--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
dated 27 May 2021 (the "Date of Approval") 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") in 
respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus" or the "Prospectus").  
 
Sixt SE 
(Pullach, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), Sixt SE ("Sixt" or 
the "Issuer" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group" or the "Sixt Group") may from time to time issue 
notes in bearer form (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are subject of this Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for 
Securities (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), by approving this Prospectus, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In 
accordance with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent 
authorities in the Republic of Austria ("Austria"), the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and the Netherlands with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a 
"Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA") with further Notifications. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of 
regulated markets issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated 
Market"). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (as amended, "MiFID II")). Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may also be not listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank 
Dealers 
 
Bayerische Landesbank  
CIC Market Solutions 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Helaba 
SEB 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639). For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned website does not 
form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months from its 
Date of Approval (in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation) i.e. until (and including) 27 May 2022. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes to be issued under the Programme (and which arises or is noted between the time when this 
Prospectus has been approved and the closing of the offer period of any such Notes or, as the case may be, the time 
when trading of such Notes on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later) shall not apply once this Prospectus 
is no longer valid. During its time of validity the Issuer shall not be obliged to supplement this Prospectus in case it is 
not being used in connection with an issue of Notes which shall be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances where no exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Sixt with its registered office in Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Federal Republic of Germany is 
solely responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") to be prepared in relation to each Tranche (as 
defined below) of Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer hereby declares that the information contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any information incorporated 
herein by reference (see the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and with any 
supplement hereto. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Prospectus (including any information incorporated herein by 
reference and any supplement hereto) and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the information which is incorporated herein by reference, other information 
on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme and, if given or 
made, such information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the arranger 
(the "Arranger") of the Programme or any of the dealers specified in the section entitled "General 
Description of the Programme" (together with any additional financial institution to be appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a 
permanent basis, the "Dealers") or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any document incorporated 
herein by reference or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms, and accordingly, and to the extent 
permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and no adverse change in the financial situation of the 
Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The language of this Prospectus and any supplement hereto is English. German language translations 
of the sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "Form of Final Terms" are also 
included in this Prospectus. The binding language of the Final Terms and the terms and conditions of 
the Notes applicable to any Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme (the "Conditions") 
may be German or English as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement hereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale 
and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Prospectus, any supplement hereto or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves 
about and observe any such restrictions.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the EEA in general, the 
Republic of Italy, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Japan; see the section 
entitled "Selling Restrictions".  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area – If the relevant Final 
Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in a member state of the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the 
relevant Final Terms include the above-mentioned legend, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom – If the relevant Final Terms 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms, not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom may be unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as 
"Not Applicable", except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, in relation to the United 
Kingdom, any offer of Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person 
making or intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Notes which are the subject of an 
offering/placement contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if

--- Page 5 ---
5 
a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in the United Kingdom and 
published, all in accordance with the UK Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation and such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to the use of such prospectus for the 
purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor 
any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such 
offer. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The relevant Final Terms may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Interest amounts payable on Notes with a fluctuating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") will be 
calculated by reference to a specific benchmark which will be provided by an administrator. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Floating Rate Notes 
has not yet been determined. However, amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be 
calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (Euribor) ("EMMI"), (ii) LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) 
which is provided by the ICE Benchmark Association ("IBA"), or another benchmark. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register (the "ESMA Register") of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (the "ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, IBA does not appear in the ESMA Register. As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply to IBA.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
The Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In 
such case the Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply (in which case the relevant administrator would not be required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if the relevant administrator is located outside the EEA, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence) or whether the relevant benchmark does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
to be issued under the Programme may be entitled to use this Prospectus, as further described 
in the section entitled "Consent to the Use of this Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which they 
have been published. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or 
solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or 
an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Managers) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") in the relevant Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Sixt's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Sixt's business 
is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, 
estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly 
advised to read the (sub)sections entitled "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer" and 
"Description of Sixt SE as Issuer" and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Prospectus as set out in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. These 
sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Sixt's business 
and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any further Dealers assume any 
obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these 
forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Therefore, each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Responsibility Statement ................................................................................................................................. 3 
Important Notice .............................................................................................................................................. 3 
Forward-Looking Statements .......................................................................................................................... 6 
The Notes May not be a Suitable Investment for all Investors ........................................................................ 7 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer ..................................................................................................... 14 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes ..................................................................................................... 27 
Consent to the Use of this Prospectus .......................................................................................................... 37 
Issue Procedures ........................................................................................................................................... 38 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes – English Language Version ................................................................. 40 
Option I – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates ............ 41 
Option II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with Floating Interest Rates ....... 60 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes – German Language Version ................................................................ 85 
Option I – Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung .......................................................................................................................................... 86 
Option II – Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung ........................................................................................................................................ 107 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 134 
Description of Rules Regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................................. 162 
Description of Sixt SE as Issuer .................................................................................................................. 164 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 190 
Taxation Warning ........................................................................................................................................ 191 
Selling Restrictions ...................................................................................................................................... 192 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................................... 198 
General Information ..................................................................................................................................... 200 
Names and Addresses ................................................................................................................................ 202

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms and any decision to invest in any Notes should 
be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including the information incorporated by 
reference.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the sections entitled "Form of Final Terms" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Sixt SE 
Legal Entity Identifier 
("LEI"): 
5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07 
Description: 
The Euro 2,500,000,000 debt issuance programme of Sixt SE is a 
programme for the issue of Notes in bearer form. 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to 
time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer 
may increase the Programme size from time to time in accordance 
with the terms of the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
27 May 2021 and concluded between the Issuer, the Arranger and 
the Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"). 
Arranger: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers:  
Bayerische Landesbank 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Paying Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
and/or any other paying agent appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series of Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Series and Tranches: 
Notes will be issued in Tranches. The Notes belonging to the same 
Tranche will be identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which 
are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and are 
identical in all respects, but having (if so applicable) different issue 
dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments, may form a Series of fungible Notes.  
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the Conditions 
applicable to each Tranche of Notes. The Conditions will be set out in 
a document specific to such Tranche referred to as Final Terms. 
Distribution of Notes: 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private 
placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and retail 
investors, unless the relevant Final Terms include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area" or "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom", in which case the Notes will be offered only to qualified 
investors. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par, as stated in the relevant Final Terms. The 
issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of 
the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers. Orders 
will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above 
such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price 
corresponding to the yield. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other 
currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem, may be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes may initially be 
deposited upon issue with (i) either Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper (in the 
case of a new global note) or, (ii) Clearstream Banking AG. This does 
not necessarily mean, however, that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria prevailing from time to time. 
Currencies of the Notes: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Pound Sterling, Swiss Francs 
and United States Dollars and, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions and requirements of relevant central banks, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, or, if in any currency other than 
euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to EUR 1,000 at 
the time of the issue of such Notes. The Notes will be freely

--- Page 11 ---
11 
transferable. 
Clearing:  
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing 
Systems as specified in the relevant Final Terms. These systems may 
comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations which are 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 2 (Status, Negative Pledge) of the 
Conditions. 
Positive Covenant 
The Issuer undertakes to the extent permitted by law, in particular by 
exercising its voting rights at its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in 
Condition 2 (Status, Negative Pledge)), to procure that the annual net 
income and the balance sheet profit respectively of its Material 
Subsidiaries are distributed to the Issuer at least in an amount 
necessary to settle the relevant payment claims of the Holders 
against the Issuer. The Issuer further undertakes to the extent 
permitted by law, in particular by exercising its voting rights at its 
Material Subsidiaries, to procure that existing capital reserves and 
revenue reserves of its Material Subsidiaries are dissolved to the 
extent permitted by law as far as necessary to settle the relevant 
payment claims of the Holders against the Issuer. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, all as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Yield: 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated by the use of the 
ICMA (International Capital Market Association) method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes by taking into account 
accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Maturity: 
Under this Prospectus, only Notes with a maturity of twelve months or 
more may be issued. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) (i) at 
the option of the Issuer and/or the Holders upon giving notice to the 
Holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity, (ii) at the option of the Issuer in 
case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or 
purchased by any subsidiary of the Issuer, (iii) (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) at the option of the Issuer in case a replacement rate, an 
adjustment spread or a replacement rate adjustment cannot be 
determined following a rate replacement event, or (iv) at the option of 
the Holders in case a change of control of the Issuer occurs and, in 
each case, at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Conditions. 
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If any withholding or deduction with 
respect to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, 
the Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Conditions, pay such additional amounts 
of principal and interest as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
received by the Holders in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
Rating: 
The Programme has not been rated. Series of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be rated or not rated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, 
Notification, 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the 
CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
In accordance with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities 
in Austria, Germany and the Netherlands with a Notification. The 
Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in 
additional member states within the EEA with further Notifications. 
 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may also be not listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes in 
the United States of America, the EEA in general, the Republic of 
Italy, the United Kingdom and Japan, as set out in the section entitled 
"Selling Restrictions". 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in Notes to be issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. A discussion of these risks is set out in the section 
entitled "Risk Factors". There are certain factors that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. These are set out in the subsection entitled 
"Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer". In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with any Notes to be issued under the Programme 
and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. These are set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors 
Relating to the Notes".

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which the Issuer 
may currently deem not to be material may instead be or become material over time and could 
likewise impair the business operations of the Issuer or the Group and have a material adverse effect 
on its business, cash flows, results of operations and its financial condition. 
The Issuer has identified in the following subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer" a 
number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments 
due under any Notes. 
In addition, certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes to be issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme are also described below in the subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the 
Notes". 
Prospective investors should consider all risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described 
below may combine and thus intensify one another. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and should consult 
with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) prior 
to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this section "Risk Factors". 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
As a matter of the nature of Sixt SE's business it is exposed to the following risks, which are presented 
in the categories below depending on their nature with the most material risk factor mentioned first in 
each category. The assessment of materiality was based on the probability of occurrence and 
expected magnitude of negative impact. Subsequent risk factors in the same category have not been 
ranked in order of materiality of occurrence. 
1. Risks Relating to the Group's Industry and Markets,  
2. Risks Relating to the Business,  
3. Financial Risks, 
4. Risks Relating to the Structure of the Sixt Group, and 
5. Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Group's Industry and Markets 
General Market Risks 
The business of the Sixt Group is dependent on the general economic environment across the globe 
and – because of the geographical focus of their activities – particularly in Germany, in Europe and in 
the USA, as the general economic development has a major effect on the investment inclination and 
spending propensity of customers and, in turn, on the demand for mobility products of the Sixt Group. 
During phases of economic weakness, demand for mobility products offered by the Sixt Group may 
fall as a result of cost-saving measures by its customers, both companies and private households. A 
downturn in the overall economy could therefore adversely affect demand for vehicle rental products

--- Page 15 ---
15 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
In addition, the Sixt Group's business may be adversely affected by national and international 
developments such as political upheavals and revolutions, armed conflicts, acts of terrorism, natural 
disasters, environmental disasters, epidemics or even pandemics such as the spread of the so-called 
SARS Cov-2 virus ("COVID-19"), which impacted economic activity worldwide (see the subsection 
entitled: "The recent COVID-19 pandemic will materially adversely affect the Sixt Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows."). 
The Sixt Group is also dependent on developments in tourism and personal transport (in particular air 
travel), which are dependent on a variety of factors that the Sixt Group cannot influence. These 
include, for example, the expansion of the public transport infrastructure, improvements in traffic flow 
and the coordination of the combined use of different modes of transport. Legal requirements relating 
to environmental protection, which are growing in importance above all in the EU but also in other 
regions of the world, can, when combined with widespread public debate – such as the public 
discussions about possible driving bans for diesel-powered vehicles e.g. in individual German cities or 
the general ban of combustion engines in individual European countries – bring about changes in 
mobility patterns, which could adversely affect the demand for the Sixt Group's vehicle rental products. 
Demand could also be adversely affected by alternative mobility solutions that replace the classic 
rental products brought to market by start-ups, but also by business units of established car 
manufacturers. This could have negative effects on demand for the mobility products offered by the 
Sixt Group. 
Each of these developments may have material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to High Level of Competition in the Group's Industry 
The vehicle rental markets worldwide are markets of intense competition. Internationally, the Sixt 
Group is competing with several large vehicle rental companies, while locally the Sixt Group is often 
also competing against smaller local or regional car rental companies. Since price is one of the main 
competitive factors, intense competition may lead to individual market participants attempting to gain 
market share in the short term by consciously implementing an aggressive pricing policy, often even 
accepting operating losses. An oversupply of vehicles, intensified by the high degree of competition, 
may in addition lead to intense pricing pressure. If potential competitive pressures requires the Sixt 
Group to adapt to such aggressive pricings this would have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. Partly due to this intense 
competition and the ongoing concentration process in the vehicle rental market, the number of vehicle 
rental companies has already declined (e.g. through insolvencies or takeovers) in recent years. 
Furthermore, the competition, in particular the price competition, is aggravated as a result of the 
increased use of comparison portals and similar websites on the internet which enhance the 
transparency of the prices offered by the various providers, including smaller and regional providers 
which would otherwise not have the same or any awareness of the potential customers. 
No assurance can be given that the Sixt Group will be able to improve and successfully market its 
existing product range and compete successfully in future. Competitors of the Sixt Group may have or 
develop, in particular, lower cost bases (including access to cheaper fleets), greater financial 
resources, a larger customer base, better distribution channels, greater market shares and/or brand 
recognition, better staff or other advantages. In addition, information technology and digital solutions 
have become increasingly important in recent years. There can be no assurance that competitors do 
not have, or will not develop, better information technology, in particular with respect to artificial 
intelligence, and digital solutions than those developed and used by the Sixt Group. There is also no 
assurance that the Sixt Group will have the resources required to successfully meet the challenges of 
changes in market conditions or market prices, the concentration process or the potential entry of new 
competitors in the markets of the Sixt Group. The inability of the Sixt Group to meet such challenges in 
future could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Risks Relating to Changes in Technology 
The Sixt Group needs to anticipate and react to technological changes, in particular related to online 
and mobile booking services and advancements in the automotive sectors. Customers have grown 
accustomed to organising their business and private trips irrespective of place and time by using 
online and mobile channels. Accordingly, the entire preparation of a journey, starting from the choice 
of airline, hotel reservation through to booking the rental vehicle or other mobility services, is often 
conducted via one technical interface, such as the computer, the smartphone or tablet. To this end, 
the Sixt Group needs to cooperate with numerous providers of online and mobile solutions in the travel 
and mobility industry and has to permanently upgrade its IT systems to the latest state of technology. 
This results in the need to make substantial investments in new or enhanced technologies which may 
prove unsuccessful and not yield the anticipated attraction for customers. Furthermore, providers of 
online and mobile solutions or their individual products or services may not be available at all or not at 
acceptable prices. 
In the automotive sector, the trend towards self-driving vehicles (autonomous driving) may result in car 
manufacturers offering mobility solutions (e.g. on the basis of self-driving vehicles) directly to 
customers thereby circumventing rental companies, including those of the Sixt Group. Such 
disintermediation would result in car manufacturers competing directly with the Sixt Group for 
customers. Additionally, during periods of rapid technological transformation, there can be supply 
shortages for vehicles with alternative powertrains (e.g. electric vehicles), and it is possible that 
manufacturers will not enter into repurchase agreements for such vehicles on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all. 
Further changes in technology and consumer preferences such as the growth of sales of electric 
vehicles, either through increasing demand or imposed statutory quotas, as well as the demand for the 
respective charging infrastructure may create considerable challenges in adapting the Sixt Group's 
fleet, rental stations and processes in order to address such new customer demands or potentially 
upcoming regulatory requirements. Landlords of rental stations (in particular airports, train stations or 
large downtown stations) might not offer Sixt the necessary infrastructure or even forbid Sixt to install 
it. The technological transformation towards alternative drive systems will create a need for the Sixt 
Group to make additional investments in new technologies which may prove unsuccessful and not 
yield the anticipated attraction for customers. In addition, the financing of such investments may not be 
available to the Sixt Group on favourable terms or at all. Changes in technology may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group.  
Risks Relating to Changes in Mobility Patterns 
Potentially disruptive changes in mobility patterns such as the growth of car sharing, ride-hailing (i.e. 
ordering a car, taxi, limousine, or any other form of transportation pick up, usually via a computer or 
mobile device) and connected services may occur. This creates opportunities available to new market 
entrants, mostly from the internet and tech industry but also from established industries like the 
automotive sector. Insufficient control of the advances of these players or the possibility of a lower 
than expected performance of Sixt's mobility products in these new markets and an exposure to the 
new business models could represent a risk to the Sixt Group. In addition, this may significantly 
increase the already intense competition in the vehicle rental industry and could result in loss of 
customers for the Sixt Group and a decrease in revenues. This may have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
In addition, travel behaviour of customers may change in general and lead to less demand in the 
mobility products of the Sixt Group. In 2020, business trips, particularly triggered by the COVID-19 
pandemic, were severely cut back and personal business meetings were replaced by telephone or 
video conferences. Also, many employers now offer home-office solutions, which also leads to less 
travel. It is likely that these trends will continue even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides or will be 
overcome and business travel may not return to the same level as before the pandemic. In addition, 
customers may also travel less in future or use other mobility options for environmental reasons. All of 
the above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Business 
The recent COVID-19 pandemic will materially adversely affect the Sixt Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
The spread of COVID-19 in the beginning of 2020 quickly turned into a global pandemic and has 
resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to limit the spread of the virus, such as 
travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, physical distancing rules and 
business shutdowns. In addition, as a result of such measures and the economic disruptions caused – 
among others – on manufacturing supply chains and industrial production, the COVID-19 pandemic 
has severely impacted all major economies. 
The impact of COVID-19 and containment measures triggered in response to the virus have massively 
affected the Sixt Group's business in a number of ways and continues to do so. The rapidly spreading 
virus has impacted on the Sixt Group's workforce and operations because each of the countries where 
the Sixt Group has premises has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In some countries where 
the Sixt Group has premises, the operations of the Sixt Group came to an almost complete stillstand 
during the second quarter of 2020. Also following the second quarter of 2020, Sixt SE suffered 
massively from the effects of COVID-19. Consequently, Sixt SE has recorded a sharp drop in the 
number of rentals and thus in revenue and earnings since the beginning of March 2020. These 
negative developments occurred in particular in the second quarter 2020 and have been recurring 
repeatedly in connection with new waves of infection (e.g. in Winter 2020/2021) and a wider spread of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and higher infection rates. If authorities were to continuously or newly 
implement measures such as travel restrictions/bans, quarantine, shelter in place orders and business 
shutdowns over a longer period of time this will further deteriorate the Sixt Group's economic 
performance. Ongoing or, even worse, new or further restrictions on private and business travel will 
result in further decline in demand for the Sixt Group's mobility products. In addition, travel behaviour 
of customers may change in general (e.g. due to business trips being replaced by telephone or video 
conferences). Since the occurrence and effects of the aforementioned events are difficult or even 
impossible to predict, consistently reliable forecasts regarding the development and hence the 
demand for travel can only be made to a very limited extent, if at all, even over the short term. The 
development and availability of vaccines against COVID-19 is also fraught with great uncertainty, in 
particular as to whether such vaccines are effective and available in sufficient quantities at short 
notice. In addition, the virus is constantly mutating and such mutations can be more contagious, 
deadlier or otherwise dangerous and existing vaccines may be ineffective. 
After the dramatic reduction of the fleet in 2020, the Sixt Group is currently increasing the fleet again 
against the background of the current increase in vaccination rates. Should there not be a 
corresponding increase in travel demand in the near future, e.g., because travel restrictions are not 
lifted to the same extent or people are more reluctant to travel than before, this could have material 
adverse effects on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group.  
The spread of COVID-19 has further caused the Sixt Group to modify its business practices (including 
employee travel and remote employee working capabilities), to introduce short-time work (Kurzarbeit) 
in several countries, and the Sixt Group may take further actions as may be required by government 
authorities. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by 
COVID-19, and the Sixt Group's ability to perform critical functions could be harmed.  
The Sixt Group's earnings will be strongly influenced by the further course and duration of the Corona 
crisis and its macroeconomic effects, which makes it more challenging for the Sixt Group's 
management to estimate future performance of its businesses, particularly over the near term. The 
degree to which COVID-19 further impacts the Sixt Group's results will depend on future 
developments and government restrictions imposed on societies as well as the availability and 
effectiveness of the vaccines, which are highly uncertain and beyond Sixt Group's control and, thus, 
cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent 
normal economic and operating conditions can resume.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Furthermore, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, a major competitor filed for Chapter 11 in 
the USA and a further major competitor has undergone a financial restructuring. It cannot be excluded, 
that competition may further intensify, if restructuring measures of such competitors should be 
successful.  
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Fleet Planning 
High capacity utilisation of the rental fleet, combined with the availability of different types of vehicles, 
are of great importance for the success of the Sixt Group. Availability relates not only to the absolute 
size of the rental fleet but also to individual vehicle classes and types that meet customer demand. 
Declining demand can result in a lower-than-expected utilisation of the rental fleet that is provided up-
front, which in turn can affect the profitability of rental products adversely. For an efficient and flexible 
control the Sixt Group is therefore dependent on sophisticated, reliable and tried-and-tested fleet 
management and yield management tools. 
To the extent the Sixt Group enters into purchase and repurchase agreements with vehicle dealers 
and manufacturers under the terms of which the Sixt Group acquires and may sell back vehicles at 
pre-determined conditions, the mobility business unit may be unable to react to fluctuations in demand 
for such vehicles swiftly enough as such purchase and repurchase agreements are agreed in advance 
for a fixed term. 
The inability of the Sixt Group to forecast the future need of vehicles with a sufficient degree of 
certainty and to adjust the size and structure of its fleet accordingly and to efficiently manage the 
availability of the vehicles in the individual locations, where they are required could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Risks Relating to Rental Fleet Supply 
The Sixt Group obtains its vehicles from manufacturers and dealers. The Sixt Group is highly 
dependent on the supply of popular vehicle models, their purchase at competitive terms, high quality 
products, certain technical equipment (e.g. allowing for digitisation of rental processes), an attractive 
product range and, for reasons of pricing certainty and independence of fluctuations in prices for used 
vehicles to a certain extent, on the granting of repurchase commitments. There is no assurance that 
the Sixt Group will be in a position to select a sufficient number of popular vehicle models from 
different manufacturers and dealers, to negotiate purchase conditions that offer sufficient contribution 
margins, to distribute its purchasing volumes over a number of suppliers, to base vehicle deliveries on 
intra-year requirements planning and to enter into repurchase agreements.  
The Group is heavily dependent on the manufacturers' and dealers' ability to deliver purchased 
vehicles on time. Various events, whether under the control of the respective manufacturer or dealer 
or outside any responsibility (e.g. acts of God), can cause vehicles not being delivered to the Sixt 
Group on time or at all. The Sixt Group is additionally dependent on strategic considerations of the 
manufacturers or dealers or changes in market conditions in the automobile industry. For example, 
disputes between manufacturers and suppliers may result in production downtimes which may in turn 
result in supply shortages for specific vehicle models of that manufacturer. Additionally, during periods 
of rapid technological transformation, there can be supply shortages for vehicles with alternative 
powertrains (e.g. electric vehicles). 
In addition, vehicle manufacturers or dealers could make the delivery of vehicles dependent on 
advance payments. In this case, the Sixt Group bears an additional credit risk of these manufacturers 
and dealers. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and results of operations of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Risks Relating to Solvency of Obligors of the Repurchase Commitments 
The Sixt Group has entered into numerous buy-back agreements covering the vast majority of the 
rental vehicles added to the fleet each year with dealers and manufacturers of the purchased vehicles, 
under the terms of which the Sixt Group may sell back the vehicles to the respective dealer or 
manufacturer at pre-determined conditions upon expiry of the agreed holding period. Especially due to 
the difficult economic situation in the automobile markets, such counterparties, and dealers in 
particular, may not be able to meet their repurchase commitments in full or at all or may become 
insolvent. In these cases, the Sixt Group would be forced to sell the affected vehicles itself on the 
used vehicles markets, which would not only give rise to unexpected costs but would also expose the 
Sixt Group to market price risks in the used vehicle markets, which are even higher since the used car 
market for cars of an insolvent manufacturer is likely to be disturbed leading to lower prices of the 
relevant cars, otherwise borne by the counterparties under the repurchase agreements. All of the 
above risks have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Vehicles not Covered by Repurchase Commitments 
Vehicles not covered by buy-back agreements (see the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to 
Solvency of Obligors of the Repurchase Commitments"), have to be sold by the Sixt Group in the used 
vehicle markets and, as a consequence, residual values of such vehicles are exposed to various 
uncertainties in such markets. The Group's ability to sell these so called "at risk vehicles" in the used 
vehicle markets could become constrained as a result of a number of factors or events, including the 
economic environment, model changes, legislative requirements as well as oversupply by 
manufacturers of certain vehicle types or models. A decline in used vehicle prices may severely hinder 
the Sixt Group's ability to sell such vehicles at adequate prices, which could result in losses. A lack of 
liquidity in the used vehicle markets may furthermore lead to the Sixt Group not being able to sell 
enough vehicles or such vehicles at all, thus leading to a lack of liquidity of the Sixt Group. 
In addition, vehicles subject to a buy-back agreement enable the Group to much better determine in 
advance the fleet holding costs of the purchased vehicles in comparison to vehicles not covered by 
such agreements. Any increase in the proportion of "at risk vehicles" in the Sixt Group's fleet would 
decrease the Sixt Group's ability to forecast its fleet holding costs. Furthermore, buy-back agreements 
typically provide for shorter holding periods as it is economically reasonable to hold "at risk vehicles". 
This flexibility contributes, however, to the Group's ability to optimize its fleet. 
There can be no assurance that the Sixt Group will be able to maintain the current high percentage of 
vehicles covered by buy-back agreements in its rental fleet or that the same level of flexibility will be 
maintained in the future. 
Vehicles not covered by buy-back agreements generally and, in particular, an increase of such "at risk 
vehicles" in the Group's fleet could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Development and Maintaining of a Favourable Brand Recognition 
Maintaining and further developing a favourable brand recognition of the "Sixt" brand are crucial 
factors for the further success of the operations of the Sixt Group. Factors affecting the brand 
recognition are often outside the Sixt Group's control (see also the subsection "Risks Relating to the 
Protection of Intellectual Property"). The risks of reputational damages are greatly increased by the 
large network of franchisees and agents, which are all using the "Sixt" brand for their operations, on 
whose behaviour the Sixt Group has limited influence. 
Any reputational damage could result in the loss of customers and of market share as well as its 
market position as provider of premium services and could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Risks Relating to Failures or Other Malfunctions of Computer Systems 
The Sixt Group in many cases uses its own software solutions for the execution of major tasks in 
business management, among others for the purposes of cost management and the analysis of 
demand assessment, the achievement of a high availability and utilisation of the rental fleet. Such 
solutions include, in particular, the so-called yield management system and the rental software. The 
software solutions are complemented by many third-party IT-solutions. For example, the Sixt Group 
has implemented a range of SAP systems for financial processes. The failure-free operation and 
further development of the own software systems as well as third party software are essential for the 
efficient conduct of the operations of the Sixt Group. System malfunctions and faults in the computer 
systems, hardware and software, including server failures (including cloud services), can cause 
considerable problems in operating processes and, in serious cases, even bring them to a standstill. In 
addition, when implementing new, replacement or supplementary software the high complexity of the 
IT system places high demands on compatibility on existing systems so as to guarantee smooth 
continuation of the operative business. Any IT system failures and/or the costs of fixing such failures 
could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Security Breaches and Cyber-Attacks 
The Sixt Group's IT-systems possess, store and handle huge amounts of data, including personal 
data, payment information and business critical data. If the Sixt Group were unable to maintain the 
security of the data it holds or the integrity of its systems, whether as the result of the Sixt Group's own 
error or the malfeasance, errors, malicious acts of others, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. Third parties, 
in particular criminal hackers, may have the technology and/or expertise to attack and possibly breach 
the security measures implemented by the Sixt Group. The Sixt Group's security measures may not 
prevent security breaches that could result in considerable problems with respect to operating 
processes and, in serious cases, even bring those processes to a standstill. All of the above risks 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Internationalisation of Business Activities 
The Sixt Group has been pursuing a strategy of internationalisation in Europe for many years and 
since 2011 also in the USA. This strategy of internationalisation involves various risks including 
market-specific, legal, fraud, financial and personnel risks. These include possible incorrect 
assessments of market conditions in the countries in question, changes to national legal and/or tax 
frameworks, the costs associated with the establishment of an effective business organisation and the 
need to find qualified management personnel and suitable employees.  
The Sixt Group aims to pursue its strategy of growth and especially internationalisation primarily 
through organic growth, but to the extent the Sixt Group decides to pursue its growth and 
internationalisation strategy through acquisitions (including by way of taking over franchise and 
cooperation partners), there are also transaction-related risks, including that acquisitions cannot be 
successfully integrated into the Sixt Group's existing operations, or that such transactions do not yield 
the expected benefits or advantages. Failures or delays in integrating acquisitions may be costly and 
impair the development of the Sixt Group's business. In the past, restructuring measures were 
required in several subsidiaries of the Sixt Group. No assurance can be given that the Sixt Group will 
be able to successfully expand its position in the foreign markets. The opening of new rental stations 
abroad generally requires considerable upfront investments by the Sixt Group and relevant market 
analyses and other research by the Sixt Group cannot guarantee that such stations will be successful. 
Future expansion might be limited, among other things, by the possibilities and costs of financing such 
expansion. In order to finance its targeted growth, the Sixt Group will continue to require considerable 
additional funds. 
If there is failure or delay in the implementation of the Sixt Group's internationalisation strategies, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Sixt 
Group and also on existing customer relations, because especially corporate customers, who are one

--- Page 21 ---
21 
of the Sixt Group's main customer groups, require more and more mobility offerings on an 
international scale. Due to the same reason a failure by the Sixt Group to maintain its presence, 
through subsidiaries as well as through cooperation with franchisees and cooperation partners, in 
certain key countries, may result in a disproportionately high decline of revenues and in particular 
corporate customers of the Sixt Group. Such decline of corporate customers of the Sixt Group may in 
turn lead to further terminations by franchisees and cooperation partners which may further aggravate 
the decline of revenues and customers of the Sixt Group. Any such development could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Necessity to Operate Rental Offices at Airports, Train Stations and Other 
Highly Frequented Places 
The concentration of rental offices at airports, train stations and other places with high passenger 
frequency is particularly important for the Sixt Group's rental business. Should the Sixt Group not be 
able in future to lease rental offices at suitable locations (such as central airport offices) and at 
appropriate terms or to extend the term of existing lease agreements, or should a material number of 
rental offices be closed, even temporarily, this could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Fraud, Theft and Fraudulent Appropriation 
The Sixt Group's businesses are, given its scale and nature, exposed to various types of fraud, 
targeting it directly or its customers and suppliers. In particular, the Sixt Group's business involves the 
risk of theft and fraudulent appropriation of vehicles and resulting financial losses. This risk may 
increase as a result of the Sixt Group's expansion and opening of additional markets. In addition, an 
increase of theft losses covered by insurances could result in increasing insurance premiums. Should 
the Sixt Group not be able to implement appropriate technological or organisational preventive 
measures in future, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Recall Campaigns 
Vehicles in the Sixt Group's fleet are regularly subject to recalls by manufacturers. Recalls may cause 
the Sixt Group to recall rented vehicles from customers or to decline to rent available vehicles. In 
particular, if a large number of vehicles were to be simultaneously recalled, or the necessary spare 
parts to apply the steps described in the recall were not available in sufficient quantities, this could 
lead to a constraint or inefficiency of the Sixt Group's fleet and, as a consequence, to a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. The Sixt Group could also potentially face liability claims if the Sixt Group was unable to 
adhere to recalls in the required periods of time or at all. Also such claims would have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
Risks Relating to Payment Methods 
The Sixt Group offers a broad variety of different payment methods tailored to meet its customers' 
payment preferences. These payment methods include, inter alia, invoicing, credit and debit cards, 
direct debit, checks and others. The Sixt Group faces various risks in connection with these payment 
methods, such such as the risk of operational failures, transmission errors, fee increases, higher 
costs, insolvency of service providers (e.g. payment service provider, credit card acquirer, card issuing 
credit institutes, etc.), introduction of additional regulations and compliance requirements as well as 
various types of fraud or cyber-attacks. In addition there is no guarantee, that the Sixt Group will be 
able to maintain its right to accept credit cards for payment. 
All of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Risks Relating to the Franchise System 
The Sixt Group has a huge network of franchisees all over the world. Franchise fees from franchisees 
contribute to the Group's profit. Furthermore, the franchise network contributes customers to the Sixt 
Corporate Countries and thus revenue of the Sixt Group. The Franchisees are typically contractually 
bound for a five year period. The Sixt Group cannot guarantee that all of its franchise contracts will be 
renewed or renewed at the same conditions. The Sixt Group may also lose franchisees to competitors 
due to better offers or for other reasons. If one or more of the Sixt Group's franchisees were to leave 
the Sixt Group's networks, the geographic coverage could be reduced, thus weakening the Group's 
brand and attractiveness to customers. 
All of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Necessity of Maintaining Strategic Partnerships, Cooperations and 
Distribution Channels 
Strategic partnerships and cooperations are a crucial factor of success in the dynamic competitive 
environment in which the Sixt Group operates. The Sixt Group is a partner of numerous airlines, hotel 
chains and other key players in the mobility and tourism industry, including distribution channels 
important in particular for leisure customers. The agreements with these partners and distribution 
channels often provide for short notice periods and, save for only few exceptions, are not exclusive. It 
cannot be excluded that due to changes in market conditions or changes in the marketing or business 
strategy of the partners and distribution channels, existing contracts might be terminated or proposed 
partnerships might not be concluded, maintained or expanded. The termination of existing contracts or 
the lack of suitable future partners or distribution channels could result in the loss of clients and of 
market share as well as its market position as provider of premium services and could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
3. 
Financial Risks 
Risks Relating to the Refinancing of Existing Debt, Availability of Funds and Cost of Debt 
The operations of the Sixt Group, in particular in periods of growth, are dependent on the availability of 
sufficient and cost-efficient funding. For financing its business operations, the Sixt Group mainly uses 
short-term financing facilities granted by several banks, commercial papers, a syndicated loan, 
borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) and bonds as well as, in particular with respect to 
vehicles, operating leases. See also the subsection entitled "Description of Sixt as Issuer – Business 
Overview – Financing Arrangements and Security". 
In view of ongoing changes in the banking sector as an industry, among others due to higher 
regulatory capital requirements for credit operations or changed risk weightings, financial institutions 
may change their financing policies significantly. The Sixt Group could, in particular due to the ongoing 
COVID-19 pandemic which resulted in highly volatile international capital markets, be exposed to the 
risk to fail to obtain external financing from banks or other creditors (e.g. through placements of 
borrower's notes loans (Schuldscheindarlehen), bonds or short-term commercial papers) on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all given the current or future market uncertainties. It could 
become more expensive, more difficult or even impossible for the Sixt Group to find external financing 
sources depending, among others, on general market conditions and the assessment and appraisal of 
the creditworthiness of Sixt SE and its subsidiaries. No assurance can be given that the Issuer will be 
able to refinance its debt or that the Sixt Group's assets will be sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding in which case the Issuer and/or other members of the Sixt Group could be required to file 
for insolvency.  
Moreover, the Sixt Group has not obtained an external credit rating from any rating agency. As a 
result, it may be more difficult for the Sixt Group to refinance its debt and to anticipate the interest 
rates and other costs that it will incur upon the refinancing of its debt. On the other hand, it cannot be

--- Page 23 ---
23 
excluded that the Sixt Group's financing costs will increase if an external credit rating is assigned to 
any debt instrument or to any entity of the Sixt Group in the future. 
Furthermore, considerable expenses will accrue in each year for the payment of interest and other 
costs (e.g. commitment fees) relating to the Sixt Group's various sources of funding. These material 
costs affect the liquidity and profitability of the Sixt Group. This applies in particular if banks, 
depending on the market situation and their own creditworthiness, may have to accept increased risk 
premiums in their own refinancing. In this case these premiums are expected to be passed on to 
customers taking out loans from such banks. This may further increase financing costs for the Sixt 
Group. The Sixt Group may not be able to pass on such increased financing costs to its customers. 
Moreover, it cannot be excluded that banks or financial services institutions will apply in future a more 
restrictive lending policy and will not make available to Sixt Group credit facilities or funding facilities in 
an amount that is sufficient for the needs of Sixt Group or expected by the Issuer. In case of an 
increase in interest rates, risk premiums or other costs of financing and in case of higher refinancing 
costs which might not be passed on to customers, or if the availability of financings is affected, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
In addition, members of the Sixt Group may issue further capital market instruments, e.g. borrower's 
note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen), profit participation certificates, notes, asset-backed securities, or 
other financing instruments all of which would lead to a higher amount of liabilities as well as a higher 
amount of expenses for payment of interest and other costs. In addition, it cannot be ruled out that the 
capital markets, temporarily or for longer, will have only limited capacity and/or willingness to absorb 
issues of bonds, commercial paper, borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) or any other debt 
instrument of the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Termination of Existing or Future Financings 
Sixt Group is exposed to the risk of early termination of the Group's debt instruments (e.g. due to 
default, cross acceleration or default, insolvency, material adverse change, change of control, etc.). 
Even if a lender is reluctant to seek acceleration or enforcement, the event could nonetheless result in 
the lender refusing to fund new (non-rollover) utilisations under a revolving working capital facility. The 
applicable grace periods (e.g. in case of a non-payment or cross acceleration or cross default) in the 
different debt instruments are not the same and, thus, can in particular be shorter under certain debt 
instruments than grace periods with respect to Notes. 
Adverse effects on the business of the Sixt Group could result in the breach of one or more covenants, 
in particular financial covenants, which form part of debt instruments, in particular credit agreements, 
and which, in turn, could lead to the lender taking steps to accelerate or cross-accelerate the loan and 
enforce its rights. If Sixt Group would be unable or chooses not to refinance its debt, it may be 
required to delay capital expenditure programs and/or forced to sell assets on a distressed basis, 
either of which could have an adverse effect on the Sixt Group's business. Furthermore, it is not 
assured that the Sixt Group in such circumstances will be able to fully repay all its debt. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Financing Risks 
The Sixt Group's ordinary business activities are exposed to various financing risks. These include 
e.g. interest rate risks (in particular if they cannot be passed on to customers through price increases) 
as well as foreign currency exchange rate risks with respect to receivables and liabilities resulting from 
operational and financial relationships between Sixt SE and foreign subsidiaries in Non-Euro-
countries. Furthermore, the Group reports its results in Euro but also conducts business in Non-Euro-
countries and the Group is therefore subject to a further foreign currency exchange rate risks 
(translation risk). The foreign currency exchange rate risk applies in addition, if the Group converts

--- Page 24 ---
24 
currencies that the Group may receive from operating subsidiaries into currencies (mainly Euro) 
required to pay the Group's debt or other liabilities. 
While the Sixt Group may – from time to time – enter into hedging transactions to hedge its interest 
rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate exposure, there can be no guarantee that such hedging 
transactions will be effective or that losses will be avoided. Suitable hedging transactions envisioned 
by the Group's hedging strategy may also not always be available at reasonable prices. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
4.  
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Sixt Group 
Risks Relating to the Holding Structure 
Sixt SE is the parent and holding company for the Sixt Group, provides administrative services for 
group subsidiaries and is responsible for the strategic and financial management. All business 
operations are conducted by the business units and the respective subsidiaries of Sixt SE. The assets 
of Sixt SE essentially consist of direct and indirect investments in the subsidiaries operating the 
business units and other operational subsidiaries. Therefore, in order to be able to meet its operating 
and other expenses, including the payment of principal and interest to the Holders, Sixt SE is entirely 
dependent on the receipt of interest, dividends and distributions from its operating subsidiaries. The 
ability of the Group's operating subsidiaries to make these payments heavily depends on a positive 
cash-flow and profits generated in such subsidiaries. 
The inability of the subsidiaries of the Issuer to distribute sufficient funds to it could have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay interest on and repay the principal amount of the 
Notes and other obligations of the Issuer. 
Risks Relating to the Controlling Influence of the Major Shareholders 
Mr. Erich Sixt, Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt (collectively, the "Controlling 
Shareholders"), directly and indirectly, hold the majority of the outstanding voting shares (including 
two ordinary registered shares (auf den Namen lautende Stammaktien) held directly by Mr. Erich Sixt) 
of Sixt SE. The holding of these voting rights enables the Controlling Shareholders to exercise a 
significant influence on Sixt SE and, ultimately, the Sixt Group. The Controlling Shareholders will be 
able to significantly influence the outcome of corporate resolutions. Such resolutions include, among 
others, the resolution on the application of profits, the election and removal of Supervisory Board 
members (one member of the Supervisory Board is not elected by the shareholders' meeting, but 
delegated by Mr. Erich Sixt in accordance with the Articles of Association of Sixt SE), the appointment 
of the auditors, corporate actions and amendments of the Articles of Association. The interest of the 
Controlling Shareholders and the Holders are not necessarily aligned and the Controlling 
Shareholders may adopt resolutions on significant matters adverse to the interest of the Holders. 
On the other hand, in the event that the Controlling Shareholders, and Mr. Erich Sixt in particular, lose 
their controlling influence for whatever reason, this might have a negative impact on the financial 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Sixt Group. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes only 
entitle the Holders to call for early redemption of the Notes, if any person or persons acting in concert 
acquire more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. Hence, the Holders will not be entitled 
to call for early redemption of the Notes despite the loss of control of the Controlling Shareholders. 
See also the subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes – Risks Associated with Change 
of Control".

--- Page 25 ---
25 
5. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
Risks Relating to Tax 
The business activities of the Sixt Group are highly dependent on tax regulations.The entities of the 
Sixt Group are regularly subject to tax audits. To the extent that tax audit reports are already available 
or tax findings have been communicated by the tax authorities, any obligations to make additional tax 
payments have already been taken into account in the relevant financial statements (Jahresabschluss) 
or have been paid by the companies if assessed formally.  
Generally, tax audits may result in findings even for past financial years which could give rise to 
obligations to make additional tax payments. 
Sixt SE believes that the tax expenses and provisions for taxation recognised in its financial 
statements are in compliance with applicable laws and are sufficient in amounts. Still, it cannot be 
excluded that potential obligations to make additional tax payments in Germany or at foreign 
subsidiaries exceed the recognised provisions for taxation. Any additional tax payments could have a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Emission Limits and Driving Bans 
The Sixt Group is exposed to developments following the discussions regarding the compliance with 
emission limits and potential driving bans, which might adversely change the requirements relating to 
its rental fleet, e.g. requiring these to be equipped with alternative powertrains, and the Sixt Group 
may not be able to timely adjust its fleets to such requirements and at reasonable costs. This may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations 
The business of the Sixt Group is, especially due to its internationalisation strategy (see the 
subsection entitled "Risks Relating to the Business - Risks Relating to the Internationalisation of 
Business Activities"), subject to a variety of laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which the 
Sixt Group operates, including consumer protection laws, regulations governing the sale of goods and 
e-commerce, privacy and data protection laws, regulations governing sanctions/embargos, anti-money 
laundering and corruption and competition laws as well as tax laws and regulations, accounting and 
financial reporting standards and associated laws or regulations.  
The compliance with such laws and regulations and any changes thereto may cause material costs, 
which cannot be avoided. Any failure, or perceived failure, to comply with any of these laws and 
regulations (including any changes thereto) could damage the reputation of the Sixt Group and result 
in a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Liabilities and Insurance 
The Sixt Group may suffer from insufficient insurance coverage for its vehicles and operations. Its 
vehicles may suffer damage as a result of accidents, vandalism, flood, storm or otherwise. Vehicles of 
the Group are usually not subject to comprehensive or part insurance covers and therefore not insured 
against such risks. Thus, a significant share of the exposure to liability remains with the Group. In 
addition, where such insurances exist, the insurance coverage for the insured vehicles may not be 
sufficient to cover all damages that the Sixt Group's vehicles could potentially sustain. Its businesses 
expose the Sixt Group to claims for personal injury, death and property damage related to the use of 
its vehicles. The Sixt Group may become exposed to uninsured liability or to liabilities in respect of 
existing or future claims which exceed the level of provisions and/or insurance of the Sixt Group. 
Furthermore, insurance may not continue to be available to the Sixt Group on economically 
reasonable premiums or at all.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Protection of Intellectual Property 
For the protection of its business the Sixt Group is highly dependent on its ability to obtain, maintain 
and protect its intellectual property rights, in particular, its well-known trademarks, domain names, 
know-how and copyrights. No assurance can be given that the efforts of the Sixt Group to protect its 
intellectual property rights, in particular its well-known and business critical trademark "Sixt", will be 
sufficient. The Sixt Group may be unable to successfully defend its rights against third parties 
infringing or otherwise damaging or harming its intellectual property rights (e.g., by showing Sixt 
trademarks on websites – sometimes with fraudulent intent – or who convey the impression of being 
part of or affiliated with, or acting as an official representative of, the Sixt Group without permission to 
do so). In addition, in cases the Group grants a trademark license and other intellectual property to 
third parties (e.g. its franchisees, agents or service provider as well as Sixt Leasing SE), the Group 
may not be able to adequately protect these intellectual property rights against violations or abusive, 
damaging or otherwise harming use by such third party. Should the Sixt Group be required to take 
legal action in order to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, such action could, 
irrespective of the outcome of the relevant proceedings, involve significant costs. Furthermore, any 
unfavourable outcome of an action taken or the failure to take any action required to protect the 
trademarks, domain names, know-how, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of the Sixt 
Group could materially affect the competitiveness of the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Use of Standardised Contract Terms 
The mobility products of the Sixt Group are offered to a large variety of business and private 
customers resulting in a large number of contracts. In addition, the Sixt Group maintains contractual 
relationships with numerous manufacturers, dealers, service providers and partners. The efficient 
management of such a large number of contracts is only possible on the basis of standardised terms 
and conditions, specimen contracts and standardised agreements. As a result of this dependence on 
standard terms, even minor inaccuracies or errors in the wording or use of any such terms or changes 
to the legal framework will automatically result in a large number of contracts becoming affected and 
can involve significant risks that clauses become invalid, contracts become terminable or require 
adjustments which could be detrimental to the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, various companies of the Sixt Group are involved or likely to be 
involved in administrative proceedings and litigation and are therefore exposed to numerous related 
risks. In addition, any provisions, recorded by entities of the Group, with respect to administrative 
proceedings or litigation in its financial statements could be insufficient. These risks are heightened 
because the Sixt Group operates in numerous jurisdictions as part of its internationalisation strategy. 
See also the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to the Business - Risks Relating to the 
Internationalisation of Business Activities". Administrative proceedings and litigation in foreign 
jurisdictions, including in particular the USA, can be expensive and consume significant management 
resources. 
The Sixt Group may become exposed to liabilities in respect of administrative proceedings or litigation, 
which could adversely impact its business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in the following sub-categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each sub-category: 
1. Risks Relating to all Notes to be Issued under the Programme, 
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme, and 
3. Other Related Risks. 
1. Risks Relating to all Notes to be Issued under the Programme 
Risks in Connection with Negative Pledge and Asset-Backed Financing and Factoring 
Transactions  
§ 2 (2) of the Conditions contains a negative pledge (the "Negative Pledge") of the Issuer under which 
it undertakes (i) not to grant or to permit to subsist any in rem security (other than permitted security) 
for any present or future capital market indebtedness (including any guarantees or indemnities in 
respect thereof) on its existing or future assets, and (ii) to the extent permitted by law, to procure that 
no Material Subsidiary grants any in rem security for present or future capital market indebtedness on 
its existing or future assets, without in each case at the same time granting to the Holders an equal 
and rateable security. However, any security that has been or will be granted within the scope of 
asset-backed financing and factoring financing of the Issuer or its Material Subsidiaries on such assets 
is not subject to the Negative Pledge. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Sixt Group is in the 
process of setting up a large-volume asset-backed financing facility with respect to its vehicle fleet in 
the United States of America. There is no limit on the amount of the value of assets of the Issuer or its 
Material Subsidiaries that may be used for such asset-backed financing or factoring financing. 
Accordingly, assets (including but not limited to vehicles, repurchase commitments and customer 
receivables) and earnings of the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries may be used in an unlimited 
amount as security for such kind of transactions, without equal and rateable security being granted to 
the Holders. Any such transactions will reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-
up or insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks in Connection with the Negative Pledge and Borrowings not Classified as Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
Any borrowings that do not meet the definition of Capital Market Indebtedness (including, but not 
limited to, bank loans) contained in the Conditions are excluded from the Negative Pledge. Therefore, 
in any of these cases the Issuer is under no obligation to grant the Holders an equal and rateable 
security. Such transactions may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer. 
Liquidity Risks 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment 
of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides 
that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no 
assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will 
continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as 
compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such 
Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In 
an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Holders May Face Foreign Exchange Risks 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a 
corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other 
than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the 
value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal 
payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, 
Holders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Payments under the Notes May be Subject to Withholding Tax pursuant to FATCA 
While the Notes are in global form and held within a clearing system in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is not expected that Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
Treasury Regulations (provisions commonly referred to as "FATCA", including measures to implement 
such provisions) will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing system. However, 
FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain 
leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding, i.e. withholding of U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. It also may 
affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive 
payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or 
other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is 
compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA, including any intergovernmental 
agreements relating to FATCA and related implementing legislation or regulations, if applicable), and 
provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents 
that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA 
withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of 
FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal 
or other payments on the Notes as a result of FATCA, neither the Issuer, nor any paying agent or any 
other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. 
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme 
Holders Are Exposed to Market Price Risks in Relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of 
market interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates 
or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. Therefore, any Holder is exposed to 
the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder 
sells its Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final 
maturity the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes Are Exposed to the Risk that the Price of Such Notes Falls as a 
Result of Changes in the Market Interest Rate 
The Holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the "Market Interest Rate") for comparable 
debt securities of the same maturity. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, is fixed during the life of such Notes, the market interest rate typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of 
comparable debt instruments. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of 
comparable issues. Potential purchasers of Fixed Rate Notes should be aware that movements of the 
Market Interest Rate could adversely affect the market price of the Notes. If, however, Holders of 
Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually 
the principal amount of such Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes Are Exposed to the Risk of Fluctuating Interest Rate Levels 
Floating Rate Notes pay a variable amount of interest based on a reference interest rate on specified 
interest payment dates. Floating Rate Notes tend to be volatile instruments. Holders of Floating Rate 
Notes are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes 
in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as 
an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may be structured to include caps and/or floors. In such case, their market value 
may be more volatile than the market value for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features. 
The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined 
cap, so that Holders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the 
cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a 
cap. 
Specific Risks Arise in Case Floating Rate Notes Are Linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or Another 
Benchmark 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks, (including the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates and 
indices) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed), unless such benchmark administrators are exempt from the application of the Benchmarks 
Regulation, such as, for example, central banks and certain public authorities.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if 
located outside the UK, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks, and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if located outside the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed), unless such benchmark administrators are exempt from the application of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, such as, for example, central banks and certain public authorities. 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as far as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the LIBOR, the EURIBOR or such other benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the LIBOR, the 
EURIBOR or such other benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant 
active underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmarks 
reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. On 27 July 2017, the 
Chief Executive of the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), which regulates the LIBOR, 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR 
to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that the LIBOR benchmark 
may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation. Such announcements 
indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis (or at all) cannot and will not be 
guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that (i) the publication of 24 LIBOR 
settings (as detailed in the FCA announcements) will cease immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) 
the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 
30 June 2023, (iii) immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling 
LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that 
they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on 
requiring the IBA to continue to publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a 
further period after the end of 2021), and (iv) immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that they are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and 
the FCA will consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing 
these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after the end of June 2023). 
In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 
2018, its Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates has been mandated with 
implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") over the 
next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA is established as the 
primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
Separate workstreams were commenced in Europe to reform EURIBOR by using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide a fall-back by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro 
overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, 
the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") as the new 
risk-free rate. The ECB commenced publishing €STR on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 
2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fall-back provisions 
in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among

--- Page 31 ---
31 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. The recommendations provided thus far have been complemented by 
additional ones issued on 11 May 2021. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, certain Benchmarks will 
continue to be supported going forward. This may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing any benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a 
Rate Replacement Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) in respect of a benchmark, which 
is used to determine the Reference (Interest) Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
applicable to Notes with a floating rate of interest, occurs, including if (1) a benchmark ceases to be 
published for a period of at least ten business days prior to and including the relevant Determination 
Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), (2) a benchmark ceases to be representative or an 
industry accepted rate for debt market instruments such as, or comparable to, the Notes, (3) public 
announcements are made by, inter alia, administrators, supervisors of administrators, the central bank 
for the specified currency and/or any entity with insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of a benchmark that, inter alia, (i) the publication of such benchmark will cease 
permanently or indefinitely, (ii) such benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, (iii) such benchmark will permanently or indefinitely cease to be provided by its 
administrator, (iv) such benchmark will be prohibited from being used, or (v) that a material change of 
the methodology of calculation of such benchmark has occurred or will occur. 
As outlined in (2) above, the rate of interest on Notes linked to or referencing any benchmark may 
cease to be determined by reference to the original benchmark which is used to determine the rate of 
interest applicable to those Notes, and instead be determined by reference to the Replacement Rate, 
even if the original benchmark continues to be published. Such rate may be lower than the original 
"benchmark" rate for so long as that benchmark continues to be published, and the value of and return 
on the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Such fall-back arrangements include the possibility that the Reference Interest Rate could be 
determined by reference to a Replacement Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with or 
without the application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) and may 
include adjustments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
Replacement Rate, all as determined by an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) or the Issuer (as the case may be). An Adjustment Spread, if applied may be positive or 
negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and Holders arising as a result of the 
replacement of a Reference (Interest) Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an 
Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such Adjustment Spread may not be 
effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Holders. The use of a Replacement Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would if such benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Rate Replacement Event, no Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread 
or Replacement Rate Adjustments can be determined, the ultimate fall-back for the purposes of 
calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period will result in the Reference (Interest) 
Rate for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the same rate of interest 
being applied to the Notes until their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay 
a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, the Terms and 
Conditions may also allow the Issuer to make use of an early termination right available to it in these 
circumstances (in which case the risks described in the subsection entitled "Holders Are Exposed to

--- Page 32 ---
32 
the Risk of Early Redemption of the Notes" below apply). Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Replacement Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser, and the potential for 
further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fall-back provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, if the Rate of Interest payable under any Notes referencing or linked to a benchmark 
cannot be determined due to any reason other than a Rate Replacement Event certain fall-back 
provisions will apply with regard to interest determination. The application of these fall-back provisions 
could result in the same rate of interest being applied to the Notes until their maturity, effectively 
turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a 
fixed rate of interest. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or the reforms mentioned above in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing any benchmark. 
Holders Are Exposed to the Risk of Early Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Conditions. In 
addition, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (i) (optional call right) on one or several dates, (ii) if the relevant early redemption date does 
not fall earlier than 60 days (Two Months Par Call) or 90 days (Three Months Par Call) prior to the 
Maturity Date, or (iii) if 80 per cent. (or more) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been 
redeemed. In addition, the Issuer may be entitled to terminate any Floating Rate Notes to be issued 
under the Programme if a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments cannot be determined following a Rate Replacement Event, if so set out in the 
Conditions. 
An optional call right is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Notes. Prior to or during any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to 
an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early 
redemption his investment will have a lower yield than expected or even a negative yield, depending 
on the price at which such Holder purchased its Notes. In addition, the Holders may have to reinvest 
the funds they receive upon early redemption on less favourable conditions as compared to the 
original investment. 
The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
capital market has fallen and the Issuer's cost of any new borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
payable under the relevant Notes. In such case, an investor may only be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be 
expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market 
has increased. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right 
irrespective of market interest rates on the date of early redemption. Prospective investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time when they are deciding 
whether to invest in the Notes. 
Risks Associated with a Change of Control 
The Conditions may grant the Holders a right to require the Issuer to redeem the Notes early in case 
of a change of control, i.e. in case any person or persons acting in concert acquire more than 30 per 
cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. However, the Holders have no right to require the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes early in case affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer, Erich Sixt, relatives in direct line of 
Erich Sixt, his wife or the spouses of the relatives of Erich Sixt in direct line, a Sixt family trust 
(Familienstiftung) and/or any company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking,

--- Page 33 ---
33 
organisation, fund or other association controlled by any of the aforementioned persons, acquire more 
than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
While the right of early redemption allows Holders to disengage from their investment in the Notes, 
they will be exposed to the risk that – if they exercise their right to demand early redemption – their 
investment has a lower than expected yield or even a negative yield, depending on the price at which 
such Holder purchased its Notes. In addition, Holders may only be able to reinvest the amount 
received from the Issuer upon such early redemption on less favourable conditions as compared to 
the original investment. For Holders who do not exercise their right to demand early redemption upon 
the occurrence of such an early redemption event, payments made to other Holders and other 
creditors as a result of such event might increase the risks relating to the Issuer, in particular, with 
respect to the Issuer's liquidity and funding risks. Furthermore, it should be noted that the risk with 
respect to the Issuer's liquidity will increase if all Holders exercise their right to demand early 
redemption upon the occurrence of a change of control. 
Due to the definition of Change of Control used in the Conditions, there is the risk that an early 
redemption under other capital markets instruments with deviating definitions issued by the Issuer 
occurs or is possible whereas the Holders might not have a right of early redemption under the 
Conditions. This may result in the amount recoverable by the Holders in case of winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer being reduced and hence increase the risk of the Holders to suffer losses on 
their investment in the Notes. 
Risks in Connection with Majority Requirements to Trigger Termination Rights in Case of 
Events of Default 
§ 9 (4) of the Conditions provides that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding, unless certain other events of default have occurred. Under the German Act on 
Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen), even if a 
default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, this could be rescinded by majority resolution 
within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of 
such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have 
delivered default notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the 
occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices 
and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders. 
A Holder is Subject to the Risk of Being Outvoted by a Majority Resolution of the Holders  
If the Notes provide for resolutions of Holders, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a 
majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution properly adopted is binding on all 
Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the relevant Conditions may be 
amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
The Appointment of a Holders' Representative May Restrict a Holder's Right to Pursue and 
Enforce its Rights under the Conditions 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, it is possible that a Holder may 
be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the relevant Conditions against 
the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' Representative, who is then exclusively responsible to 
claim and enforce the rights of all Holders.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
3. Other Related Risks 
A Rating of Notes May not Adequately Reflect All Risks of the Investment in Such Notes 
At the date of this Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of the three bonds Sixt SE issued in 2016, 
2018 and 2020, respectively, has received a solicited rating from any independent credit rating 
agency. However, one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the 
Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended, (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated 
investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In addition, United Kingdom regulated investors are, in general, restricted under the CRA Regulation 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-United Kingdom credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by a United Kingdom credit rating agency or the relevant non-United Kingdom registered credit rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Risks in Connection with the Amount of Financial Indebtedness which the Issuer or Any of its 
Subsidiaries May Incur in the Future 
There is no restriction on the amount of financial indebtedness which the Issuer or its subsidiaries may 
issue. Such issuance of further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon 
winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and may increase the likelihood that 
the Issuer defers payments of principal or interest under the Notes. 
Risk of Structural Subordination 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed or secured by any of the 
subsidiaries of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, 
administration, reorganisation, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the 
Issuer, such subsidiaries will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt 
which such subsidiaries may have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their 
assets to the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Notes. Furthermore, while the Notes are unsecured, the Issuer is entitled to provide security for its 
financial or other indebtedness except for capital market indebtedness (subject to certain exceptions 
set out in the Terms and Conditions). Such transactions may reduce the amount recoverable by the 
Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer. See also the subsection below entitled "Risks in 
Connection with Negative Pledge and Borrowings not Classified as Capital Market Indebtedness". 
Risks in Connection with a Decrease of the Creditworthiness of the Issuer 
If, for example, because of the materialisation of any of the risks regarding the Issuer or the Group, the 
Issuer is less likely to be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall 
due, the market value of the Notes may suffer. In addition, even if the Issuer is not actually less likely 
to be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, market 
participants could nevertheless have a different perception. In addition, the market participants' 
estimation of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the same 
business areas as the Group could adversely change. If any of these risks occurs, third parties would 
only be willing to purchase Notes for a lower price than before the materialisation of the relevant risk. 
Under these circumstances, the market value of the Notes would decrease. 
A decrease of creditworthiness of the Issuer may also be related to changes in accounting standards. 
New or changed accounting standards may lead to adjustments in the relevant accounting positions of 
the Sixt Group. This might lead to a different perception of the market regarding Sixt Group's 
creditworthiness. 
Holders Are Subject to General Taxation Risks as a Result of the Investment in the Notes  
Potential investors should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or those of other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect 
to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. The aforementioned individual tax treatment of 
the Notes with regard to any potential investor may have an adverse impact on the return which any 
such potential investor may receive under the Notes. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offer May Conflict with 
Holders' Interests 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the 
Issuer in the ordinary course of business. For example, on 9 March 2021, Sixt SE as borrower and 
certain of the Dealers as initial lenders entered into a syndicated loan facility agreement with a 
revolving credit line in the aggregate amount of EUR 750 million. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, including 
potentially the Notes. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Incurring Indebtedness to Finance an Investment in the Notes Significantly Increases the Risk 
of a Loss 
If a loan is used to finance the acquisition of the Notes by a Holder and the Notes subsequently go into 
default, or if the trading price of the Notes diminishes significantly, the Holder may not only have to 
face a potential loss on its investment, but it will also have to repay the loan and pay interest thereon. 
A loan may significantly increase the risk of a loss. Potential investors should not assume that they will 
be able to repay the loan or pay interest thereon from the profits of a transaction. Instead, potential 
investors should assess their financial situation prior to an investment, as to whether they are able to 
pay interest on the loan, repay the loan on demand, and that they may suffer losses instead of 
realising gains. 
An Investment in the Notes Exposes Holders to the Risk of Inflation 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is reduced 
by inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on the Notes. If the inflation rate is 
equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
Transaction Costs/Charges 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees, and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the purchase or sale price of the Notes. These incidental 
costs may significantly reduce or eliminate any profit from holding the Notes. Credit institutions as a 
rule charge commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions, 
depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved 
in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign 
markets, Holders may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and 
expenses of such parties (third party costs). In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase 
of securities (direct costs), potential investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as 
custody fees). Potential investors should inform themselves about any additional costs incurred in 
connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS 
The Final Terms will specify that either (i) none of the Dealers and/or financial intermediaries, or (ii) 
only one Dealer or financial intermediary or several Dealers and/or financial intermediaries named in 
the relevant Final Terms ("Individual Consent"), or (iii) each of the Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary ("General Consent") subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes to be issued under 
the Programme is/are entitled to use this Prospectus for subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes. 
In case the Issuer has given its Individual Consent or General Consent to the use of this Prospectus, 
the following shall apply: 
The Final Terms will specify that (in the case of the Issuer's Individual Consent) only one or several 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries named in the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of the 
Issuer's General Consent) each of the Dealers and/or each financial intermediary subsequently 
reselling or finally placing the Notes to be issued under the Programme is/are entitled to use this 
Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of 
Germany and/or the Netherlands (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the subsequent resale 
or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, 
provided however, that this Prospectus is still valid. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the 
information given in this Prospectus also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of 
the relevant Notes for which it has given its Individual Consent or General Consent. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639).  
In the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer can determine further conditions attached to its consent which 
are relevant for the use of this Prospectus. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to use 
this Prospectus at any time, which withdrawal will be communicated to the relevant Dealers and/or 
relevant financial intermediaries. 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the offer at the time of that offer. 
In case the Issuer has given its Individual Consent to the use of this Prospectus any new information 
with respect to any Dealers and/or financial intermediaries unknown at the time this Prospectus was 
approved or the relevant Final Terms were filed with the relevant competent authority/authorities will 
be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639).  
In case the Issuer has given its General Consent to the use of this Prospectus any Dealer 
and/or any financial intermediary using this Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses 
this Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the website(s) set out above does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the Conditions applicable to each particular Tranche 
of Notes. These Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions") as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms as described below. 
Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions shall apply to each type of Notes, as set out below. The Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; and 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions in any of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms may determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further options 
contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating 
the relevant provisions of, and completing the relevant placeholders set out in Option I or Option II 
in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions 
alone shall constitute the Conditions (the "Integrated Conditions"). The Integrated Conditions 
shall be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. The Issuer 
shall document the Conditions in this way if the Notes shall be publicly offered, in whole or in part, 
or initially distributed, in whole or in part, to retail investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms may determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain 
further options contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes 
by making reference to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. The Final 
Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the 
Conditions. The Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be attached to 
each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
As set out above, the Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II shall be applicable to 
the individual issue of Notes. Each set of Terms and Conditions constituting Option I or Option II 
contains certain further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through 
instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which shall be determined by the 
Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer shall determine which options shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by making reference in the Final Terms to the 
relevant sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. If the Final Terms do not replicate or 
make reference to an alternative or optional provision (as set out in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions) such provision shall be deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall specify the information completing the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions, the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to have been completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text set out in the Final Terms shall be 
deemed to have been deleted from the Terms and Conditions. 
Binding Language 
The sets of Terms and Conditions have been prepared in the German and English language. The 
Conditions may be prepared (i) in the German language with an English language translation (in which 
case the German language version shall be binding), (ii) in the English language with a German 
language translation (in which case the English language version shall be binding), or (iii) in the 
English language only.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set forth below in 
two options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed 
interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
 
 
Each set of Conditions contains certain further options, which are characterised 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square 
brackets within the set of Conditions. 
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine whether Option I or Option II (including 
further options contained in these options, respectively) shall apply with respect to 
an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions of this 
option or by referring to the relevant provisions of this option. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no 
knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, 
this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the 
relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In case the Final 
Terms applicable 
to an individual 
issue only refer 
to the further 
options 
contained in 
Option I or 
Option II the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in 
the provisions of these Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions 
of the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Conditions; and all provisions of these Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Conditions, as 
required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at 
the registered office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are 
not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with 
Fixed Interest Rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Sixt SE (the "Issuer") 
are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. Any claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be 
represented by the relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)) of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to 
the extent that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered 
to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date 
of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of § 1 (3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including 
the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In 
case of more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] 
and any successor in such capacity. 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody

--- Page 42 ---
42 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
On an exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. (a) The Issuer undertakes, as long as Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts payable have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, 
 
 
(i) 
not to secure any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including 
any guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any real 
property lien, pledge of movable assets, other pledge or any other in rem 
encumbrances (such real property lien, pledge of movable assets, other 
pledge or any other in rem encumbrances, the "Encumbrances") of all or 
any part of its present or future assets and not to permit any such

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Encumbrances to subsist as security, and 
 
 
(ii) 
to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no Material Subsidiary 
secures any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any 
guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any 
Encumbrances of all or any part of its present or future assets or permits any 
such Encumbrances to subsist, 
 
 
without in each case at the same time, or before, having the Holders share 
equally and rateably in such Encumbrances as security for their claims under the 
Notes. 
 
 
(b) The restrictions of § 2 (2) (a) shall not apply to Encumbrances (i) which were 
created or will be created due to mandatory provisions of law or which were 
created or will be created in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits, or (ii) which were created or will be created in 
connection with asset-backed financings or factoring financings, or (iii) which 
exist on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Encumbrance was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such 
acquisition and that the amount secured by such Encumbrances is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant asset, or (iv) which 
serve the purposes of a renewal, extension or replacement of any 
Encumbrance pursuant to the foregoing (i) through (iii), or (v) securing 
claims under Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees or other 
indemnities assumed in respect thereof up to an aggregate amount of 
EUR 10,000,000. 
 
 
(c)  "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any existing or future obligation 
relating to borrowed money (no matter whether principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
securities which are or may be listed or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised 
securities 
exchange, 
and 
certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheine) or Schuldschein loans. 
 
 
"Material Subsidiaries" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) of which the 
Issuer directly or indirectly holds more than 50 per cent. of the capital or 
voting shares, and (ii) (a) whose net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) according to its 
most recent audited, unconsolidated annual financial statements (prepared 
in accordance with the relevant applicable Generally Accepted Accounting 
Practice/Principles (GAAP) or International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS), but without taking into account any net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) 
generated with affiliates) that have been used for the Issuer's latest audited 
consolidated financial statements represent at least 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) of the Issuer according to its most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)) or (b) whose total 
assets (Bilanzsumme) according to its most recent audited, unconsolidated 
annual financial statements (prepared in accordance with the relevant 
applicable Generally Accepted Accounting Practice/Principles (GAAP) or 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), after eliminating 
interests in subsidiaries and receivables from affiliated companies) that have 
been used for the Issuer's latest audited consolidated financial statements 
represent at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
(Bilanzsumme) of the Issuer according to its most recent audited 
consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)). 
To the extent revenue with respect to the sale of vehicles is, in accordance 
with IFRS, not recognised as net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) in the audited 
consolidated financial statements, revenue with respect to the sale of 
vehicles shall also be eliminated as net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) in the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
respective audited, unconsolidated annual financial statements. 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity on which the Issuer is able at present or will 
be able in the future, directly or indirectly, to exert controlling influence within 
the meaning of section 290 HGB. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum (the "Rate of Interest") from, and including, [insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Issue 
Date" 
or 
the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 
(1)). Interest shall be payable [In case there is more than one Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: [semi-annually] [annually]] in arrear on 
[insert Interest Payment Date(s)] [In case there are Interest Payment Dates 
in more than one year the following applies: in each year] ([In case there is 
more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: each such date, 
an] [In case there is only one Interest Payment Date the following applies: 
the] "Interest Payment Date"). [In case there is more than one Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: The first payment of interest shall be 
made on [insert first Interest Payment Date] and the last payment of interest 
shall be made on [insert last Interest Payment Date].] On [In case there is 
more than one Interest Payment Date the following applies: each] [In case 
there is only one Interest Payment Date the following applies: the] Interest 
Payment Date [In case of a short or long first Interest Period the following 
applies: other than the Interest Payment Date falling on [insert first Interest 
Payment Date] (the "First Interest Payment Date")] [In case of a short or long 
last Interest Period the following applies: [and] other than the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [insert last Interest Payment Date] (the "Last Interest 
Payment Date")] interest in the amount of [insert amount of interest per Note 
in the Specified Denomination] will be paid per Note in the Specified 
Denomination. [In case of a short or long first Interest Period the following 
applies: On the First Interest Payment Date an initial broken amount of interest in 
the amount of [insert initial broken amount of interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] [In 
case of a short or long last Interest Period the following applies: On the Last 
Interest Payment Date a final broken amount of interest in the amount of [insert 
final broken amount of interest per Note on the Last Interest Payment Date] 
will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
 
 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, 
and including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the 
Notes is required to be calculated for any period of time (other than in respect of 
the amount[s] of interest set out in paragraph (1) of this § 3), such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with the applicable market convention. 
                                                     
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
In case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), the 
following applies 
 
[1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
 
(1) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
below) that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the next Determination Date (including, where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the 
first Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where the 
final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first Determination 
Date falling after the final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
 
The number of determination dates per calendar year (each a "Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year] 
(each [insert date]).] 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day

--- Page 46 ---
46 
applies 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global 
Note representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, 
upon due certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the 
Notes would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as 
defined below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day (Following 
Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) 
on which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as 
defined in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has already been defined the following 
applies: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not already been defined the 
following applies: the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]]]. 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In case of Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described

--- Page 47 ---
47 
adjusted the 
following applies 
above), the amount of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In case of Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described 
above), the amount of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); [In case the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the 
Call Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium 
and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are 
redeemed at their principal amount the following applies: its principal 
amount] [otherwise insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the Specified Denomination, which shall not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
 
 
(a) Upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (c), if as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic 
of Germany (or in the event of the Issuer becoming subject to another tax 
jurisdiction pursuant to § 7 (3), the laws or regulations of such other tax 
jurisdiction) affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or 
any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of 
such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the 
judgment of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, at any time (subject to the 
provisions set out in subparagraph (b)) upon not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, on any date 
specified by it (the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), at the Final Redemption

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the Tax Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
(b) However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes was then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
 
(c) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iii) a statement summarising the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: 
(except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of the option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] 
in whole or in part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption 
Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to (but 
excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] 
days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, such partial redemption shall be 
effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Issuer ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: 
(except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of the option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] 
in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on the Call 
Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: 
Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
Months Par Call) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date ([In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call)" means the period from (and 
including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: three] months before the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on 
which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date ([In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
Months Par Call)").] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or purchased by any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes [in case Early

--- Page 50 ---
50 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control is 
applicable the following applies: (except for any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but not in part, on the 
Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption 
Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the 
Holders may 
demand the early 
redemption of 
their Notes in 
case of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, each Holder shall have 
the right to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes in whole or in part at their 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date (the "Put Redemption Option"). Such 
Put Redemption Option shall operate as set out in subparagraphs (b) to (c). 
In the event of the exercise of the Put Redemption Option, the Issuer shall 
have the right, at the Issuer's option, instead of redeeming all or any of the 
relevant Notes to purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or any of the 
relevant Notes each at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date within three days 
from the expiration of the Put Redemption Period. 
 
A "Change of Control" means the case that any Person or Persons acting 
in concert within the meaning of section 34 para. 2 of the German Securities 
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz; "WpHG") acquires or acquire Control 
of the Issuer after the Issue Date. 
 
 
"Control" means direct or indirect (within the meaning of section 34 WpHG) 
legal or beneficial ownership of ordinary shares carrying, in the aggregate, 
more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, 
joint venture, undertaking, association, organisation, fund, state or agency of 
a state, in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity, but 
excluding (i) affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer within the meaning of 
sections 15 through 18 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz; 
"AktG"), (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) his relatives in direct line, (iv) his wife or the 
spouses of his relatives in direct line, (v) a Sixt family trust (Familienstiftung) 
and/or (vi) any company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, organisation, fund or other association, in each case whether or 
not being a separate legal entity, controlled by any of the persons referred to 
in (ii) to (v) within the meaning of sections 15 through 18 AktG. 
 
 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after 
becoming aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control (a "Change of 
Control Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § [14], specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Redemption Option contained in this § 5 ([6]) (including the information 
relating to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent for purposes of

--- Page 51 ---
51 
subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) To exercise the Put Redemption Option, the Holder must deliver on any 
Business Day within the Put Redemption Period (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put Redemption Notice") 
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Holder wishes to exercise its Put Redemption Option by transferring such 
Notes to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Note(s) on the day which falls seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Redemption Period (the "Put Redemption Date") unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the customary procedures 
through the Clearing System. A Put Redemption Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
 
"Put Redemption Period" means (x) a period of 30 days after the Change 
of Control Notice was published, provided that no Interest Payment Date 
occurs within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice was 
published, and (y) if an Interest Payment Date occurs within the period of 30 
days after the Change of Control Notice was published, a period of 30 days 
after such Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [AND THE PAYING AGENT[S]] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s]. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial 
Paying Agent[s]] and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[]] 
 
 
[In case the Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying agent the following 
applies: The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent.] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] reserve[s] the right at any time to 
change [its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same 
city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent[s]] and to appoint another fiscal agent [or another [or additional] paying 
agent[s]]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of 
Notes listed on a stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long 
as the Notes are listed on the [insert name of relevant stock exchange], a 
paying agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [insert 
location of relevant stock exchange or country in which the relevant stock 
exchange is located] and/or in such other places as may be required by any 
applicable rules] [In case of payments in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] 
[and] ([iii]) if payments at or through the offices of all paying agents outside the 
United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in United States Dollars, and provided 
further, such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer, a paying 
agent with a specified office in New York City]. The Issuer will give notice to the 
Holders at any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon 
as possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment

--- Page 52 ---
52 
and such other change.  
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] act[s] 
solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the paying agent[s] and the Holders and, in the absence of 
the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments Without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of 
the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (hereinafter together "Withholding 
Taxes"), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
(2) Payment of Additional Amounts. If any withholding or deduction with respect 
to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") of principal and interest 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would 
otherwise have been received by the Holders in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction. No such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties: 
 
 
(a) which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest to be made by it, or 
 
 
(b) which are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, personal 
or business connections with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) which are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the 
payment could have been made by another paying agent without such 
withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(d) which must be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any EU Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which 
the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(e) where a Holder or a third party acting on behalf of a Holder could have 
lawfully avoided (but has not so avoided) such withholding or deduction by 
complying or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with 
any statutory requirements (in particular, the applicable information and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the 
Holder) or by making or procuring that any such third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence, or by making any other claim for exemption to 
any tax authority; or 
 
 
(f) 
which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective later 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due 
or, if this takes place later, is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § [14]. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied in the 
Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date 
at 
the 
level 
of 
the 
custodian 
bank 
plus 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, do not constitute a tax or duty as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
In case that due to a change in law the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of 
the Issue Date at the level of the custodian bank plus the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, have to be levied at the level of 
the Issuer in the future, these, too, do not constitute a tax or duty as described 
above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
 
 
(3) Other Tax Jurisdiction. If at any time the Issuer becomes subject to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, the currently relevant taxing jurisdiction of 
the Issuer, references in this § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
read and construed as references to the jurisdiction then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
 
 
(4) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable 
under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for 
the payment of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any 
associated regulations or other official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any 
treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other country 
which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the "Foreign 
Provisions"); (c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and any other country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions 
(an "Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement regarding the 
implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. 
Provisions, Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). 
The Issuer will not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or 
on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary 
in compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. If an Event of Default occurs after the Issue Date, each

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Holder shall be entitled (subject to the provisions of § 9 (3) and § 9 (4)) to declare 
due and payable, by submitting a notice pursuant to § 9 (2), its claims arising 
from the Notes and demand immediate redemption at the principal amount 
thereof together with any unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption. Each of the following is an "Event of Default":  
 
 
(i) 
The Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days after 
a payment in respect of the Notes is due. 
 
 
(ii) 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder. 
 
 
(iii) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil one or more payment 
obligations to a third party in an aggregate amount of more than 
Euro 25,000,000, arising from (i) any Financial Indebtedness, or (ii) from a 
guarantee or surety provided in respect of Financial Indebtedness of a third 
party, within 30 days after its due date or, in the event of a surety or 
guarantee, within 30 days after claims have been asserted under such 
surety or guarantee in writing, or such Financial Indebtedness is accelerated 
in a corresponding amount due to the occurrence of an event of default and 
not paid within five Business Days after its due date. 
 
 
(iv) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts when due 
(zahlungsunfähig) (within the meaning of section 17 of the German 
Insolvency Code (the "InsO")) or over-indebted (überschuldet) (within the 
meaning of section 19 InsO) or ceases to make payments in general or the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary files a petition for the opening of insolvency 
proceedings for the reasons stated in sections 17 through 19 InsO or the 
competent court takes one of the measures provided for in section 21 InsO 
or insolvency proceedings are opened over the assets of the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary. 
 
 
(v) The Issuer goes into liquidation, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger or another form of combination with another company or in 
connection with a reorganisation and such other or new company assumes 
essentially all assets and liabilities of the Issuer, including all obligations 
assumed by the Issuer in connection with these Notes. 
 
 
(vi) The Issuer ceases all of its business operations. 
 
 
(vii) The Issuer sells all of its assets or a substantial part thereof outside the 
ordinary course of business to a third party in a single transaction or in a 
series of transactions which are related (except intra-group transfers to any 
Subsidiary (or Subsidiaries) of the Issuer, as a result of which (x) the value 
of its assets (at a group level) is considerably diminished and (y) it becomes 
likely that the Issuer will no longer be able to fulfil its payment obligations 
under the Notes to the Holders. 
 
 
(viii) In the case of a substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1) any 
of the events set forth in subparagraphs (iii) to (vii) above occurs in respect 
of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" within the meaning of this § 9 (1) means any payment 
obligation arising from (i) a Capital Market Indebtedness, (ii) monies borrowed on 
the basis of loans, or (iii) borrowings provided by a credit institution. 
 
 
(2) Notices Declaring Notes Due and other Notices. A notice declaring Notes due 
or other notices pursuant to this § 9 are irrevocable and must be made in 
accordance with § [14] ([]).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(3) Cure. The right to declare Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in § 9 (1) (i) or § 9 (1) (iv) to § 9 (1) (vi) has occurred, 
become effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received such notices declaring 
Notes due from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in total. In the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1), the provisions of this § 9 
(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis where any of the events set forth in § 9 (1) (iii) 
and/or § 9 (1) (vii) occurs in respect of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall without the consent of the Holders be entitled at 
any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company of which more than 90 
per cent. of the shares carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by 
the Issuer, as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Issuer"), provided that: 
 
 
(i) 
the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Substitute Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties to be withheld at source and to transfer the amounts which are 
required therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions, and that in par-
ticular all necessary authorisations to this effect by any authority of its 
country have been obtained, and 
 
 
(iii) the Substitute Issuer undertakes to reimburse each Holder for all taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon a Holder as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligation by the Substitute Issuer and which the 
Holders would not have to bear without the substitution of the Issuer, and 
 
 
(iv) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations so to 
be assumed by the Substitute Issuer, and 
 
 
(v) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) to (iv) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice of Substitution. Any such substitution shall be notified in accordance 
with § [14]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Issuer and any reference in § 5 (2) and § 7 to the Federal Republic of 
Germany shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) and § 7 (2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic 
of Germany shall be deemed to have been included (in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer); and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) and § 9 (1) (iii) to (vii) an alternative reference to the 
Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference to the Substitute Issuer). 
 
 
§ 11 
POSITIVE COVENANT 
 
 
The Issuer undertakes to the extent permitted by law, in particular by exercising 
its voting rights at its Material Subsidiaries, to procure that the annual net income 
and the balance sheet profit respectively of its Material Subsidiaries are 
distributed to the Issuer at least in an amount necessary to settle the relevant 
payment claims of the Holders against the Issuer. The Issuer further undertakes 
to the extent permitted by law, in particular by exercising its voting rights at its 
Material Subsidiaries, to procure that existing capital reserves and revenue 
reserves of its Material Subsidiaries are dissolved to the extent permitted by law 
as far as necessary to settle the relevant payment claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer. 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das 
"SchVG")) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in paragraph (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be 
binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are 
not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken 
without a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 
paragraph 4, sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative")

--- Page 57 ---
57 
shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of 
its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [13] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these 
Notes in all respects (except for, as applicable, the issue date, interest 
commencement date, first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [14] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so require, all notices concerning the Notes shall also be published in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following 
the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to paragraph (1) is not required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the 
media set forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day following 
the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly

--- Page 58 ---
58 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
given on the seventh day following the date on which such notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered or 
transmitted in text form (Textform) in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer). The Holder shall 
provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such 
evidence may be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing System or the 
Custodian (as defined below) with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such notice is 
given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ [15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In 
case the provisions of the SchVG shall apply the following applies: , subject 
to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect 
of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) 
and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the 
Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights 
under these Notes also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law 
in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [16] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The English language translation shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The German language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with 
Floating Interest Rates  
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Sixt SE (the "Issuer") 
are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented 
by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without 
coupons. Any claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be 
represented by the relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)) of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made 
to the extent that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been 
delivered to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) 
(other than certain financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes 
through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of 
such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the Issue Date of the Temporary Global Note will be 
treated as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
this subparagraph (b) of § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In 
case of more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] 
and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall 
be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
an ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in 
respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
On an exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. (a) The Issuer undertakes, as long as Notes are 
outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts payable have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, 
 
 
(i) 
not to secure any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including 
any guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any real 
property lien, pledge of movable assets, other pledge or any other in rem 
encumbrances (such real property lien, pledge of movable assets, other 
pledge or any other in rem encumbrances, the "Encumbrances") of all or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
any part of its present or future assets and not to permit any such 
Encumbrances to subsist as security, and 
 
 
(ii) to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no Material Subsidiary 
secures any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any 
guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any 
Encumbrances of all or any part of its present or future assets or permits any 
such Encumbrances to subsist, 
 
 
without in each case at the same time, or before, having the Holders share 
equally and rateably in such Encumbrances as security for their claims under the 
Notes. 
 
 
(b) The restrictions of § 2 (2) (a) shall not apply to Encumbrances (i) which were 
created or will be created due to mandatory provisions of law or which were 
created or will be created in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits, or (ii) which were created or will be created in 
connection with asset-backed financings or factoring financings, or (iii) which 
exist on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Encumbrance was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such 
acquisition and that the amount secured by such Encumbrances is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant asset, or (iv) which 
serve the purposes of a renewal, extension or replacement of any 
Encumbrance pursuant to the foregoing (i) through (iii), or (v) securing 
claims under Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees or other 
indemnities assumed in respect thereof up to an aggregate amount of 
EUR 10,000,000. 
 
 
(c) "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any existing or future obligation 
relating to borrowed money (no matter whether principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
securities which are or may be listed or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised 
securities 
exchange, 
and 
certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheine) or Schuldschein loans. 
 
 
"Material Subsidiaries" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) of which the 
Issuer directly or indirectly holds more than 50 per cent. of the capital or 
voting shares, and (ii) (a) whose net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) according to 
its most recent audited, unconsolidated annual financial statements 
(prepared in accordance with the relevant applicable Generally Accepted 
Accounting Practice/Principles (GAAP) or International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS), but without taking into account any net turnover 
(Umsatzerlöse) generated with affiliates) that have been used for the 
Issuer's latest audited consolidated financial statements represent at least 
10 per cent. of the consolidated net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) of the Issuer 
according to its most recent audited consolidated financial statements 
(prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS)) or (b) whose total assets (Bilanzsumme) according to its most 
recent audited, unconsolidated annual financial statements (prepared in 
accordance with the relevant applicable Generally Accepted Accounting 
Practice/Principles (GAAP) or International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS)), after eliminating interests in subsidiaries and receivables from 
affiliated companies) that have been used for the Issuer's latest audited 
consolidated financial statements represent at least 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets (Bilanzsumme) of the Issuer according to its most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)). 
To the extent revenue with respect to the sale of vehicles is, in accordance 
with IFRS, not recognised as net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) in the audited 
consolidated financial statements, revenue with respect to the sale of 
vehicles shall also be eliminated as net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) in the

--- Page 63 ---
63 
respective audited, unconsolidated annual financial statements. 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity on which the Issuer is able at present or will 
be able in the future, directly or indirectly, to exert controlling influence within 
the meaning of section 290 HGB. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, and including, [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Issue Date" or 
the "Interest Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5 (1)). Interest on the Notes shall be payable [quarterly] [semi-
annually] [annually] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as defined below). 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Payment Dates 
the following 
applies 
 
[each [insert specified Interest Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date].] 
 
 
 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Periods the 
following applies 
 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided for in these Conditions) falls 
[insert relevant number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified Interest 
Period] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date [(being [insert first Interest Payment Date])], after the 
Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4). 
In case 
interpolation 
applies the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Rate (as defined below) [In 
case of a Margin the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
 
"Reference Rate" means, except as provided below, in respect of (i) the [in case 
of a short first Interest Period the following applies: short first Interest Period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first 
Interest Payment Date] [in case of a long first Interest Period the following 
applies: 
long 
first 
Interest 
Period 
from, 
and 
including, 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date] [in case 
of a short last Interest Period the following applies: short last Interest Period 
from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date)] [in case of a long last Interest Period the 
following applies: long last Interest Period from, and including, the last Interest 
Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date] the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation between the [insert first relevant 
Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] (as defined below) and the [insert 
second relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] (as defined 
below), and (ii) all other Interest Periods the [insert relevant Reference Interest 
Rate (including its term) which shall apply to all Interest Periods to which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) (together with the reference 
interest rate for the [short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period the "Reference

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest Rate"), in each case expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum. 
 
The [insert first relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] [,] [and] 
the [insert second relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] [[,] 
[and] the [in case the relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to 
all Interest Periods to which interpolation shall not apply is different from 
the first and the second relevant Reference Interest Rate, insert such 
Reference Interest Rate (including its term)]] shall be in each case the rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined 
below) as of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] 
[insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
In case 
interpolation 
does not apply, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the following shall apply: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 
(1). 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as provided below, the [insert relevant 
Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] (as defined below), expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum. 
 
The "[insert relevant Reference Interest Rate]" shall be the rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [11.00 
a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) on the Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and from, 
and including, each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] [insert other relevant number 
of days] [day] [Business Day] [(as defined in § 1 (6)] [prior to the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest Period. [if a definition is 
required, which differs from the general Business Day definition, the 
following shall apply: For the purposes of this paragraph (2) only, "Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which [[in case 
TARGET has been already defined the following shall apply: TARGET] [in 
case TARGET has not already been defined the following shall apply: the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
2 ("TARGET")] is open] [[and] commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [London] [insert all relevant 
financial centres].] 
In case of Notes, 
which have a 
margin which 
does not change 
the following 
applies 
 
["Margin" means [insert rate] per cent. per annum.]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which have a 
margin which 
changes the 
following applies 
 
["Margin" means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
from, and including, 
to, but excluding, 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Margin] per 
cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
 
"Screen Page" means (i) [insert relevant Screen Page], or (ii) such other display 
page as may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert 
relevant information vendor], or (iii) the display page of such other service as 
may be nominated by the Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
vendor for the purpose of displaying the relevant rate. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is cancelled or unavailable or if the [in case interpolation 
applies, the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate does not 
appear as at such time on the relevant Determination Day on the Screen Page 
and provided that no Rate Replacement Event pursuant to § 3 ([8]) has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) at which it offers deposits in the Specified Currency with a term 
corresponding with the term of the [in case interpolation applies, the following 
applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount (as defined below) to 
prime banks in the [London] [insert other relevant financial centre] interbank 
market [of the Euro-zone (as defined below)] at approximately [11.00 a.m.] 
[insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) on the Determination Day. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case interpolation 
applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
one [if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR the following applies: 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005] [if the Reference Interest Rate is 
not EURIBOR the following applies: hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005] being rounded upwards) of such rates, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Determination Day only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such rates as specified in the preceding paragraph, the 
[in case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference 
Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one [if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR the 
following applies: thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005] [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR the following applies: hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005] being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by major 
banks in [insert relevant financial centre] [the [insert relevant financial 
centre] interbank market [of the Euro-zone]], selected by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, as at approximately [11.00 a.m.] 
[insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) on the [Determination Day] [first day of the relevant 
Interest Period] loans in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with 
the term of the [in case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate, commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount to leading European banks. If the [in 
case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the [in case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate shall be the rate on the Screen Page, as described 
above, on the last day preceding the Determination Day on which such rate

--- Page 66 ---
66 
appeared. 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means [[four] [insert other relevant number] major banks in 
the [London] [insert other relevant financial centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone]] [in case Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, insert 
the names of such Reference Banks]. 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
In case of the 
Interbank market 
of the Euro-zone 
the following 
applies 
 
["Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the EU that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the Euro as single 
currency.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
In case a 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, 
and including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
([5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon 
as practicable after each date at which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, calculate the amount of interest payable under the Notes in respect of 
the Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below) and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with the applicable market convention. 
 
 
([6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent 
will cause the Interest Period, the Rate of Interest, the amount of interest and the 
Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer, 
                                                     
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, if so 
required by the rules of such stock exchange, and to the Holders in accordance 
with § [14] as soon as possible after their determination. Each amount of interest 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are from 
time to time listed and to the Holders in accordance with § [14]. 
 
 
([7]) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent or 
any Independent Adviser shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents and 
the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, any paying agents or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation 
Agent or any Independent Adviser in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
([8]) (a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to a 
Determination Day, the Relevant Determining Party shall determine and inform 
the Issuer, if relevant, and the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) 
the Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments for 
purposes of determining the Reference Interest Rate in respect of the Interest 
Period related to that Determination Day and each Interest Period thereafter 
(subject to the subsequent occurrence of any further Rate Replacement Event). 
These Conditions shall be amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with 
effect from (and including) the relevant Determination Day (including any 
amendment of such Determinaton Day if so provided by the Replacement Rate 
Adjustments). The Reference Interest Rate shall then be the Replacement Rate 
(as defined below) adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any: 
 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § [14] without undue delay after 
such determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment Spread, if any, and 
the Replacement Rate Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no consent or 
approval of any Holder shall be required for the Replacement Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments to become 
effective. 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer may request the [in case CBF is the relevant Clearing 
System the following applies: Clearing System] [in case CBL and Euroclear 
are the relevant clearing systems and in case the Global Note is a CGN the 
following applies: common depositary of the ICSDs] [in case CBL and 
Euroclear are the relevant clearing systems and in case the Global Note is 
an NGN the following applies: common safekeeper of the ICSDs] to supplement 
or amend these Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments by 
attaching the documents submitted to the Global Note in an appropriate manner. 
 
 
(b) Definitions. 
 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant 
Determining Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement Rate 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of 
economic value between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise arise as 
a result of the replacement of the Reference Interest Rate against the 
Replacement Rate (including, but not limited to, as a result of the Replacement 
Rate being a risk-free rate). In determining the Adjustment Spread, the Relevant 
Guidance shall be taken into account.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
"Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, alternative 
or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or contracts, 
including the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such financial 
instruments or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of interest. In 
determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 
"Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to these Conditions 
as are determined consequential to enable the operation of the Replacement Rate 
(which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Determination Day, the Day Count 
Fraction and any methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). In determining any Replacement Rate Adjustments, the 
Relevant Guidance shall be taken in account. 
 
 
"Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to the Reference Interest Rate 
(or for the purpose of this § 3 ([8]) (a) and (b), the Replacement Rate, as the case 
may be) each of the following events: 
 
 
(i) the Reference Interest Rate not having been published on the Screen Page for 
the last ten Business Days prior to and including the relevant Determination Day; 
or 
 
 
(ii) the Reference Interest Rate having ceased to be representative or an industry 
accepted rate for debt market instruments such as, or comparable to, the Notes; 
or 
 
 
(iii) a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
that (x) the administrator will cease to publish the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue the publication of the Reference Interest 
Rate), or (y) the Reference Interest Rate will permanently or indefinitely be 
discontinued; or 
 
 
(iv) a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Reference Interest Rate, the central bank for the Specified Currency, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Interest 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Reference Interest Rate or a court (in case of an unappealable final decision) or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the Reference Interest Rate that the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
will cease to provide the Reference Interest Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue the publication of the Reference Interest Rate); or 
 
 
(v) a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
that the Reference Interest Rate will be prohibited from being used; or 
 
 
(vi) a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate 
that the methodology of determining the Reference Interest Rate will change 
materially, 
 
 
provided that the Rate Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur (a), in the 
case of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, on the date of the cessation of the 
Reference Interest Rate or the discontinuation of the Reference Interest Rate or, 
(b) in the case of (v) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Reference 
Interest Rate, or (c) in the case of (vi) above, on the date with effect from which 
the methodology of determining the Reference Interest Rate will change 
materially.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
"Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i) the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without 
any reasonable doubt determinable by a Holder; or 
 
 
(ii) failing which, an Independent Adviser, to be appointed by the Issuer at 
commercially reasonable terms, using reasonable endeavours, as its agent to 
make such determinations. 
 
 
"Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement applicable 
to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable requirement, 
recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, (iii) any 
relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including by ISDA), or, 
if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i) the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Interest Rate 
or the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or convened by 
or chaired or co-chaired by (w) the central bank for the Specified Currency, (x) any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Interest Rate or the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, (y) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisors or (z) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or any other independent adviser of recognised standing and with 
appropriate expertise. 
 
 
(c) Fallback Provision. In case the Issuer may terminate the Notes the 
following applies: and Termination]. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined by 
the Relevant Determining Party pursuant to § 3 ([8]) (a) and (b), the Issuer will 
inform the Calculation Agent thereof and the Reference Interest Rate in respect of 
the relevant Determination Day shall be the Reference Interest Rate determined 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period. [In case the Issuer may terminate 
the Notes the following applies: In this case, the Issuer may, upon not less than 
15 days' notice given to the Holders in accordance with § [14], redeem all, and not 
only some of the Notes at any time up and until (but excluding) the respective 
subsequent Determination Day at the Final Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective redemption date.] 
 
 
([9]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period") 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon 
presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global 
Note representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, 
upon due certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the 
Notes would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as 
defined below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due 
date for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day 
which is a Payment Business Day (Modified Following Business Day 
Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Floating Rate 
Note Business 
Day Convention 
the following 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due 
date for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (i) the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day 
which is a Payment Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date (if applicable) shall be the last Payment Business Day in the month which 
falls [[insert relevant number] [months] [insert other specified Interest

--- Page 71 ---
71 
applies 
Period]] after the preceding Interest Payment Date (if applicable) (Floating Rate 
Note Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day (Following 
Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) 
on which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as 
defined in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial 
centres]] [[and] [in case TARGET has already been defined the following 
applies: TARGET] [in case TARGET has not already been defined the 
following applies: the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open]]]. 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
and Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: brought 
forward] [or] [In case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention and Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described above), the 
amount of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention 
and Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: brought 
forward] [or] [In case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention and Following Business Day 
Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described above), the 
amount of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision shall be without prejudice 
to any adjustment made to a payment of interest pursuant to the foregoing 
sentence. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); [In case the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the 
Call Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium 
and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7) which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on [in the case of a specified Maturity Date insert such 
Maturity Date] [in the case of a Redemption Month insert: the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [insert Redemption Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). The 
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the 
Notes are redeemed at their principal amount the following applies: its 
principal amount] [otherwise insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Specified Denomination, which shall not be less than the 
principal amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
 
 
(a) Upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (c), if as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic 
of Germany (or in the event of the Issuer becoming subject to another tax 
jurisdiction pursuant to § 7 (3), the laws or regulations of such other tax 
jurisdiction) affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or 
any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of 
such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the 
judgment of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, on any Interest Payment 
Date (subject to the provisions set out in subparagraph (b)) upon not less 
than 30 days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the 
Holders, on any date specified by it (the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), at 
the Final Redemption Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but 
excluding) the Tax Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
(b) However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes was then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
 
(c) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iii) a statement summarising the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b),

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: 
(except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of the option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] 
in whole or in part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption 
Amount[s] set forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to (but 
excluding) the [relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)]  
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] 
days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if 
in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, such partial redemption shall be 
effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: 
Such partial redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and 
Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: 
(except for any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of the option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] 
in whole, but not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on the Call 
Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: 
Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
Months Par Call) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date ([In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call)" means the period from (and 
including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: three] months before the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on 
which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date ([In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case 
the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] 
Months Par Call)").] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or purchased by any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance 
with subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes [in case Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control is 
applicable the following applies: (except for any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but not in part, on the 
Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of 
the Notes) at the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes). 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [14], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption 
Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes)").]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
In case the 
Holders may 
demand the early 
redemption of 
their Notes in 
case of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, each Holder shall have 
the right to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes in whole or in part at their 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the Put Redemption Date (the "Put Redemption Option"). Such 
Put Redemption Option shall operate as set out in subparagraphs (b) to (c). 
In the event of the exercise of the Put Redemption Option, the Issuer shall 
have the right, at the Issuer's option, instead of redeeming all or any of the 
relevant Notes to purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or any of the 
relevant Notes each at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date within three days 
from the expiration of the Put Redemption Period. 
 
A "Change of Control" means the case that any Person or Persons acting 
in concert within the meaning of section 34 para. 2 of the German Securities 
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz; "WpHG") acquires or acquire Control 
of the Issuer after the Issue Date. 
 
 
"Control" means direct or indirect (within the meaning of section 34 WpHG 
legal or beneficial ownership of ordinary shares carrying, in the aggregate, 
more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, 
joint venture, undertaking, association, organisation, fund, state or agency 
of a state, in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity, but 
excluding (i) affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer within the meaning of 
sections 15 through 18 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz; 
"AktG"), (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) his relatives in direct line, (iv) his wife or the 
spouses of his relatives in direct line, (v) a Sixt family trust (Familienstiftung) 
and/or (vi) any company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
undertaking, organisation, fund or other association, in each case whether 
or not being a separate legal entity, controlled by any of the persons 
referred to in (ii) to (v) within the meaning of sections 15 through 18 AktG. 
 
 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after 
becoming aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control (a "Change 
of Control Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § [14], specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Redemption Option contained in this § 5 ([6]) (including the information 
relating to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent for purposes of 
subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) To exercise the Put Redemption Option, the Holder must deliver on any 
Business Day within the Put Redemption Period (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put Redemption Notice") 
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Holder wishes to exercise its Put Redemption Option by transferring such 
Notes to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Note(s) on the day which falls seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Redemption Period (the "Put Redemption Date") unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the customary procedures 
through the Clearing System. A Put Redemption Notice, once given, shall 
be irrevocable. 
 
 
"Put Redemption Period" means (x) a period of 30 days after the Change 
of Control Notice was published, provided that no Interest Payment Date 
occurs within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice was

--- Page 76 ---
76 
published, and (y) if an Interest Payment Date occurs within the period of 30 
days after the Change of Control Notice was published, a period of 30 days 
after such Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [, THE PAYING AGENT[S]] AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent [and] [the initial 
Paying Agent[s]] and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices 
shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[]] 
 
 
[In case the Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying agent the following 
applies: The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent.] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent reserve the 
right at any time to change their specified offices to some other specified offices 
in the same city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [, the Paying 
Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent and to appoint another fiscal agent [,another 
[or additional] paying agent[s]] or another calculation agent. The Issuer shall at 
all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed on a stock 
exchange the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on 
the [insert name of relevant stock exchange], a paying agent (which may be 
the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [insert location of relevant stock 
exchange or country in which the relevant stock exchange is located] 
and/or in such other places as may be required by any applicable rules] [In case 
of payments in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] ([iii]) if payments at 
or through the offices of all paying agents outside the United States (as defined in 
§ 1) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States Dollars, and provided further, such payment is then 
permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer, a paying agent with a specified office in 
New York City] [In case a calculation agent shall be appointed the following 
applies: [and] ([iv]) a calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is 
required to maintain a specified office in a required location the following 
applies: with a specified office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer 
will give notice to the Holders at any variation, termination, appointment or any 
other change as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, 
termination, appointment and such other change. 
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal 
Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the paying agent[s] and the Holders and, in the absence of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments Without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts 
payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of 
the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax (hereinafter together "Withholding 
Taxes"), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
(2) Payment of Additional Amounts. If any withholding or deduction with respect 
to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") of principal and 
interest as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been received by the Holders in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. No such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties: 
 
 
(a) which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest to be made by it, or 
 
 
(b) which are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, personal 
or business connections with the Federal Republic of Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) which are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the 
payment could have been made by another paying agent without such 
withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(d) which must be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any EU Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any 
international treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which 
the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 
(e) where a Holder or a third party acting on behalf of a Holder could have 
lawfully avoided (but has not so avoided) such withholding or deduction by 
complying or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with 
any statutory requirements (in particular, the applicable information and 
reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of 
the Holder) or by making or procuring that any such third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence, or by making any other claim for exemption to 
any tax authority; or 
 
 
(f) 
which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective later 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due 
or, if this takes place later, is duly provided for and notice thereof is 
published in accordance with § [14].

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied in the 
Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date 
at 
the 
level 
of 
the 
custodian 
bank 
plus 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, do not constitute a tax or duty as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
In case that due to a change in law the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
levied in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of 
the Issue Date at the level of the custodian bank plus the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, have to be levied at the level of 
the Issuer in the future, these, too, do not constitute a tax or duty as described 
above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
 
 
(3) Other Tax Jurisdiction. If at any time the Issuer becomes subject to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, the currently relevant taxing jurisdiction of 
the Issuer, references in this § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
read and construed as references to the jurisdiction then applicable to the Issuer 
and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
 
 
(4) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable 
under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for 
the payment of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to 
(a) sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any 
associated regulations or other official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any 
treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other country 
which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the "Foreign 
Provisions"); (c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United States 
and any other country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions 
(an "Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement regarding the 
implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. 
Provisions, Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). 
The Issuer will not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or 
on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary 
in compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in § 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German Civil 
Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. If an Event of Default occurs after the Issue Date, each 
Holder shall be entitled (subject to the provisions of § 9 (3) and § 9 (4)) to declare 
due and payable, by submitting a notice pursuant to § 9 (2), its claims arising 
from the Notes and demand immediate redemption at the principal amount 
thereof together with any unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption. Each of the following is an "Event of Default": 
 
 
(i) 
The Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days after 
a payment in respect of the Notes is due.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(ii) 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the 
Fiscal Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder. 
 
 
(iii) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil one or more payment 
obligations to a third party in an aggregate amount of more than 
Euro 25,000,000, arising from (i) any Financial Indebtedness, or (ii) from a 
guarantee or surety provided in respect of Financial Indebtedness of a third 
party, within 30 days after its due date or, in the event of a surety or 
guarantee, within 30 days after claims have been asserted under such 
surety or guarantee in writing, or such Financial Indebtedness is accelerated 
in a corresponding amount due to the occurrence of an event of default and 
not paid within five Business Days after its due date. 
 
 
(iv) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts when due 
(zahlungsunfähig) (within the meaning of section 17 of the German 
Insolvency Code (the "InsO")) or over-indebted (überschuldet) (within the 
meaning of section 19 InsO) or ceases to make payments in general or the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary files a petition for the opening of 
insolvency proceedings for the reasons stated in sections 17 through 19 
InsO or the competent court takes one of the measures provided for in 
section 21 InsO or insolvency proceedings are opened over the assets of 
the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary. 
 
 
(v) The Issuer goes into liquidation, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger or another form of combination with another company or in 
connection with a reorganisation and such other or new company assumes 
essentially all assets and liabilities of the Issuer, including all obligations 
assumed by the Issuer in connection with these Notes. 
 
 
(vi) The Issuer ceases all of its business operations. 
 
 
(vii) The Issuer sells all of its assets or a substantial part thereof outside the 
ordinary course of business to a third party in a single transaction or in a 
series of transactions which are related (except intra-group transfers to any 
Subsidiary (or Subsidiaries) of the Issuer, as a result of which (x) the value 
of its assets (at a group level) is considerably diminished and (y) it becomes 
likely that the Issuer will no longer be able to fulfil its payment obligations 
under the Notes to the Holders. 
 
 
(viii) In the case of a substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1) any 
of the events set forth in subparagraphs (iii) to (vii) above occurs in respect 
of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" within the meaning of this § 9 (1) means any payment 
obligation arising from (i) a Capital Market Indebtedness, (ii) monies borrowed on 
the basis of loans, or (iii) borrowings provided by a credit institution. 
 
 
(2) Notices Declaring Notes Due and other Notices. A notice declaring Notes due 
or other notices pursuant to this § 9 are irrevocable and must be made in 
accordance with § [14] ([]). 
 
 
(3) Cure. The right to declare Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is 
exercised. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in § 9 (1) (i) or § 9 (1) (iv) to § 9 (1) (vi) has occurred, 
become effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received such notices declaring

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Notes due from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in total. In the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1), the provisions of this § 9 
(4) shall apply mutatis mutandis where any of the events set forth in § 9 (1) (iii) 
and/or § 9 (1) (vii) occurs in respect of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall without the consent of the Holders be entitled at 
any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company of which more than 90 
per cent. of the shares carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned 
by the Issuer, as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substitute Issuer"), provided that: 
 
 
(i) 
the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, and 
 
 
(ii) the Substitute Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties to be withheld at source and to transfer the amounts which are 
required therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions, and that in par-
ticular all necessary authorisations to this effect by any authority of its 
country have been obtained, and 
 
 
(iii) the Substitute Issuer undertakes to reimburse each Holder for all taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon a Holder as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligation by the Substitute Issuer and which the 
Holders would not have to bear without the substitution of the Issuer, and 
 
 
(iv) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations so to 
be assumed by the Substitute Issuer, and 
 
 
(v) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) to (iv) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice of Substitution. Any such substitution shall be notified in accordance 
with § [14]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in 
these Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Issuer and any reference in § 5 (2) and § 7 to the Federal Republic of 
Germany shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) and § 7 (2) an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been included (in addition to 
the reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile 
or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer); and 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) and § 9 (1) (iii) to (vii) an alternative reference to the 
Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included 
(in addition to the reference to the Substitute Issuer). 
 
 
§ 11 
POSITIVE COVENANT 
 
 
The Issuer undertakes to the extent permitted by law, in particular by exercising 
its voting rights at its Material Subsidiaries, to procure that the annual net income

--- Page 81 ---
81 
and the balance sheet profit respectively of its Material Subsidiaries are 
distributed to the Issuer at least in an amount necessary to settle the relevant 
payment claims of the Holders against the Issuer. The Issuer further undertakes 
to the extent permitted by law, in particular by exercising its voting rights at its 
Material Subsidiaries, to procure that existing capital reserves and revenue 
reserves of its Material Subsidiaries are dissolved to the extent permitted by law 
as far as necessary to settle the relevant payment claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer. 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das 
"SchVG")) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in paragraph (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be 
binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not 
provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented 
to 
their 
being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in § 5 (3) of the SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are 
not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken 
without a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18 
paragraph 4, sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of 
its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall

--- Page 82 ---
82 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 12 shall be made exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [13] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these 
Notes in all respects (except for, as applicable, the issue date, interest 
commencement date, first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be 
consolidated and form a single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [14] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the 
Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
If and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require, all notices concerning the Notes shall also be published in 
electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).] Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to paragraph (1) is not required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in 
the media set forth in paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing 
System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day following 
the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices 
concerning the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the seventh day following the date on which such notice was given to 
the Clearing System.] 
 
 
([]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered or 
transmitted in text form (Textform) in the German or English language to the

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer). The Holder shall 
provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such 
evidence may be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing System or the 
Custodian (as defined below) with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such notice is 
given, the Holder of the relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ [15] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In 
case the provisions of the SchVG shall apply, the following applies: , 
subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the 
Issuer, or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in 
its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement 
issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has 
given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to 
(a) and (b), and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing 
System, without the need for production in such Proceedings of the actual 
records or the Global Note representing the Notes. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of 
recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with 
which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is permitted under procedural law in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [16] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The English language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. 
The German language translation shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
Einführung 
 
Die 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Bedingungen") 
sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
"Option I" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
"Option II" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Jeder Satz an Bedingungen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz an Bedingungen oder 
in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes an Bedingungen gekennzeichnet sind. 
 
 In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen weiteren 
Optionen) für die jeweilige Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die maßgeblichen Angaben dieser Option wiederholt 
werden oder auf die maßgeblichen Bestimmungen dieser Option verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung dieses Prospekts keine Kenntnis 
von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, die in 
Option I oder 
Option II 
enthalten sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen 
so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser 
Bedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Bedingungen 
gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Bedingungen 
gestrichen, 
so 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle und bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
OPTION 
I 
– 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
Sixt 
SE 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
werden 
in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im 
Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1 (4)] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag 
in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte 
Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im 
Namen 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben 
und 
sind 
jeweils 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem 
vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Ausgabetag (wie in § 
3 (1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch 
darf nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Person(en), 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Unterabsatz (b) von 
§ 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (die 
Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet 
[Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers 
des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels 
in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist].

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und nicht 
besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im gleichen Rang untereinander 
und im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht 
nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin stehen, mit 
Ausnahme 
solcher 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen bevorrechtigt sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
geschuldeten Beträge der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
 
 
(i) 
keine 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
oder 
anderer 
dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen, durch Grund- und Mobiliarpfandrechte, 
sonstige Pfandrechte oder dingliche Sicherheiten (solche Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte und dingliche Sicherheiten, die 
"Dinglichen Sicherheiten") an der Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte zu besichern oder solche 
Dinglichen Sicherheiten als Sicherheit fortbestehen zu lassen, und 
 
 
(ii) 
soweit gesetzlich zulässig sicherzustellen, dass keine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien oder anderer dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen durch Dingliche Sicherheiten an der 
Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte besichert oder solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten fortbestehen 
lässt, 
 
 
ohne gleichzeitig oder zuvor die Gläubiger für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleichem Rang und Umfang an solchen Dinglichen 
Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu lassen. 
 
 
(b) Ausgenommen von den Beschränkungen in § 2 (2) (a) sind jedoch Dingliche 
Sicherheiten, (i) die aufgrund zwingender gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder als 
Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse bestellt wurden oder zu bestellen sind, oder (ii) die im Rahmen 
von Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder Factoring-Finanzierungen bestellt 
wurden oder bestellt werden, oder (iii) die zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von 
Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen Vermögenswerten bestehen, soweit 
solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten nicht im Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb 
oder in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Vermögenswerts bestellt 
wurden und der durch die Dinglichen Sicherheiten besicherte Betrag nicht 
nach Erwerb des betreffenden Vermögenswerts erhöht wird, oder (iv) die der 
Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder Ersetzung irgendeiner Dinglichen Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehenden (i) bis (iii) dienen, sowie (v) die Forderungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien 
oder anderer dafür übernommener Gewährleistungen bis zu einem 
aggregierten Gesamtbetrag in Höhe von Euro 10.000.000 besichern. 
 
 
(c)  "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
bestehende 
oder 
zukünftige Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) bezüglich Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, 
Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, 
und Schuldscheine oder Schuldscheindarlehen. 
 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, (i) an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Prozent des Kapitals oder der Stimmrechte hält und (ii) (a) deren 
Umsatzerlöse 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften, 
nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss (nach der/den jeweils anwendbaren Generally Accepted 
Accounting 
Practice/Principles 
(GAAP) 
bzw. 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS) jedoch ohne Berücksichtigung von 
Umsatzerlösen mit verbundenen Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des 
letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin benutzt wurde, 
mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Emittentin 
gemäß ihrem letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss (nach internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS)) betragen haben oder (b) deren 
Bilanzsumme 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften, 
nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss (nach der/den jeweils anwendbaren Generally Accepted 
Accounting 
Practice/Principles 
(GAAP) 
bzw. 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS) nach Eliminierung von Beteiligungen an 
Tochtergesellschaften 
und 
von 
Forderungen 
gegen 
verbundene 
Unternehmen), 
der 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin benutzt wurde, mindestens 10 Prozent 
der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin gemäß ihrem letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
(nach 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS)) betragen hat. 
 
 
Soweit Umsätze aus dem Verkauf von Fahrzeugen im geprüften 
Konzernabschluss gemäß IFRS nicht als Umsatzerlöse ausgewiesen 
werden, sind Umsätze aus dem Verkauf von Fahrzeugen auch im jeweiligen 
geprüften, nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss als Umsatzerlöse zu 
eliminieren. 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet die Gesellschaften, auf die die Emittentin 
gegenwärtig oder zukünftig unmittelbar oder mittelbar einen beherrschenden 
Einfluss im Sinne des § 290 HGB ausüben kann oder wird ausüben können. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage ihres ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Ausgabetag" 
oder 
der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) 
definiert) (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum (der "Zinssatz"). 
Die Zinsen sind [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich]] 
im 
Nachhinein 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] [Im Fall, dass es Zinszahlungstage in mehr 
als einem Jahr gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: eines jeden Jahres] zahlbar 
([Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils ein] [Im Fall, dass es nur einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: der] "Zinszahlungstag"). [Im Fall, dass es mehr als 
einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die erste Zinszahlung 
erfolgt am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und die letzte Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] An [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen 
Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: jedem] [Im Fall, dass es nur 
einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: dem] Zinszahlungstag 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: mit Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "erste Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] [Im Fall einer 
kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: [und] mit 
Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [letzten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] (der "letzte Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] werden Zinsen in Höhe von 
[Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung 
einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. [Im 
Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
An dem ersten Zinszahlungstag wird ein anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag in 
Höhe von [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung für

--- Page 90 ---
90 
den ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der 
festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. [Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen letzten 
Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: An dem letzten Zinszahlungstag wird 
ein 
abschließender 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
in 
Höhe 
von 
[abschließenden 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag 
je 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
den 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung 
gezahlt.] 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
(2) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlöst, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe 
des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlende Zinsbetrag für einen bestimmten Zeitraum zu berechnen ist (mit 
Ausnahme [des Zinsbetrags] [der Zinsbeträge], [der] [die] in Absatz (1) dieses § 
3 aufgeführt [ist] [sind]), erfolgt die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der 
Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, dieser Betrag mit dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus 
resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung 
gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in 
die 
das 
Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl der 
Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die 
das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
 
(2) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies 
schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
beginnt, und dann, wenn der letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin nach dem letzten 
                                                     
1  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder [Datum einfügen]).] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall 
von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der 
Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt (Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag handelt (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET 
noch nicht definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
geöffnet ist]]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Rückzahlung 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie 
in § 5 (1) angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben);] sowie jedes Aufgeld und sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung] [ansonsten den Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit (vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in Unterabsatz (b)) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen durch Erklärung gemäß Unterabsatz (c) gegenüber 
den Gläubigern kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden Tag (der 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Steuern)") 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Steuern) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze oder Vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland (oder für den Fall, dass die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 7 (3) einer anderen Steuerrechtsordnung unterworfen wird, der Gesetze 
oder Vorschriften dieser anderen Steuerrechtsordnung), die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher Art betreffen, oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Ausgabetag wirksam) am 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen der 
Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann, 
die nach Auffassung der Emittentin zumutbar sind. 
 
 
(b) Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
(c) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich

--- Page 94 ---
94 
und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:  
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
den Wahlrückzahlungstag (Steuern); und 
 
 
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird, 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wird 
die teilweise Rückzahlung in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
relevanten 
Clearingsystems 
durchgeführt. 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern 
von CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder 
als Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im 
Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] 
Months Par Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: drei] Monate vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months 
Par Call), an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)").]  
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige Rück-
zahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin (bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag der Schuld-
verschreibungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft oder von einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin angekauft 
wurden, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger 
bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 ([6]) verlangt hat)]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer 
ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen und 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass die 
Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines Kontroll-
wechsels die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ihrer 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen ver-
langen können, 
ist Folgendes an-
wendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so ist jeder Gläubiger 
berechtigt, von der Emittentin die vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung 
der von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen jeweils zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie in den Unterabsätzen (b) bis (c) 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
Für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts hat die Emittentin das Recht, wahlweise, 
anstelle der vollständigen oder teilweisen Rückzahlung der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, den vollständigen oder teilweisen Ankauf (oder die 
Veranlassung eines Ankaufs) der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, innerhalb von 
drei Tagen, nachdem der Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist, zu erklären. 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet den Fall, dass eine Person oder 
Personen, die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
("WpHG") abgestimmt handeln, nach dem Ausgabetag Kontrolle über die 
Emittentin erwirbt oder erwerben. 
 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet ein direktes oder indirektes rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum (jeweils im Sinne des § 34 WpHG) von 
Stammaktien, die zusammen mehr als 30 Prozent der Stimmrechte der 
Emittentin gewähren. 
 
 
"Person" bezeichnet jede natürliche Person, Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, 
Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, Unternehmung, Zusammenschluss, 
Organisation, Fonds, Staat oder staatliche Einheit, unabhängig davon, ob es 
sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt oder nicht, aber unter 
Ausschluss (i) verbundener Tochterunternehmen der Emittentin im Sinne der 
§§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz, (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) seiner Verwandten in gerader 
Linie, (iv) seiner Ehegattin oder Ehegatten/-innen seiner Verwandten gerader 
Linie, (v) einer Sixt-Familienstiftung und/oder (vi) einer/eines von den unter 
(ii) bis (v) genannten Personen im Sinne der §§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz 
beherrschten Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, 
Unternehmung, Organisation, Fonds oder sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, 
unabhängig davon, ob es sich um eine selbständige juristische Person 
handelt oder nicht.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
(b) Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin dies unverzüglich, 
nachdem sie davon Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit 
(eine 
"Kontrollwechselmitteilung") 
und 
gibt 
dabei 
die 
Art 
des 
Kontrollwechsels und das in diesem § 5 ([6]) vorgesehene Verfahren zur 
Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit Angaben zum 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabsatz 
(c)(ii) dieses § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) Zur Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Gläubiger an 
einem Geschäftstag innerhalb des Ausübungszeitraums (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Gläubigerausübungserklärung") und (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Gläubiger 
sein 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht 
ausüben 
möchte, 
und 
zwar 
durch 
Übertragung dieser Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) am siebten Tag nach dem Tag, an dem der 
Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)"), 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit 
sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet 
wurde(n). 
Die 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das 
Clearingsystem. Eine einmal abgegebene Gläubigerausübungserklärung ist 
unwiderruflich. 
 
 
"Ausübungszeitraum" bezeichnet (x) einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung 
bekanntgegeben 
wurde, 
vorausgesetzt, dass kein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 
Tagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, 
stattfindet und (y) sofern ein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 
30 Tagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, 
stattfindet, einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen nach diesem Zinszahlungstag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte[n] Zahlstelle[n]] und [ihre] 
[deren] bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
[im Fall, dass die Emissionsstelle auch als Zahlstelle fungieren soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch 
diejenigen einer Zahlstelle.] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] der Zahlstelle[n]] 
zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle [oder andere [oder 
zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i)

--- Page 98 ---
98 
eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] (ii), solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der es 
sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
[Sitz der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich die 
relevante Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten 
unterhalten, wie es die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [im Fall 
von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] ([iii]) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. 
Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, und vorausgesetzt, 
dass eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten zulässig 
ist, ohne dass damit nach Ansicht der Emittentin nachteilige Steuerfolgen für die 
Emittentin verbunden sind, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City] unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach 
Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
einem solchen sonstigen Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] 
[handelt] [handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und 
[übernimmt] [übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, 
und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und 
den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n] und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht 
gegenüber der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens 
gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden (nachstehend 
zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
(2) Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge. Ist ein Einbehalt oder Abzug in Bezug auf zu 
zahlende Beträge auf die Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
an Kapital und Zinsen zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben, 
 
 
(a) die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers

--- Page 99 ---
99 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) die wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke 
der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) die durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einzubehalten sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen werden können, oder 
 
 
(d) die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, 
oder 
 
 
(e) deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen 
handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig hätte vermeiden können (ihn aber nicht 
vermieden 
hat), 
indem 
er 
die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet 
(insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten bezüglich 
der Staatsangehörigkeit, des Wohnsitzes oder der Identität des Gläubigers) 
oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des Gläubigers handelnde Dritte die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet, 
oder 
indem 
er 
eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung abgibt oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche 
Erklärung abzugeben oder einen anderen Steuerbefreiungsanspruch 
gegenüber den Steuerbehörden geltend macht, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn 
dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [14] wirksam wird. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der 
Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend 
beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu 
zahlen wären. 
 
 
Falls aufgrund einer Änderung der Rechtslage die in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene 
der Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, künftig auf Ebene der Emittentin zu erheben sind, 
stellen auch diese keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend beschriebenen Art 
dar, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(3) Andere Steuerrechtsordnung. Falls die Emittentin zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
einer 
anderen 
Steuerrechtsordnung 
als 
der 
gegenwärtig 
maßgeblichen 
Steuerrechtsordnung der Emittentin oder einer zusätzlichen Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen wird, sollen die Bezugnahmen in diesem § 7 auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als Bezugnahmen auf die dann auf die Emittentin anwendbare 
Rechtsordnung und/oder diese anderen Rechtsordnungen gelesen und ausgelegt 
werden.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(4) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in 
ausreichender Höhe für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder 
abzuziehen, zu deren Einbehalt oder Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 und damit zusammenhängenden 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien (die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), 
(b) gemäß einem Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder sonstigen 
amtlichen Richtlinien, das bzw. die in einem anderen Staat besteht bzw. bestehen 
und der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen (die 
"ausländischen Bestimmungen"), (c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem anderen Staat, der der Umsetzung 
der U.S. Bestimmungen dient (ein "zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), oder (d) 
gemäß einer Vereinbarung, die die Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär 
zwecks Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen 
oder eines zwischenstaatlichen Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, 
der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer staatlichen Behörde oder 
Steuerbehörde in einem anderen Staat geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. 
Bestimmungen, 
den 
ausländischen 
Bestimmungen 
und 
einem 
jeden 
zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, "FATCA"), verpflichtet ist. Die Emittentin ist nicht zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen aufgrund von durch die Emittentin oder einen 
Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit FATCA einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen 
Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kündigungsgrund ein, so 
kann jeder Gläubiger (vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 9 (3) und § 9 (4)) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen durch Abgabe einer Erklärung gemäß § 9 (2) 
kündigen und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zusammen 
mit allen nicht gezahlten Zinsen, die bis zum tatsächlichen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufen sind, verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse 
stellt einen "Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
 
 
(i) 
Die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
innerhalb von 15 Tagen, nachdem eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig ist. 
 
 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese Unterlassung 
dauert länger als 30 Tage fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat. 
 
 
(iii) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft erfüllt eine oder 
mehrere Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber Dritten in einer aggregierten 
Höhe 
von 
mehr 
als 
Euro 25.000.000, 
die 
sich 
(i) 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder (ii) aus einer Garantie oder einer Bürgschaft, die 
für eine Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, ergibt, nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach schriftlicher Inanspruchnahme 
aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie, oder solche Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
werden 
in 
entsprechender 
Höhe 
aufgrund 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
außerordentlichen Kündigungsgrunds vorzeitig fällig gestellt und nicht

--- Page 101 ---
101 
innerhalb von fünf Geschäftstagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit erfüllt. 
 
 
(iv) Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ist 
zahlungsunfähig (im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung (die "InsO")) oder 
überschuldet (im Sinne von § 19 InsO) oder stellt ihre Zahlungen generell 
ein, oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft stellt aus 
den in den §§ 17 bis 19 InsO genannten Gründen einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens, oder das zuständige Gericht trifft eine 
der 
in 
§ 21 
InsO 
vorgesehenen 
Maßnahmen 
oder 
es 
wird 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft über deren Vermögen eröffnet. 
 
 
(v) 
Die Emittentin tritt in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und die andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft übernimmt im Wesentlichen alle Aktiva und Passiva der 
Emittentin einschließlich aller Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 
(vi) Die Emittentin stellt ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz ein. 
 
 
(vii) Die Emittentin veräußert ihr gesamtes oder wesentliche Teile ihres 
Vermögens außerhalb des gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverlaufs in einer oder 
mehreren miteinander im Zusammenhang stehenden Transaktionen an 
Dritte (außer konzerninterne Übertragungen an (eine) Tochtergesell-
schaft(en) der Emittentin) und (x) dadurch wird der Wert des Vermögens der 
Emittentin (auf Konzernebene) wesentlich vermindert und (y) es wird 
dadurch wahrscheinlich, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr 
erfüllen kann. 
 
 
(viii) Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) tritt ein in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (iii) bis (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ein. 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
im 
Sinne 
dieses 
§ 9 
(1) 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung, die sich (i) aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, (ii) einer 
Geldaufnahme durch Darlehen oder (iii) einer durch ein Kreditinstitut zur 
Verfügung gestellten sonstigen Geldaufnahme ergibt. 
 
 
(2) Kündigungserklärungen und andere Mitteilungen. Eine Kündigungserklärung 
oder eine andere Mitteilung gemäß diesem § 9 ist unwiderruflich und hat gemäß 
§ [14] ([]) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
(3) Heilung. Das Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem 
§ 9 erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) wird 
eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in 
§ 9 (1) (i) oder § 9 (1) (iv) bis § 9 (1) (vi) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, 
erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Gläubigern von mindestens 10 Prozent des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen 
sind. Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) gelten die 
Bestimmungen dieses § 9 (4) entsprechend in den Fällen, in denen ein in § 9 (1) 
(iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin eintritt.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger eine andere Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90 Prozent von der Emittentin gehalten werden, als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen (die "Nachfolgeemittentin"), sofern: 
 
 
(i) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt, und 
 
 
(ii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sämtliche sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die 
Notwendigkeit einer Einbehaltung irgendwelcher Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle erfüllen sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne 
Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle transferieren kann und sie 
insbesondere jede hierfür notwendige Genehmigung der Behörden ihres 
Landes erhalten hat, und 
 
 
(iii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm infolge der Schuldübernahme 
durch die Nachfolgeemittentin auferlegt werden und die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müssen, und 
 
 
(iv) die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich 
die 
so 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeemittentin zu übernehmenden Verpflichtungen garantiert, und 
 
 
(v) der Emissionsstelle ein Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung der Ersetzung. Eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [14] mitzuteilen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede 
Nennung der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeemittentin 
bezogen und jede Nennung der Bundesrepublik Deutschland in § 5 (2) und § 7 
als auf das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) und § 7 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) und § 9 (1) (iii) bis (vii) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeemittentin). 
 
 
§ 11 
POSITIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, im Rahmen des rechtlich Zulässigen darauf 
hinzuwirken, 
insbesondere 
ihre 
Stimmrechte 
bei Wesentlichen 
Tochter-
gesellschaften 
so 
auszuüben, 
dass 
von 
den 
in 
den 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften entstehenden Jahresüberschüssen bzw. Bilanzgewinnen 
insgesamt Ausschüttungen mindestens in dem Umfang an die Emittentin 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
wie 
dies 
erforderlich 
ist, 
um 
die 
jeweiligen 
Zahlungsansprüche der Gläubiger gegenüber der Emittentin zu erfüllen. Weiterhin 
verpflichtet sich die Emittentin, im Rahmen des rechtlich Zulässigen darauf

--- Page 103 ---
103 
hinzuwirken, 
insbesondere 
ihre 
Stimmrechte 
bei 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
so 
auszuüben, 
dass 
bei 
den 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften bestehende Kapital- und Gewinnrücklagen im Rahmen des 
rechtlich Zulässigen in dem Umfang aufgelöst werden, wie dies insgesamt 
erforderlich ist, um die jeweiligen Zahlungsansprüche der Gläubiger gegenüber 
der Emittentin zu erfüllen. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in 
Bezug auf die 
Änderung der 
Bedingungen und 
die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung 
finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz (das "SchVG")) durch einen Beschluss mit der in 
Absatz (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand 
eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen 
für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten 
Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über 
die in § 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit 
einer 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 
Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") 
für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist [Namen und Adresse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung 
von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Mitteilungen. Mitteilungen, die diesen § 12 betreffen, erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Ausgabetags, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden und eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
verlangen, 
sind 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu 
veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems 
gehalten werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz 
(1) rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger 
zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem 
geregelten Markt 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
einer Wert-
papierbörse zum 
Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, 
gelten die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle 
(zur Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder englischen 
Sprache übergeben oder übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die 
Emittentin zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend 
definiert), 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder (ii) auf jede 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland [Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des 
SchVG Anwendung finden sollen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: ,vorbehaltlich 
eines zwingend vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach 
dem SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für 
die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwah-
rungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend

--- Page 106 ---
106 
machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [16] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
OPTION 
II 
– 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
Sixt 
SE 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
werden 
in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im 
Fall, dass die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1 
(4)] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [festgelegte 
Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen 
in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im 
Namen 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben 
und 
sind jeweils 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Ausgabetag (wie in 
§ 3 (1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch 
darf nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Person(en), 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Unterabsatz (b) von 
§ 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (die 
Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet [Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers 
des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, 
dass die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der 
zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels 
in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist].

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und nicht 
besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im gleichen Rang untereinander 
und im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht 
nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin stehen, mit 
Ausnahme 
solcher 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen bevorrechtigt sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
geschuldeten Beträge der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
 
 
(i) 
keine 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
oder 
anderer 
dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen, durch Grund- und Mobiliarpfandrechte, 
sonstige Pfandrechte oder dingliche Sicherheiten (solche Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte und dingliche Sicherheiten, die 
"Dinglichen Sicherheiten") an der Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte zu besichern oder solche 
Dinglichen Sicherheiten als Sicherheit fortbestehen zu lassen, und 
 
 
(ii) soweit gesetzlich zulässig sicherzustellen, dass keine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien oder anderer dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen durch Dingliche Sicherheiten an der 
Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte besichert oder solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten fortbestehen 
lässt, 
 
 
ohne gleichzeitig oder zuvor die Gläubiger für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleichem Rang und Umfang an solchen Dinglichen 
Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu lassen. 
 
 
(b) Ausgenommen von den Beschränkungen in § 2 (2) (a) sind jedoch Dingliche 
Sicherheiten, (i) die aufgrund zwingender gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder als 
Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse bestellt wurden oder zu bestellen sind, oder (ii) die im Rahmen 
von Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder Factoring-Finanzierungen bestellt 
wurden oder bestellt werden, oder (iii) die zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von 
Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen Vermögenswerten bestehen, soweit 
solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten nicht im Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb 
oder in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Vermögenswerts bestellt 
wurden und der durch die Dinglichen Sicherheiten besicherte Betrag nicht 
nach Erwerb des betreffenden Vermögenswerts erhöht wird, oder (iv) die der 
Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder Ersetzung irgendeiner Dinglichen Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehenden (i) bis (iii) dienen, sowie (v) die Forderungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien 
oder anderer dafür übernommener Gewährleistungen bis zu einem 
aggregierten Gesamtbetrag in Höhe von Euro 10.000.000 besichern. 
 
 
(c) "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
bestehende 
oder 
zukünftige Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) bezüglich Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, 
Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, 
und Schuldscheine oder Schuldscheindarlehen.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, (i) an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50 
Prozent des Kapitals oder der Stimmrechte hält und (ii) (a) deren 
Umsatzerlöse 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften, 
nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss (nach der/den jeweils anwendbaren Generally Accepted 
Accounting 
Practice/Principles 
(GAAP) 
bzw. 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS) jedoch ohne Berücksichtigung von 
Umsatzerlösen mit verbundenen Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des 
letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin benutzt wurde, 
mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten Umsatzerlöse der Emittentin 
gemäß ihrem letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss (nach internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS)) betragen haben oder (b) deren 
Bilanzsumme 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften, 
nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss (nach der/den jeweils anwendbaren Generally Accepted 
Accounting 
Practice/Principles 
(GAAP) 
bzw. 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS) nach Eliminierung von Beteiligungen an 
Tochtergesellschaften 
und 
von 
Forderungen 
gegen 
verbundene 
Unternehmen), 
der 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin benutzt wurde, mindestens 10 Prozent 
der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin gemäß ihrem letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
(nach 
internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsstandards (IFRS)) betragen hat.  
 
 
Soweit Umsätze aus dem Verkauf von Fahrzeugen im geprüften 
Konzernabschluss gemäß IFRS nicht als Umsatzerlöse ausgewiesen 
werden, sind Umsätze aus dem Verkauf von Fahrzeugen auch im jeweiligen 
geprüften, nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss als Umsatzerlöse zu 
eliminieren. 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet die Gesellschaften, auf die die Emittentin 
gegenwärtig oder zukünftig unmittelbar oder mittelbar einen beherrschenden 
Einfluss im Sinne des § 290 HGB ausüben kann oder wird ausüben können. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
"Ausgabetag" 
oder 
der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich). Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind [vierteljährlich] [halbjährlich] [jährlich] im Nachhinein 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(soweit diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) 
jeweils der Tag, der [relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
oder, im Falle des ersten Zinszahlungstags [(hierbei handelt es sich um den 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen])], nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 
(4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, mit Bezug auf (i) [im Fall einer kurzen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die kurze erste Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen ersten 
Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: die lange erste Zinsperiode vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer kurzen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: [die kurze letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die lange letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)] den durch lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [ersten 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen] 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) und dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) festgestellten 
Kurs, und (ii) alle anderen Zinsperioden den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, 
auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist] (wie nachstehend definiert) 
(zusammen mit dem Referenzzinssatz für die [kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein "Referenzzinssatz") jeweils als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen] [,] [und] dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich 
Laufzeit) einfügen] [[,] [und] dem [falls der relevante Referenzzinssatz, der 
auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
ist, nicht mit dem ersten oder zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz identisch 
ist, ist dieser Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) einzufügen]] handelt 
es sich jeweils um den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf 
der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation nicht 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt wird, den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert), als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem "[relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen]" handelt es sich um den Kurs 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere 
relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Feststellungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] [andere relevante Zahl an 
Tagen einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] [(wie in § 1 (6) definiert)] [vor [Beginn] 
[Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [falls eine von der generellen Definition des 
Begriffs "Geschäftstag" abweichende Definition benötigt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Nur im Rahmen dieses Absatzes (2) bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [[falls TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [falls TARGET noch 
nicht definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET")] 
geöffnet ist] [[und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [London] [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind].] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich nicht 
ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
 
 
vom  
bis zum  
 
[Datum einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
[Datum einfügen] 
(ausschließlich) 
[Marge einfügen] % 
per annum] 
 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet (i) [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] oder (ii) 
diejenige andere Bildschirmseite, die diese Bildschirmseite bei dem von 
[relevanten Informationsanbieter einfügen] betriebenen Dienst ersetzt, oder (iii) 
diejenige 
Bildschirmseite 
desjenigen 
anderen 
Dienstes, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter für die Anzeige des relevanten 
Satzes benannt wird. 
 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite abgeschafft werden oder nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
stehen, oder wird der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt und vorausgesetzt, dass 
kein Ersatzrate-Ereignis gemäß § 3 Absatz [8] eingetreten ist, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren Kurs (als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt), zu dem sie Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevanten] Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode beginnen und über

--- Page 113 ---
113 
einen repräsentativen Betrag (wie nachstehend definiert) lauten, gegenüber 
führenden Banken im [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbanken-Markt [der Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend definiert)] um ca. [11.00] 
[andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten, 
anfordern. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Kurse nennen, ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für diese Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005] [falls der Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, ist das 
Folgende 
anwendbar: 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,000005] 
aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Kurse, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Feststellungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Kurse nennt, ist 
der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005] [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird) der der 
Berechnungsstelle auf deren Abfrage hin mitgeteilten Kurse ermittelt, zu denen 
führende, von der Berechnungsstelle (in gutem Glauben handelnd) ausgewählte 
Großbanken [in [relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen]] [im [Londoner] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [der Euro-Zone]] 
führenden europäischen Banken Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer 
Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: [relevanten]] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag 
der relevanten Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag 
lauten, um ca. [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) am 
[Feststellungstag] [ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode] anbieten. Für den Fall, 
dass der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz der Kurs auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Feststellungstag, an dem dieser Kurs angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [[vier] [andere relevante Zahl einfügen] 
Großbanken im [Londoner] [anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-Zone]] [falls in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, sind die Namen der Referenzbanken 
einzufügen]. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der zu der relevanten Zeit in 
dem relevanten Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
Im 
Fall 
des 
Interbanken-
Marktes der Euro-
Zone ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
["Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die den Euro als einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindest- und/oder 
 
[(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
ein Höchstzins-
satzes ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlöst, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe 
des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 
([5]) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der relevante Zinssatz zu bestimmen 
ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung für die relevante Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag 
wird berechnet, indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet 
wird, dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und das hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit 
aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
([6]) Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass die Zinsperiode, der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag und der 
Zinszahlungstag für die relevante Zinsperiode der Emittentin, jeder Börse, an der 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] 
baldmöglichst mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie 
den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mitgeteilt. 
 
 
([7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Berechnungsstelle oder einem Unabhängigen Berater für die Zwecke 
dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände 
vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, der 
Emissionsstelle, etwaigen Zahlstellen oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit 
der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres 
                                                     
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen.  
 
 
([8]) 
(a) 
Ersatzrate. 
Stellt 
die 
Emittentin 
(in 
Abstimmung 
mit 
der 
Berechnungsstelle) fest, dass vor oder an einem Feststellungstag ein Ersatzrate-
Ereignis eingetreten ist, wird die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle (i) die Ersatzrate, (ii) 
eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen zur 
Bestimmung des Referenzzinssatzes für die auf den Feststellungstag bezogene 
Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode (vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden 
Eintretens etwaiger weiterer Ersatzrate-Ereignisse) festlegen und die Emittentin, 
sofern relevant, und die Berechnungsstelle darüber informieren. Diese 
Bedingungen werden mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich) durch die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen geändert (einschließlich einer 
etwaigen Änderung dieses Feststellungstags, falls die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
dies so bestimmen). Der Referenzzinssatz ist dann die Ersatzrate (wie 
nachstehend definiert) angepasst durch eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne. 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Ersatzrate, 
die 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne und die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer 
solchen Festlegung gemäß § [14] mitteilen. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, 
dass keine Zustimmung oder Genehmigung seitens eines Gläubigers für die 
Wirksamkeit der Ersatzrate, einer etwaigen Anpassungsspanne und die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen erforderlich ist. 
 
 
Darüber hinaus kann die Emittentin [falls CBF das relevante Clearingsystem 
ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Clearingsystem auffordern] [falls CBL und 
Euroclear die relevanten Clearingsysteme sind und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: die gemeinsame Verwahrstelle 
(common depositary) auffordern, im Namen von CBL und Euroclear] [falls CBL 
und Euroclear die relevanten Clearingsysteme sind und falls die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den common 
safekeeper auffordern, im Namen von CBL und Euroclear], diese Bedingungen zu 
ergänzen oder zu ändern, um die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, indem 
sie der Globalurkunde die vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
 
 
(b) Definitionen. 
 
 
"Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet eine Differenz (die positiv oder negativ sein 
oder auch Null betragen kann) oder eine Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung 
einer solchen Differenz, welche nach Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden 
Stelle auf die Ersatzrate anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des 
wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne 
diese Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch die 
Ersatzrate entstehen würde (einschließlich, aber ohne hierauf begrenzt zu sein, 
infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise 
möglich, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung der 
Anpassungsspanne sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- oder andere Rate, die entwickelt wurde, damit Finanzinstrumente oder 
-kontrakte, einschließlich der Schuldverschreibungen, sie in Bezug nehmen 
können, um einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder -kontrakten zahlbaren 
Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrags. 
Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" 
bezeichnet 
solche 
Anpassungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der 
Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen (wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an der 
anwendbaren Geschäftstagekonvention (Business Day Convention), der Definition

--- Page 116 ---
116 
von Geschäftstag, am Feststellungstag, am Zinstagequotienten oder jeder 
Methode oder Definition, um die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst 
sein können). Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die 
Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet mit Bezug auf den Referenzzinssatz (bzw. für 
die Zwecke dieses § 3 ([8]) (a) und (b) die Ersatzrate) eines der nachfolgenden 
Ereignisse: 
 
 
(i) 
der Referenzzinssatz wurde in den letzten zehn Geschäftstagen vor und bis 
einschließlich des relevanten Feststellungstags nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht; oder 
 
 
(ii) der Referenzzinssatz ist nicht länger repräsentativ bzw. ist nicht mehr ein 
branchenweit akzeptierter Satz für Fremdkapitalinstrumente wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder diesen vergleichbare Instrumente; oder 
 
 
(iii) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass (x) der Administrator die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beenden wird (wenn 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzzinssatzes fortsetzen wird), oder (y) der Referenzzinssatz dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird; oder 
 
 
(iv) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung seitens der Aufsichtsbehörde des 
Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, der Zentralbank für die festgelegte 
Währung, eines Insolvenzbeauftragten mit Zuständigkeit für den Administrator 
des Referenzzinssatzes, einer Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit für den 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes, eines Gerichts (im Fall einer 
rechtskräftigen Entscheidung) oder einer Organisation mit ähnlicher 
insolvenz- oder abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über den Administrator des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass der Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes die 
Bereitstellung des Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
Veröffentlichung der Referenzzinssatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(v) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass die Nutzung des Referenzzinssatzes allgemein 
verboten werden wird; oder 
 
 
(vi) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Festlegung des Referenzzinssatzes vorgenommen werden wird, 
 
 
vorausgesetzt, dass ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis als eingetreten gelten soll, (a) im Fall 
von (iii) und (iv) an demjenigen Tag, an dem der Referenzzinssatz beendet oder 
nicht weiter fortgeführt wird, oder (b) im Fall von (v) an demjenigen Tag, an dem 
die Nutzung des Referenzzinssatzes verboten wird, oder (c) im Fall von (vi) an 
demjenigen Tag, von dem an die wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Festlegung des Referenzzinssatzes gilt. 
 
 
"Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich ist und 
als solche ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Gläubiger bestimmbar ist; 
oder 
 
 
(ii) andernfalls ein Unabhängiger Berater, der von der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen Bedingungen unter zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
 
 
"Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbare 
gesetzliche 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Anforderung oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Anforderung, 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es keine 
gibt, (iii) jede relevante Empfehlung oder Leitlinie von Branchenvereinigungen 
(einschließlich ISDA) oder, wenn es keine gibt, (iv) jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
 
 
"Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzzinssatz oder 
den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (w) die 
Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzzinssatz oder den 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist, (y) eine(r) Gruppe der 
zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) 
dem/den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder einem Teil 
davon. 
 
 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
unabhängiges, 
international 
angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Berater mit 
anerkanntem Ruf und angemessener Fachkenntnis. 
 
 
(c) Ausweichbestimmung [Im Fall eines Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und Kündigung]. Falls die Jeweilige Festlegenden Stelle 
eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder die Ersatzrate-
Anpassungen nicht gemäß § 3 Absatz [8] (a) und (b) bestimmen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
hierüber 
informieren 
und 
ist 
der 
Referenzzinssatz in Bezug auf den relevanten Feststellungstag der für die 
unmittelbar vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzzinssatz. [Im Fall 
eines Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin ist Folgendes anwendbar: In diesem 
Fall kann die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bis zum jeweiligen 
nachfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich) jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § [14] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
([9]) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist 
die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall 
von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich 
um einen Zahltag handelt (Modified Following Business Day Convention).]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Im Fall von 
Floating Rate 
Note Business 
Day Convention 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird (i) der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich 
um einen Zahltag handelt, und ist (ii) jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag (sofern 
anwendbar) der jeweils letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [[relevante Zahl 
einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen]] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) liegt (Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt (Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag handelt (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an 
dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass TARGET bereits 
definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: TARGET] [Im Fall, dass TARGET 
noch nicht definiert wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") 
geöffnet ist]]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention und Preceding Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day 
Convention und Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag entsprechend 
angepasst.] 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im 
Fall von Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention und Preceding Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day 
Convention und Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht entsprechend 
angepasst.]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Rückzahlung 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. Zur Klarstellung 
wird festgestellt, dass diese Bestimmung keine Auswirkung auf eine etwaige 
Anpassung einer Zahlung von Zinsen in Übereinstimmung mit dem vorstehenden 
Satz haben soll. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie 
in § 5 (1) angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen (wie nachstehend 
angegeben);] sowie jedes Aufgeld und sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im Fall eines 
festgelegten Fälligkeitstags diesen Fälligkeitstag einfügen] [im Fall eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat einfügen] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung] 
[ansonsten den Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit (vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in Unterabsatz (b)) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tagen durch Erklärung gemäß Unterabsatz (c) gegenüber 
den Gläubigern kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden Tag (der 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Steuern)") 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Steuern) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze oder Vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland (oder für den Fall, dass die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 7 (3) einer anderen Steuerrechtsordnung unterworfen wird, der Gesetze 
oder Vorschriften dieser anderen Steuerrechtsordnung), die Steuern oder 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher Art betreffen, oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder 
Anwendung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Ausgabetag wirksam) 
am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann, die nach Auffassung der Emittentin zumutbar sind. 
 
 
(b) Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
(c) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich 
und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:  
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
den Wahlrückzahlungstag (Steuern); und 
 
 
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird, 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wird

--- Page 122 ---
122 
die teilweise Rückzahlung in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
relevanten 
Clearingsystems 
durchgeführt. 
[Im 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern 
von CBL und Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor 
oder als Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Three] 
Months 
Par 
Call) 
am 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum von dem Tag (einschließlich), der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: drei] Monate vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months 
Par Call), an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl

--- Page 123 ---
123 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)").]  
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnenn-
betrag der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der Schuldverschreibungen von der Emittentin zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückgekauft oder von einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin angekauft 
wurden, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger 
bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 ([6]) verlangt hat)] 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer 
ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) kündigen 
und 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer 
ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass die 
Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ihrer 
Schuldverschreib
ungen verlangen 
können, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6])Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so ist jeder Gläubiger 
berechtigt, von der Emittentin die vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung 
der von ihm gehaltenen Schuldverschreibungen jeweils zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie in den Unterabsätzen (b) bis (c) 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
Für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts hat die Emittentin das Recht, wahlweise, 
anstelle der vollständigen oder teilweisen Rückzahlung der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, den vollständigen oder teilweisen Ankauf (oder die 
Veranlassung eines Ankaufs) der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, innerhalb von 
drei Tagen, nachdem der Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist, zu erklären. 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet den Fall, dass eine Person oder 
Personen, die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
("WpHG") abgestimmt handeln, nach dem Ausgabetag Kontrolle über die 
Emittentin erwirbt oder erwerben. 
 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet ein direktes oder indirektes rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum (jeweils im Sinne des § 34 WpHG) von

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Stammaktien, die zusammen mehr als 30 Prozent der Stimmrechte der 
Emittentin gewähren. 
 
 
"Person" bezeichnet jede natürliche Person, Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, 
Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, Unternehmung, Zusammenschluss, 
Organisation, Fonds, Staat oder staatliche Einheit, unabhängig davon, ob es 
sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt oder nicht, aber unter 
Ausschluss (i) verbundener Tochterunternehmen der Emittentin im Sinne 
der §§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz, (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) seiner Verwandten in 
gerader Linie, (iv) seiner Ehegattin oder Ehegatten/-innen seiner 
Verwandten gerader Linie, (v) einer Sixt-Familienstiftung und/oder (vi) 
einer/eines von den unter (ii) bis (v) genannten Personen im Sinne der §§ 15 
bis 18 Aktiengesetz beherrschten Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, Firma, 
Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, Unternehmung, Organisation, Fonds oder 
sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, unabhängig davon, ob es sich um eine 
selbständige juristische Person handelt oder nicht. 
 
 
(b) Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin dies unverzüglich, 
nachdem sie davon Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Gläubigern gemäß § [14] mit 
(eine 
"Kontrollwechselmitteilung") 
und 
gibt 
dabei 
die 
Art 
des 
Kontrollwechsels und das in diesem § 5 ([6]) vorgesehene Verfahren zur 
Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit Angaben zum 
Clearingsystem-Konto der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabsatz 
(c)(ii) dieses § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) Zur Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Gläubiger an 
einem Geschäftstag innerhalb des Ausübungszeitraums (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Gläubigerausübungserklärung") und (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Gläubiger 
sein 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht 
ausüben 
möchte, 
und 
zwar 
durch 
Übertragung dieser Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) am siebten Tag nach dem Tag, an dem der 
Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)"), 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit 
sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet 
wurde(n). 
Die 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
solchermaßen 
eingereichte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das 
Clearingsystem. Eine einmal abgegebene Gläubigerausübungserklärung ist 
unwiderruflich. 
 
 
"Ausübungszeitraum" bezeichnet (x) einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung 
bekanntgegeben 
wurde, 
vorausgesetzt, dass kein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 
Tagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, 
stattfindet und (y) sofern ein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 
30 Tagen, nachdem die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, 
stattfindet, einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen nach diesem Zinszahlungstag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[, DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [, die anfänglich bestellte[n] [Zahlstelle[n]] und die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie 
folgt:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft] 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[]] 
 
 
[im Fall, dass die Emissionsstelle auch als Zahlstelle fungieren soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch 
diejenigen einer Zahlstelle.] 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [, der Zahlstelle[n]] und 
der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle [, andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] oder eine andere 
Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert sind, einfügen: [,] [und] (ii), solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der es 
sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
[Sitz der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich die 
relevante Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten 
unterhalten, wie es die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [im Fall 
von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] ([iii]) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von 
Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. 
Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
und 
vorausgesetzt, dass eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der Vereinigten 
Staaten zulässig ist, ohne dass damit nach Ansicht der Emittentin nachteilige 
Steuerfolgen für die Emittentin verbunden sind, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City] und ([iv]) eine Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, 
dass die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle an einem 
vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist Folgendes anwendbar: mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]] unterhalten. 
Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit 
einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem solchen sonstigen 
Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, 
die von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für 
die Emittentin, die Zahlstelle[n] und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht 
gegenüber der Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens

--- Page 126 ---
126 
gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden (nachstehend 
zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
(2) Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge. Ist ein Einbehalt oder Abzug in Bezug auf zu 
zahlende Beträge auf die Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
an Kapital und Zinsen zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben, 
 
 
(a) die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) die wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, 
und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort 
besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) die durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einzubehalten sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen werden können, oder 
 
 
(d) die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder 
(iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, 
oder 
 
 
(e) deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen 
handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig hätte vermeiden können (ihn aber nicht 
vermieden 
hat), 
indem 
er 
die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet 
(insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten bezüglich 
der Staatsangehörigkeit, des Wohnsitzes oder der Identität des Gläubigers) 
oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des Gläubigers handelnde Dritte die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet, 
oder 
indem 
er 
eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung abgibt oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche 
Erklärung abzugeben oder einen anderen Steuerbefreiungsanspruch 
gegenüber den Steuerbehörden geltend macht, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn

--- Page 127 ---
127 
dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [14] wirksam wird. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der 
Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend 
beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu 
zahlen wären. 
 
 
Falls aufgrund einer Änderung der Rechtslage die in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene 
der Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, künftig auf Ebene der Emittentin zu erheben sind, 
stellen auch diese keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend beschriebenen 
Art dar, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(3) Andere Steuerrechtsordnung. Falls die Emittentin zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
einer anderen Steuerrechtsordnung als der gegenwärtig maßgeblichen 
Steuerrechtsordnung der Emittentin oder einer zusätzlichen Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen wird, sollen die Bezugnahmen in diesem § 7 auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als Bezugnahmen auf die dann auf die Emittentin anwendbare 
Rechtsordnung und/oder diese anderen Rechtsordnungen gelesen und ausgelegt 
werden. 
 
 
(4) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in 
ausreichender Höhe für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder 
abzuziehen, zu deren Einbehalt oder Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 
1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 und damit zusammenhängenden 
Verordnungen oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien (die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), 
(b) gemäß einem Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder sonstigen 
amtlichen Richtlinien, das bzw. die in einem anderen Staat besteht bzw. 
bestehen und der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen (die 
"ausländischen Bestimmungen"), (c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen 
Vertrag zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und einem anderen Staat, der der 
Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient (ein "zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), 
oder (d) gemäß einer Vereinbarung, die die Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein 
Intermediär zwecks Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen, der ausländischen 
Bestimmungen oder eines zwischenstaatlichen Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service, der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten oder einer staatlichen 
Behörde oder Steuerbehörde in einem anderen Staat geschlossen hat 
(zusammen mit den U.S. Bestimmungen, den ausländischen Bestimmungen und 
einem jeden zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, "FATCA"), verpflichtet ist. Die 
Emittentin ist nicht zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen aufgrund von durch 
die Emittentin oder einen Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit FATCA 
einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kündigungsgrund ein, so

--- Page 128 ---
128 
kann jeder Gläubiger (vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 9 (3) und § 9 (4)) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen durch Abgabe einer Erklärung gemäß § 9 (2) 
kündigen und deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zusammen 
mit allen nicht gezahlten Zinsen, die bis zum tatsächlichen Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufen sind, verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse 
stellt einen "Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
 
 
(i) 
Die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
innerhalb von 15 Tagen, nachdem eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig ist. 
 
 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
diese 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 30 Tage fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
hierüber eine schriftliche Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat. 
 
 
(iii) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft erfüllt eine oder 
mehrere Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber Dritten in einer aggregierten 
Höhe 
von 
mehr 
als 
Euro 25.000.000, 
die 
sich 
(i) 
aus 
einer 
Finanzverbindlichkeit oder (ii) aus einer Garantie oder einer Bürgschaft, die 
für eine Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, ergibt, nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach schriftlicher Inanspruchnahme 
aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie, oder solche Finanzverbindlichkeiten 
werden 
in 
entsprechender 
Höhe 
aufgrund 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
außerordentlichen Kündigungsgrunds vorzeitig fällig gestellt und nicht 
innerhalb von fünf Geschäftstagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit erfüllt. 
 
 
(iv) Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ist 
zahlungsunfähig (im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung (die "InsO")) oder 
überschuldet (im Sinne von § 19 InsO) oder stellt ihre Zahlungen generell 
ein, oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft stellt aus 
den in den §§ 17 bis 19 InsO genannten Gründen einen Antrag auf 
Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens, oder das zuständige Gericht trifft eine 
der in § 21 InsO vorgesehenen Maßnahmen oder es wird ein 
Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft über deren Vermögen eröffnet. 
 
 
(v) Die Emittentin tritt in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und die andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft übernimmt im Wesentlichen alle Aktiva und Passiva der 
Emittentin einschließlich aller Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 
(vi) Die Emittentin stellt ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz ein. 
 
 
(vii) Die Emittentin veräußert ihr gesamtes oder wesentliche Teile ihres 
Vermögens außerhalb des gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverlaufs in einer oder 
mehreren miteinander im Zusammenhang stehenden Transaktionen an 
Dritte (außer konzerninterne Übertragungen an (eine) Tochtergesell-
schaft(en) der Emittentin) und (x) dadurch wird der Wert des Vermögens der 
Emittentin (auf Konzernebene) wesentlich vermindert und (y) es wird 
dadurch wahrscheinlich, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr 
erfüllen kann. 
 
 
(viii) Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) tritt ein in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (iii) bis (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ein.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
im 
Sinne 
dieses 
§ 9 
(1) 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung, die sich (i) aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, (ii) einer 
Geldaufnahme durch Darlehen oder (iii) einer durch ein Kreditinstitut zur 
Verfügung gestellten sonstigen Geldaufnahme ergibt. 
 
 
(2) Kündigungserklärungen und andere Mitteilungen. Eine Kündigungserklärung 
oder eine andere Mitteilung gemäß diesem § 9 ist unwiderruflich und hat gemäß 
§ [14] ([]) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
(3) Heilung. Das Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
diesem § 9 erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt 
wurde. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) wird 
eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in 
§ 9 (1) (i) oder § 9 (1) (iv) bis § 9 (1) (vi) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Gläubigern von mindestens 10 Prozent des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen 
sind. Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) gelten die 
Bestimmungen dieses § 9 (4) entsprechend in den Fällen, in denen ein in § 9 (1) 
(iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garantin eintritt. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger eine andere Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90 Prozent von der Emittentin gehalten werden, als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen (die "Nachfolgeemittentin"), sofern: 
 
 
(i) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt, und 
 
 
(ii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sämtliche sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die 
Notwendigkeit einer Einbehaltung irgendwelcher Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle erfüllen sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne 
Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle transferieren kann und sie 
insbesondere jede hierfür notwendige Genehmigung der Behörden ihres 
Landes erhalten hat, und 
 
 
(iii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm infolge der Schuldübernahme 
durch die Nachfolgeemittentin auferlegt werden und die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müssen, und 
 
 
(iv) die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich 
die 
so 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeemittentin zu übernehmenden Verpflichtungen garantiert, und 
 
 
(v) der Emissionsstelle ein Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung der Ersetzung. Eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [14] mitzuteilen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede 
Nennung der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeemittentin

--- Page 130 ---
130 
bezogen und jede Nennung der Bundesrepublik Deutschland in § 5 (2) und § 7 
als auf das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) und § 7 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) und § 9 (1) (iii) bis (vii) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme 
auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeemittentin). 
 
 
§ 11 
POSITIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, im Rahmen des rechtlich Zulässigen darauf 
hinzuwirken, insbesondere ihre Stimmrechte bei Wesentlichen Tochter-
gesellschaften 
so 
auszuüben, 
dass 
von 
den 
in 
den 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften entstehenden Jahresüberschüssen bzw. Bilanzgewinnen 
insgesamt Ausschüttungen mindestens in dem Umfang an die Emittentin 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
wie 
dies 
erforderlich 
ist, 
um 
die 
jeweiligen 
Zahlungsansprüche der Gläubiger gegenüber der Emittentin zu erfüllen. 
Weiterhin verpflichtet sich die Emittentin, im Rahmen des rechtlich Zulässigen 
darauf 
hinzuwirken, 
insbesondere 
ihre 
Stimmrechte 
bei 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
so 
auszuüben, 
dass 
bei 
den 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften bestehende Kapital- und Gewinnrücklagen im Rahmen 
des rechtlich Zulässigen in dem Umfang aufgelöst werden, wie dies insgesamt 
erforderlich ist, um die jeweiligen Zahlungsansprüche der Gläubiger gegenüber 
der Emittentin zu erfüllen. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in 
Bezug auf die 
Änderung der 
Bedingungen und 
die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung 
finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) 
Änderung 
der 
Bedingungen. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz (das "SchVG")) durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht 
gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über 
die in § 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 
4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") 
für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist [Namen und Adresse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung 
von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Mitteilungen. Mitteilungen, die diesen § 12 betreffen, erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [13] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Ausgabetags, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammengefasst werden und eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [14] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
verlangen, 
sind 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) zu 
veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems 
gehalten werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach Absatz 
(1) rechtlich nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine 
Veröffentlichung in den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger 
zu ersetzen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem 
geregelten Markt 
einer Wert-
papierbörse zum 
Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
 
([]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, 
gelten die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle 
(zur Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder 
englischen Sprache übergeben oder übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss 
einen die Emittentin zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend 
definiert), 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung Gläubiger der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder (ii) auf 
jede andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [15] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Nicht 
ausschließlich 
zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Frankfurt am 
Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland [Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des 
SchVG Anwendung finden sollen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: ,vorbehaltlich 
eines zwingend vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach 
dem SchVG].

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
ist berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine 
Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend 
unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, 
deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für 
die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine 
Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [16] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst werden sol-
len, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in 
a member state of the EEA or publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA, the 
Final Terms will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639). 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN) 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR 
nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, 
die "PRIIP-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: 
(i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU, in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung ("MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 20. Januar 2016 über Versicherungsvertrieb, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter 
Anleger 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2017/1129 
in 
ihrer 
geänderten 
Fassung 
(die 
"Prospektverordnung").]1 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im Vereinigten Königreich 
nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in ihrer geänderten Fassung 
(in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) in nationales Recht 
des 
Vereinigten 
Königreichs 
überführt 
wurde) 
(die 
"UK 
PRIIP-Verordnung") 
erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder 
der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im 
Vereinigten Königreich nach der UK PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger wie in Punkt (8) von Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/565 (in 
der Gestalt, in der sie durch den EUWA in nationales Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) 
definiert; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in 
ihrer geänderten Fassung, die "FSMA") und der gemäß der FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 
2016/97 erlassenen Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde, 
wie in Punkt (8) von Artikel 2(1) der Verordnung (EU) 600/2014 (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den EUWA 
in nationales Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert, gilt [; oder (iii) sie ist kein 
qualifizierter Anleger, wie in Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 in ihrer geänderten Fassung (in der 
                                                     
1 Text einfügen, sofern die Endgültigen Bedingungen ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Anwendbar" erklären.  
Include text if the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as 
"Applicable".

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Gestalt, in der sie durch den EUWA in nationales Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) 
definiert].]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of January 20, 2016 on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation").]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the United 
Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 
as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA [; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA].] 2  
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] [EU] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden, wie jeweils in [MiFID II] [der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II")] 
definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige 
negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein "[EU] Vertreiber"), sollte die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e] 
berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender [EU] Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine 
eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] als "[EU] Konzepteur[e]" [] [,] [] [und] [].] 
                                                     
2  Text einfügen, sofern die Endgültigen Bedingungen ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"Anwendbar" erklären.  
Include text if the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Applicable".

--- Page 136 ---
136 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MIFIR / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] UK Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook definiert, und professionelle Kunden, wie in der Verordnung (EU) 600/2014 (in der 
Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") in nationales Recht des 
Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) ("UK MiFIR") definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere 
Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte 
festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"UK Vertreiber"), sollte die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein 
dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook unterliegender 
UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen 
(entweder 
durch 
Übernahme 
oder 
Ausarbeitung 
der 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] als "UK Konzepteur[e] " [] [,] [] [und] [].] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II] [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")] [, each having] [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify 
negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes ([a] [an] [EU] "Distributor") should take into consideration the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target 
market assessment; however, [a] [an] [EU] Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the [EU] 
Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "[EU] Manufacturer[s]" means [] [,] [] [and] [].] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target 
Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 600/2014 (as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")) ("UK MiFIR") [, each having] [specify 
further target market criteria], and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK Distributor") should take into 
consideration the UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "UK Manufacturer[s]" means [] [,] [] [and] [].] 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden 
und Kleinanleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] [EU] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und 
Kleinanleger, wie jeweils in [MiFID II] [der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID 
II")] definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und [(ii) alle Kanäle für den

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen geeignet sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolioverwaltung, 
beratungsfreies Geschäft und reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) die 
folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger geeignet sind: 
[Anlageberatung] [,] [und] [Portfolioverwaltung] [,] [und] [beratungsfreies Geschäft] [und reines 
Ausführungsgeschäft]. 
[etwaige 
negative 
Zielmärkte 
festlegen] 
Jede 
Person, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein "[EU] Vertreiber") sollte die 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender 
[EU] Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen 
(entweder 
durch 
Übernahme 
oder 
Ausarbeitung 
der 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] als "[EU] Konzepteur[e]" [] [,] [] [und] [].] 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MIFIR / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden 
und Kleinanleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] UK Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook definiert, professionelle Kunden, wie in der Verordnung (EU) 600/2014 (in der 
Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") in nationales Recht des 
Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) ("UK MiFIR") definiert, und Kleinanleger, wie in Punkt (8) von 
Artikel 2 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2017/565 der Kommission (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den 
EUWA in nationales Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert, sind [, die jeweils] 
[weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen], und [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger geeignet sind, einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, Portfolioberatung, beratungsfreies Geschäft und reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [(ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger geeignet sind: [Anlageberatung] [,] [und] [Portfolioverwaltung] [,] [und] [beratungsfreies 
Geschäft] [und reines Ausführungsgeschäft]. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die 
die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "UK Vertreiber"), sollte die 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook unterliegender UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich 
ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder 
durch Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] als "UK Konzepteur[e]" [] [,] [] [und] [].] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Clients and Retail Clients 
Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II] [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] [, each having] [specify further target market criteria], and [(ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised servcies and execution only] [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate: [investment advice] [,] [and] [portfolio management] [,] [and] [non-
advised services] [and execution only]. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes ([a] [an] [EU] "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment; however, a [a] [an] [EU] Distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "[EU] Manufacturer[s]" means [] [,] [] [and] [].]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Clients and Retail Clients 
Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 600/2014 (as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")) ("UK MiFIR") and retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 (as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) [, each having] [specify further target market 
criteria], and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients are appropriate, including investment advice, non-advised services and execution only] [(ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate: [investment advice] 
[,] [and] [portfolio management] [,] [and] [non-advised services] [and execution only]. [specify negative 
target market, if applicable] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"UK Distributor") should take into consideration the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "UK Manufacturer[s]" means [] [,] [] [and] [].] 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen3 
Final Terms3 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
begeben von 
issued by 
Sixt SE 
[Rechtsträgerkennung: [5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07] []] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: [5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07] []] 
aufgrund des 
pursuant to the 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
vom 27. Mai 2021 
dated 27 May 2021 
Ausgabepreis: [] % [zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe von [] für [] Tage in dem Zeitraum vom 
[] (einschließlich) bis zum [] (ausschließlich)] 
                                                     
3 Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung) werden nachfolgend als "Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet. Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von weniger als Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) werden nachfolgend als "Retail-
Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet. 
In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least Euro 100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) will be referred to as 
"Wholesale Notes". In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) will be 
referred to as "Retail Notes".

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Issue Price: [] per cent. [plus accrued interest in the amount of [] for [] days in the period from, and 
including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
Ausgabetag: []4 
Issue Date: []4 
Serien-Nr.: [] 
Series No.: [] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
                                                     
4 Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8(5) in Verbindung mit Artikel 25(4) 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 in ihrer 
geänderten Fassung abgefasst und]5 enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter 
dem EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme der Sixt SE (das "Programm") und sind in Verbindung 
mit dem Prospekt vom 27. Mai 2021 ([in der Fassung [des Nachtrags] [der Nachträge] vom [relevantes 
Datum/relevante Daten einfügen],] der "Prospekt") über das Programm zu lesen. Alle relevanten 
Informationen über die Emittentin und über die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und des Prospekts erhältlich. Kopien des Prospekts und etwaiger 
Nachträge zum Prospekt [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an dem geregelten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zum Handel zugelassen sind, einfügen: sowie dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen] 
werden 
in 
elektronischer 
Form 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639) veröffentlicht werden und sind auch kostenlos während der üblichen 
Geschäftszeiten bei der Sixt SE (Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach i. Isartal, Deutschland)) erhältlich. [Eine 
englischsprachige 
[und 
deutschsprachige] 
Zusammenfassung 
der 
einzelnen 
Emission 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]6 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as 
amended, and]5 give details of an issue of Notes under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
of Sixt SE (the "Programme") and are to be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 27 May 2021 
([as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date(s)],] the "Prospectus") and pertaining 
to the Programme. All relevant information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus as well as any 
supplements to the Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert: and these Final Terms] will be published in electronic form 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639) and will also be 
obtainable free of charge during normal business hours from Sixt SE (Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach 
i. Isartal, Germany). [An English language [and a German language] summary of the individual issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]6] 
 
                                                     
5 Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die weder öffentlich angeboten noch an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not applicable in case of Notes which are neither publicly offered nor admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
6 Nicht anwendbar bei Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
Not applicable in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
TEIL A: BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
PART A: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further 
options contained therein) respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen [sowie die unverbindliche [deutschsprachige] 
[englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes [and the non-binding [German] [English] language 
translation thereof] are as set out below. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
(including relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben 
der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
(including relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further 
options contained therein) respectively, insert: 
Dieser TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz an Bedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Bedingungen"), zu 
lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Bedingungen definiert sind, 
haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
This PART A of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of terms and conditions that apply 
to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as 
[Option I] [Option II]. Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings when used 
in these Final Terms. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Bedingungen. 
All references in this PART A of the Final Terms to numbered sections and paragraphs are to sections and 
paragraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Die Leerstellen in den Bedingungen gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Bedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den 
Bedingungen gestrichen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in these Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which 
are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms 
and Conditions.]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
[WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Währung, Stückelung 
Currency, Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[] 
Specified Currency 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag (in Worten) 
[] 
Aggregate Principal Amount (in words) 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung7 
[] 
Specified Denomination7 
 
Clearingsystem 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
und/and 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Globalurkunden 
 
Global Notes 
 
 
New Global Notes  
 
 
Classical Global Notes  
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
[Zinssatz 
[] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[] per cent. per annum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinszahlungstag[e] 
[] 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
                                                     
7 Die festgelegte Stückelung darf (i) für den Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in einem 
Mitgliedsstaat des EWR notiert oder in einem Mitgliedsstaat des EWR öffentlich angeboten werden, nicht weniger als Euro 1.000 oder den 
entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung an dem Ausgabetag betragen bzw. (ii) einen Betrag nicht unterschreiten, der von der 
maßgeblichen Zentralbank oder anwendbaren Regulierungen für die maßgebliche Währung gestattet oder vorausgesetzt wird. 
The Specified Denomination shall be, (i) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a 
Member State of the EEA or publicly offered in a Member State of the EEA, at least Euro 1,000 or its foreign currency equivalent on the 
relevant issue date, or (ii) at least such amount as may be allowed or required by the relevant central bank or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant specified currency.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
[Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[halbjährlich] [jährlich] 
Interest shall be payable] 
[semi-annually] [annually] 
[Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date] 
 
[Letzter Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
Last Interest Payment Date] 
 
Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
[] 
Amount of Interest per Note 
 
[ kurze erste Zinsperiode 
short first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ lange erste Zinsperiode 
long first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ kurze letzte Zinsperiode 
short last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]] 
[ lange letzte Zinsperiode 
long last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[]]]8 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
[Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[vierteljährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] im Nachhinein 
Interest shall be payable 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually] in arrear 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
                                                     
8  Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes do not insert.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperioden 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Wochen] 
[Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte Zinsperiode einfü-
gen] 
Specified Interest Periods 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[weeks] [months] [insert other 
specified Interest Period] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
Zinssatz 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
 
Interpolation applicable 
 
[kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
Ja 
[short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period 
Yes 
Referenzzinssätze 
 
Reference Interest Rates 
 
erster Referenzzinssatz 
[ersten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) einfügen]  
first Reference Interest Rate 
[insert first relevant Reference 
Interest Rate (including its 
term)] 
zweiter Referenzzinssatz 
[zweiten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz (einschließlich Lauf-
zeit) einfügen]  
second Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
second 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate 
(including its term)] 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, 
auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate (including its 
term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Ta-
geszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
([Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate (including its

--- Page 145 ---
145 
term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] 
[zweiter] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Tagen 
einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] 
[vor 
[Beginn] 
[Ende]] 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] [second] [insert other 
relevant 
number 
of 
days] 
[day] [Business Day] [prior to 
the [commencement] [end]] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [London] 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
in [London] [insert all relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Marge 
Margin 
 
 
Marge, die sich nicht ändert 
Margin, which does not change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Marge, die sich ändert 
Margin, which does change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages] 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages] 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] [relevanten Informa-
tionsanbieter einfügen]  
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen Page] 
[insert relevant information 
vendor]  
Erste Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
First level of the fall-back provisions 
 
Referenzbanken 
[[] [vier] [andere relevante 
Zahl einfügen] Großbanken im 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[der Euro-Zone]] [Namen der 
Referenzbanken einfügen] 
Reference Banks 
[[] 
[four] 
[insert 
other 
relevant number] major banks 
in the [London] [insert other 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
interbank market [of the Euro-
zone]] 
[Insert 
names 
of 
Reference Banks] 
 
Interbanken-Markt 
[London] [Euro-Zone] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum ein-
fügen] 
Interbank market 
[London] [Euro-zone] [insert 
other 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time 
Zweite Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
Second level of the fall-back provisions 
 
 
Großbanken 
[in [relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
[im 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[der 
Euro-
Zone] 
Major Banks 
[in [insert relevant financial 
centre]] [in the [London] [insert 
other 
relevant 
financial 
centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit am [Feststellungstag] 
[ersten 
Tag 
der 
relevanten 
Zinsperiode] 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[London] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time on the 
[Determination Day] [first day of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz  
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[] % per annum 
[] per cent. per annum]9 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)10 
 
[Feststellungstermin[e] 
[] in jedem Kalenderjahr (jeder 
[Datum einfügen]) 
Determination Date[s] 
[] per each calendar year 
(each [insert date])] 11 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 oder/or 360/360 oder/or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 oder/or Eurobond Basis 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Zahltag 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention12 
Modified Following Business Day Convention12 
 
                                                     
9 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes do not insert. 
10  Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
11 Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer kurzen oder langen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der 
Ausgabetag bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. 
Insert the number of regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a short or long first or last interest period. 
12 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention13 
 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] 
 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention13 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[months] 
[insert 
other 
specified Interest Period] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
TARGET 
 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags 
[Angepasst] [Nicht angepasst] 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat14 
Redemption Month14 
[] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Nennbetrag 
Principal Amount 
 
 
Festgelegter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Festgelegten Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
für 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen, 
der 
nicht niedriger als der Nenn-
betrag der Schuldverschrei-
bung sein darf] 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
[insert 
Specified 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, 
which 
shall 
not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[] 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
                                                     
13 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
14 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] (Call) 
[] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[15 Tage] [andere Mindestkün-
digungsfrist einfügen, die nie 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen 
darf]15 
Minimum Notice Period 
[15 
days] 
[insert 
other 
Minimum Notice Period which 
shall not be less than 5 days] 
15] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Two] [Three] 
Months Par Call)  
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([Two] [Three] Months 
Par Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen 
eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of 
Control 
[Yes] [No] 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] [UND] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
THE FISCAL AGENT [[,] [AND] [THE PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
 
Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] 
Paying Agent[s] and [its] [their] specified office[s] 
[] 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen 
einer Zahlstelle. 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfil the functions of a paying 
agent. 
[] 
 
Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
Calculation Agent and its specified office 
[] 
[Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle 
[]] 
Required location of Calculation Agent 
 
 
Name der relevanten Börse16 
[relevanten Namen einfügen] 
 
Name of relevant stock exchange16 
[insert relevant name] 
 
Sitz der relevanten Börse17 
[relevantes Land einfügen] 
 
Location of relevant stock exchange17 
[insert relevant country] 
                                                     
15 Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die Emittentin 
die Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren hiermit 
zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) berücksichtigen. 
If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which may apply (e.g. 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
16 Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
17 Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
[ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 12) 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 12) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Bedingungen 
[Namen 
und 
Anschrift 
einfügen] 
 
in the Conditions 
[insert name and address]] 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [14]) 
 
NOTICES (§ [14]) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einem geregelten Markt einer 
Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange 
 
 
Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
einer Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes not admitted to trading on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange 
 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [16])18 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE CONDITIONS (§ [16]) 18 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text bindend) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text bindend) 
German and English (English language binding) 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
English only 
 
                                                     
18 In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
TEIL B: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
A. WICHTIGE ANGABEN 
 
A. KEY INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission bzw. dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
[[Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden Gebühren] [des] [der] wirtschaftlichen 
[Interesses] [Interessen] [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [] mit der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangenen 
[Swapvertrags] 
[Derivatevertrags]] 
[haben 
die] 
[Die] 
an 
der 
Emission 
bzw. 
dem 
Angebot 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten Personen [haben] – soweit die Emittentin hiervon Kenntnis hat 
– kein materielles Interesse an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot.] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
[[Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interest[s] of the Manager[s]] [the 
[swap] [derivatives] agreement [] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes], so] 
[So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an 
interest material to the issue or the offering.] [specify details] 
 
Keine 
None 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge19 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelhei-
ten angeben]  
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds19 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös20 [([einschließlich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe 
von [] [, aber]] [ausschließlich [Provisionen] [der geschätzten 
Gesamtkosten der Emission])] 
[] 
Estimated Net Proceeds20 [([including accrued interest in the amount of 
[] [, but]] [excluding [Commissions and Concessions] [the estimated 
total expenses of the issue])] 
 
[Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission21 
[] [(geschätzte Gesamtkosten 
für die Zulassung zum Handel, 
die von den Managern gezahlt 
werden)] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Estimated Total Expenses of the Issue21 
[] [(estimated total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading, which will be paid by the 
Managers)] [Not applicable]] 
B. INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ANZUBIETENDEN [BZW. ZUM HANDEL ZUZULASSENDEN] 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
B. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED [OR ADMITTED TO TRADING] 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[] 
ISIN  
 
 
Common Code 
[] 
                                                     
19 Siehe den Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Falls der Nettoerlös nicht für die im Prospekt in dem Abschnitt mit der 
Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" angegebenen Zwecke verwendet werden soll, sind die Gründe für die Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
einzufügen.  
See the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the net proceeds shall not be applied for the purposes set out in the Prospectus 
in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" insert the reasons for the issue of the Notes.  
20 Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke vorgesehen sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungsszwecke darzustellen. 
If the proceeds are intended to be used for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. 
21  Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Common Code 
 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[] 
German Security Code 
 
 
FISN 
[] 
FISN 
 
 
CFI Nummer 
[] 
CFI Code 
 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[] 
Any Other Security Code 
 
[EZB-Fähigkeit 
der 
im 
NGN-Format 
zu 
begebenden 
Schuldverschreibungen beabsichtigt22 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes to Be Issued in NGN Form 
Intended22 
 
Die Globalurkunden sollen in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden. 
 
The Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
 
 
Ja23 
Yes23 
"Ja" bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrstelle (common safekeeper) hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die 
Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
"Yes" means that the Notes, after having been issued, will be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. "Yes" does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
 
Nein24  
No24 
Auch wenn am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen die Angabe "Nein" lautet, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann, wenn sich die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems in der Zukunft 
dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen diese einhalten können, bei einem ICSD als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) hinterlegt werden. Dies bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
While the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
                                                     
22  Nur einzufügen bei Schuldverschreibungen, die im NGN-Format begeben werden. 
To be inserted only for Notes to be issued in NGN form.  
23  Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, die von einem der ICSDs als Common Safekeeper verwahrt werden sollen. 
Insert only in case of Notes, which are to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper. 
24  Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, die vom Common Service Provider als Common Safekeeper verwahrt werden sollen. 
Insert only in case of Notes, which are to be deposited with the Common Service Provider as Common Safekeeper.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Gesamtemissionsvolumen der [öffentlich angebotenen] [und] [zum 
Handel 
zugelassenen] 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Ist 
das 
Emissionsvolumen 
nicht 
festgelegt, 
Angabe 
des 
maximalen 
Emissionsvolumens der anzubietenden Schuldverschreibungen (sofern 
verfügbar) und eine Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die öffentliche Bekanntmachung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags 
[Einzelheiten angeben] [Eine 
Zusage zum Erwerb oder zur 
Zeichnung 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen kann innerhalb 
von bis zu zwei Arbeitstagen 
nach 
Hinterlegung 
des 
Emissionsvolumens 
der 
öffentlich 
anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wider-
rufen werden.]25 
Total amount of the Notes [offered to the public] [and] [admitted to 
trading]. If the amount is not fixed, an indication of the maximum amount 
of the Notes to be offered (if available) and a description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing to the public the definitive 
amount of the offer 
[specify 
details] 
[The 
acceptance of the purchase or 
subscription of Notes may be 
withdrawn up to two working 
days after the amount of Notes 
to be offered to the public has 
been filed.]25 
Informationen über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung 
des Basiswerts und dessen Volatilität26 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
Information about the Past and Future Performance of the 
Underlying and its Volatility26  
[Not applicable]  
[Einzelheiten über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung des [relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
einfügen] und dessen Volatilität können, [jedoch nicht] kostenfrei, auf elektronischem Weg auf der 
[Bildschirmseite [relevante Bildschirmseite angeben]] [Internetseite [relevante Internetseite angeben]] 
abgerufen werden.  
Detailed information about the past and the future performance of the [insert relevant Reference Interest 
Rate] and its volatility can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, by electronic means from [Screen Page 
[specify relevant Screen Page]] [the website [specify relevant website]].] 
Emissionsrendite im Fall von Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit27 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[] % per 
annum] 
Issue Yield in Case of Redemption at Final Maturity27 
[Not applicable] [[] per cent. 
per annum] 
Vertretung der Gläubiger unter Angabe der die Gläubiger vertretenden 
Organisation und der für diese Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. 
Angabe der Internetseite, auf der die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die 
diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kostenlos einsehen kann28 
[Gemäß § 12 Absatz (6) der 
Bedingungen 
können 
die 
Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger 
bestimmen.] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] [Nicht 
anwendbar]  
Representation of the Holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the Holders and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of the website where the public may have free 
access to the contracts relating to these forms of representation28 
[Pursuant to § 12 (6) of the 
Conditions, the Holders may 
appoint a joint representative to 
exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] [specify 
details] [Not applicable]  
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, welche die Grundlage für 
die Schaffung/Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Die Ermächtigung zur Emission 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgte gemäß Beschluss des 
Vorstands vom [] [und gemäß 
                                                     
25 Nur für den Fall, dass das Gesamtemissionsvolumen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht angegeben werden kann, einfügen. 
Insert only in case the total amount cannot be provided in the Final Terms. 
26 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Retail Notes. 
27 Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
28 Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass gemäß § [11] der Bedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. 
Specify further details in case a Holders' Representative will be appointed pursuant to § [11] of the Conditions.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Beschluss 
des 
Aufsichtsrats 
vom 
[]].] 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes 
will be created and/or issued 
[The issue of the Notes was 
authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the 
Issuer dated [] [and by a 
resolution of the Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer dated []].] 
[specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittentin nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität 
und der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldverschreibungen 
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person 
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden, falls der 
Anbieter eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror 
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading, including 
the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any, where the offeror has legal 
personality 
[specify details] 
C. BEDINGUNGEN UND KONDITIONEN DES ÖFFENTLICHEN 
ANGEBOTS DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN29 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES TO 
THE PUBLIC29 
[Not applicable] 
[Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die 
Antragstellung 
Conditions, Offer Statistics, Expected Timetable and Action Required to Apply for the Offer 
Angebotsbedingungen 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Conditions, to which the offer is subject 
[specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen –, innerhalb derer das 
Angebot gilt, und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
The time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and a description of the application process 
[specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die 
Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
(entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder der 
aggregierten zu investierenden Summe) 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application 
(whether in number of Notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
[specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Schuldverschreibungen und 
ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for their delivery 
[specify details] 
Umfassende Beschreibung der Modalitäten und des Termins für die 
öffentliche Bekanntgabe der Angebotsergebnisse 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A full description of the manner and date in which results of the offer are 
to be made public 
[specify details] 
                                                     
29 Im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert in case of public offers of Retail Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugszeichnungsrechts, 
die Verhandelbarkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung nicht 
ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised 
[specify details] 
Verteilungs- und Zuteilungsplan 
Plan of Distribution and Allotment 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potenziellen Investoren, 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden. 
[qualifizierte 
Anleger] 
[Kleinanleger] 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
The various categories of potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered. 
[qualified 
investors] 
[retail 
investors] [specify details] 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen gleichzeitig an den Märkten zweier 
oder mehrerer Staaten angeboten und ist eine bestimmte Tranche 
einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, so ist diese Tranche anzugeben. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of 
these, indicate any such tranche. 
[specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten 
Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung 
möglich ist. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before notification is made. 
[specify details] 
Preisfestsetzung 
Pricing 
Angabe des Preises, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich 
angeboten werden. 
[] 
An indication of the expected price at which the Notes will be offered.  
[] 
Angabe der Kosten und Steuern, die dem Zeichner oder Käufer in 
Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Indication of the amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser.] 
[specify details] 
D. PLATZIERUNG UND ÜBERNAHME (UNDERWRITING) 
 
D. PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
[Name[n] und Anschrift[en] des [Koordinators] [der Koordinatoren] des 
gesamten Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots.30 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Name[s] and address[es] of the co-ordinator[s] of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place.30] 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
 
                                                     
30 Im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert in case of public offers of Retail Notes.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
[Übernahmevertrag31 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Subscription Agreement31 
[Not applicable] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of the Subscription Agreement 
[specify details] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrags (einschließlich der Quoten) 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement (including the quotas) 
[specify details]] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] 
[einschließlich der Art der Übernahmeverpflichtung] 
 
Details with Regard to the Manager[s] [Including the Type of 
Commitment] 
 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des 
Managers bzw. der Manager 
angeben]  
Manager[s] 
[specify 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) of Manager(s)] 
 
Feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
Ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung (zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen) 
 
Without Firm Commitment (best efforts arrangements) 
 
Kursstabilisierende[r] Manager 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
[Keiner] 
Stabilisation Manager[s] 
[specify details] [None] 
Provisionen32 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Commissions and Concessions32 
[Not applicable] 
 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision 
[] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Management and Underwriting Commission 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
 
Verkaufsprovision 
[] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Selling Concession 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
 
Andere 
[] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Other 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
Gesamtprovision 
[] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Total Commission and Concession 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
E. ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
E. ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
Admission[s] to Trading 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
[ 
Professional Segment des geregelten Marktes der 
 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 
Professional Segment of the regulated market of the
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
 
                                                     
31 Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen, die auf syndizierter Basis vertrieben werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Retail Notes, which are distributed on a syndicated basis. 
32 Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Sonstige Börse 
Other Stock Exchange 
[Namen der Börse einfügen] 
[insert 
name 
of 
Stock 
Exchange] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung[en] 
[] 
Expected Date of Admission[s]  
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel33 
[] [(wird von den Managern 
gezahlt)] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading33 
[] 
[(to 
be 
paid 
by 
the 
Managers)] [Not applicable] 
Angabe 
sämtlicher 
geregelter 
Märkte, 
Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-
Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, an denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
bereits Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Gattung wie die öffentlich 
angebotenen oder zuzulassenden Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel 
zugelassen sind34 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelhei-
ten einfügen] 
All regulated markets, third country markets, SME Growth Market or 
MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class 
as the Notes to be offered to the public or admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading34 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
Namen und Anschrift[en] [des Instituts, das aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage] [der Institute, die aufgrund von festen Zusagen] als 
Intermediär[e] im Sekundärhandel tätig [ist] [sind] und über An- und 
Verkaufskurse 
Liquidität 
zur 
Verfügung 
[stellt] 
[stellen] 
sowie 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen [seiner] [ihrer] Zusage[n]35 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Name[s] and address[es] of the [entity] [entities] which [has] [have] a 
firm commitment to act as [intermediary] [intermediaries] in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of [its] [their] commitment[s] 35 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details]] 
F. WEITERE ANGABEN 
F. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Rating[s] 
[Not applicable] 
[[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
[das 
folgende 
Rating] 
[die 
folgenden  
Ratings] [haben]36: 
[Rating(s) einfügen]  
[The Notes have been] [It is expected that the Notes will be] rated as 
follows36: 
[Rating(s) to be inserted]  
[Es ist eine kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutungen der Ratings, wenn diese vorher von der 
Ratingagentur erstellt wurden, einzufügen. 
A brief explanation of the meanings of the ratings has to be inserted if these have been previously 
published by the rating provider.] 
[Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union 
hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert ist (gemäß dem 
aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten Ratingagenturen, das auf der Internetseite der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (www.esma.europa.eu) veröffentlicht ist) oder die 
Registrierung beantragt hat. 
                                                     
33 Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Retail Notes. 
34 Im Fall einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen. 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original Notes are already admitted to trading. Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale 
Notes. 
35 Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. Nur einfügen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt zum 
Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes. Insert only in case the Notes will be admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
36 Falls die Schuldverschreibungen Einzelratings erhalten, sind diese Ratings einzufügen.  
In case the Notes receive an individual ratings insert such ratings.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is 
registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published 
on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant 
to Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, or has applied for registration.]] 
[Registrierung 
des 
Administrators 
gemäß 
der 
Benchmark-
Verordnung37 
 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation37 
 
Benchmark 
[Namen 
der 
Benchmark 
einfügen] 
Benchmark 
[insert 
name 
of 
the 
Benchmark] 
Administrator der Benchmark  
[Namen des Administrators 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert 
name 
of 
the 
Administrator] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators in das von der Europäischen 
Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und 
Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung 
eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 (die 
"Benchmark-Verordnung") 
erstellte 
und 
geführte 
Register 
der 
Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
[fällt 
[Benchmark 
einfügen] 
aufgrund von Artikel 2 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung nicht in 
den 
Anwendungsbereich 
der 
Benchmark-Verordnung] [gelten 
die 
Übergangsbestimmungen 
nach Artikel 51 der Benchmark-
Verordnung], 
weshalb 
für 
[Namen des Administrators 
einfügen] 
derzeit 
keine 
[einfügen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
innerhalb des EWR ansässig 
ist] 
[Zulassungs- 
oder 
Registrierungspflicht] 
[einfügen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
außerhalb des EWR ansässig 
ist] 
[Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] 
besteht.] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administrator in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
by 
virtue 
of 
Article 
2 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation apply], such that 
[insert name of Administrator] 
is not currently required to 
obtain [insert in case relevant 
administrator 
is 
located 
                                                     
37  Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
within the EEA] [authorisation 
or registration] [insert in case 
relevant 
administrator 
is 
located 
outside 
the 
EEA] 
[recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)].]] 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen  
 
Selling Restrictions  
 
[Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
(im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014)] 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]38  
[Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
(within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014)] 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 38 
[Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der sie 
durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 in nationales Recht 
des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde)] 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]39  
[Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom (within 
the meaning of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EU Withdrawal Act 
2018)] 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 39 
Nicht befreites Angebot 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Non-exempt offer  
[Yes] [No] 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Prospekts 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus 
[Not applicable] 
[ 
Keine Zustimmung 
No Consent 
 
 
Individuelle Zustimmung 
Individual Consent 
 
Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch [den] [die] 
Manager und/oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Von [] (einschließlich) bis [] 
(ausschließlich)] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes can be made by the Manager[s] and/or further financial 
intermediaries 
[From, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] 
Staaten, in die der Prospekt notifiziert wurde und in denen das Angebot 
erfolgen kann 
[Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [,] 
[und] 
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [,] [und] [Republik 
Österreich] 
[und] 
[die 
Niederlande] 
States, into which the Prospectus has been notified and in which the 
offer can be made 
 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[,] [and] [Federal Republic of 
Germany] [,] [and] [Republic of 
Austria] [and] [the Netherlands] 
                                                     
38  Nur dann "Anwendbar" auswählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung einzuordnen sind 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
Select "Applicable" only if the Notes constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared. 
39  Nur dann "Anwendbar" auswählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung einzuordnen sind 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
Select "Applicable" only if the Notes constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Name[n] und Adresse[n] [des Managers] [der Manager] [und] [oder] 
[des Finanzintermediärs] [der Finanzintermediäre] 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des 
Managers 
/ 
der 
Manager 
und/oder des Finanzinterme-
diärs / der Finanzintermediäre 
einfügen] 
Name[s] and address[es] of the Manager[s] [and] [or] financial 
[intermediary] [intermediaries] 
[insert 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) of the relevant 
Manager(s) and/or financial 
intermediar(y)(ies)] 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die 
für die Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
relevant sind 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the 
use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
 
Generelle Zustimmung 
General Consent 
 
Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch [den] [die] 
Manager und/oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Von [] (einschließlich) bis [] 
(ausschließlich)] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes can be made by the Manager[s] and/or further financial 
intermediaries 
[From, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] 
Staaten, in die der Prospekt notifiziert wurde und in denen das Angebot 
erfolgen kann 
[Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [,] 
[und] 
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [,] [und] [Republik 
Österreich] 
[und] 
[die 
Niederlande] 
States, into which the Prospectus has been notified and in which the 
offer can be made 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[,] [and] [Federal Republic of 
Germany] [,] [and] [Republic of 
Austria] [and] [the Netherlands] 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die 
für die Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
relevant sind 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the 
use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details]] 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Third Party Information 
[Not applicable] 
[[Die oben aufgeführten Ratings wurden in der von der jeweils maßgeblichen Ratingagentur erhaltenen 
Form 
wiedergegeben] 
[[und] 
[relevante 
Informationen 
angeben] 
wurde[n] 
aus 
[relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] extrahiert]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt 
wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhalten, die 
die wiedergegebenen Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. Die Emittentin hat diese 
Angaben nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
[The ratings set out above have been sourced from each relevant rating agency] [[and] [specify relevant 
information] [has] [have] been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Sixt SE 
[Namen und Titel der Unterzeichnenden angeben] 
[specify names and titles of signatories]

--- Page 162 ---
162 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Conditions may provide that the Holders may agree to amendments or decide on other matters 
relating to the Notes by way of majority resolution to be passed by taking votes without a meeting 
pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et seqq. SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). Any such resolution duly 
adopted by majority resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue 
of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in 
favour of or against such resolution. 
Under the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), these rules are 
largely mandatory, although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in 
or incorporated into the Conditions. 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge 
before German courts. 
Specific Rules Regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be 
(i) a notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the 
"Holders' Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited 
by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
Such notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it 
is established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a 
meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder 
participating in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from 
the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall promptly publish the result. If 
the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform 
the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of 
such proceedings. 
Rules Regarding Holders' Meetings Applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings 
of Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding 
Notes so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and 
exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The 
place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's registered office, 
provided, however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the EU or the

--- Page 163 ---
163 
European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting 
out the proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes participate in the vote. If the quorum is not reached, a 
second meeting may be called at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution 
may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any 
resolutions passed by for such purpose by majority resolution the Holders are subject to the provisions 
of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set 
aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following 
the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
DESCRIPTION OF SIXT SE AS ISSUER  
Organisational Structure 
Sixt SE is the parent and holding company for the Sixt Group and is responsible for the strategic and 
financial management of the Sixt Group. It also carries out various central management and 
administrative services for the Sixt Group's subsidiaries and key financing functions, primarily for the 
Mobility Business Unit. In the Sixt Group's Mobility Business Unit, business operations are conducted 
by the respective subsidiaries of Sixt SE.  
The following chart shows the relevant operational structure of the Sixt Group as at 31 December 
2020. 
 
SIXT GMBH & CO. AUTOVERMIETUNG
KG 
SIXT GMBH 
SIXT RIDE GMBH & CO. KG 
SIXT CAR SALES GMBH 
SXT TELESALES GMBH 
SXT DIENSTLEISTUNGEN  
GMBH & CO. KG 
SXT RESERVIERUNGS-UND VERTRIEBS- 
GMBH & CO. KG 
SIXT G.M.B.H 
SIXT ASSET AND FINANCE SAS 
SIXT SAS 
SIXT RENT-A-CAR AG 
SIXT RENT A CAR LTD 
SIXT INSURANCE SERVICES POC LTD 
UNITED RENTAL GROUP LTD 
SIXT RENT A CAR S.L.U. 
SIXT RENT A CAR SRL 
 SIXT BELGIUM BV 
 SIXT B.V. 
SIXT S.Á.R.L. 
SIXT CAR SALES, LLC 
SIXT RENT A CAR, LLC 
SIXT FRANCHISE USA, LLC 
SIXT R & D PRIVATE LIMITED 
TOV, 6-SYSTEMS 
Vösendorf; 100% 
Bangalore; 100% 
S I X T   S E  
M O B I L I T Y 
O T H E R 
SEGMENT GERMANY 
SEGMENT EUROPE 
SEGMENT 
NORTH AMERICA 
Pullach; 100% 
Pullach; 100% 
Pullach; 100% 
Garching; 100% 
Berlin; 100% 
Rostock; 100% 
Rostock; 100% 
SIXT S.Á.R.L. 
Avrigny; 100% 
Avrigny; 100% 
Basel; 100% 
Langley; 100% 
St Peter Port; 100% 
Chesterfield; 100% 
Palma de Mallorca; 100% 
Eppan; 100% 
Machelen; 100% 
Hoofddorp; 100% 
Luxembourgh; 100% 
Monaco; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Kiev; 100%

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Statutory Auditors 
The independent auditors of Sixt SE are Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich 
("Deloitte"), 
a 
member 
of 
the 
German 
Chamber 
of 
Public 
Accountants, 
Berlin 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). Deloitte audited the German language consolidated financial statements 
of Sixt SE for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, and issued, in 
each case, an unqualified independent auditors' report. 
Selected Financial Information for the Sixt Group 
The following tables set out selected financial information of the Sixt Group as at and for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 which has been taken or derived from the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 
2020, as contained in the annual report 2020 of Sixt SE (the "Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE"). The 
financial information as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 represents the prior 
year comparative figures within the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE. The following selected financial 
information as at and for the three-month periods ended on 31 March 2021 and 2020 has been taken 
or derived from the condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the 
three-month period ended on 31 March 2021, which was neither audited nor reviewed, as contained in 
the Group Quarterly Statement of Sixt SE as at 31 March 2021 (the "Group Quarterly Statement as 
at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE") 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial years ended on 31 
December 2020 and 2019 were prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted in the EU ("IFRS"). The audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as 
at and for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 are incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus.  
Due to the sale of its 41.9 per cent. stake in Sixt Leasing SE as of July 2020, in the tables below as 
well as in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020, the 
2019 figures have been restated for purposes of comparison according to the provisions of IFRS 5. 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the three-month 
period ended on 31 March 2021, which has been prepared in accordance with the IFRS recognition, 
measurement and presentation principles and which was neither audited nor reviewed, is incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus.  
The following selected financial information should be read, in particular, in conjunction with the 
Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE and with the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at 
and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 as contained in the annual report 2019 of Sixt 
SE (the "Annual Report 2019 of Sixt SE") and the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 
of Sixt SE.  
Unless otherwise stated, the following key figures include the business activities of the Mobility 
Business Unit as well as the other continuing operations not allocated to the Mobility Business Unit. 
Earnings after taxes and cash flows for the discontinued Leasing business unit that was sold in July 
2020 are disclosed separately in the Income Statement and the Cash Flow Statement according to 
IFRS 5. Previous years' figures have been restated for comparison purposes where necessary. 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement Data 
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2021  
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2020  
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2020 
 
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Revenue 
329,862 
488,480 
1,532,089 
2,501,431 
Depreciation and 
79,410 
117,433 
458,083 
518,496

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement Data 
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2021  
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2020  
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2020 
 
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
amortisation 
expense including 
impairments 
Earnings before 
interest and taxes 
(EBIT) 
-4,902 
4,155 
-48,705 
338,561 
Earnings before 
taxes (EBT) 
-13,712 
-5,133 
-81,546 
308,239 
Consolidated 
profit for the 
period 
-10,000 
16,1591 
1,9671 
246,8111 
Of which are 
attributable to 
minority interests 
1 
15,696 
35,213 
12,464 
1 
In accordance with IFRS 5, Consolidated profit for the period includes the Result from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
which amounted to EUR 100,775 thousand in the financial year ended on 31 December 2020, EUR 21,462 thousand in the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2019 (restated) and EUR 25,796 thousand in the three months ended on 31 March 
2020.  
Selected Consolidated Balance 
Sheet Data 
As at 
31 March 
2021 
As at 
31 December 
2020 
 
As at 
31 December 
2019 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Total shareholders' equity  
1,400,003 
1,394,709 
1,592,154 
Balance sheet total  
4,422,598 
4,428,486 
6,249,446 
Equity ratio (i.e. the ratio of total 
shareholders' equity to balance sheet 
total) (in %) 
31.7 
31.5 
 
 
25.5 
 
 
Non-current financial liabilities  
1,912,437 
1,928,579 
2,652,691 
Current financial liabilities  
308,502 
449,612 
784,518 
 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Cash Flow Data 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Net cash flows 
from/used in 
operating 
activities 
146,152 
-158,3961 
641,2691 
-147,0241 
Net cash flows 
-161,455 
382,4412 
-188,8252 
213,7672

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Cash Flow Data 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
used in/from 
financing 
activities 
Net cash flows 
from/used in 
investing 
activities 
-12,167 
-8,0923 
16,3283 
-37,6323 
Gross cash flow  
67,776 
114,370 
319,038 
706,299 
1 
The figures shown are the "Net cash flows from/used in operating activities of continuing operations". "Net cash flows 
from/used in operating activities of discontinued operations" amounted to EUR 28,012 thousand in the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2020, EUR 106,281 thousand in the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 (restated) and EUR -2,969 
thousand in the three months ended on 31 March 2020. 
2 
The figures shown are the "Net cash flows used in/from financing activities of continuing operations". "Net cash flows 
from/used in financing activities of discontinued operations" amounted to EUR 99,183 thousand in the financial year ended on 
31 December 2020, EUR -106,257 thousand in the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 (restated) and EUR 98,940 
thousand in the three months ended on 31 March 2020. 
3 
The figures shown are the "Net cash flows from/used in investing activities of continuing operations". "Net cash flows used in 
investing activities of discontinued operations" amounted to EUR -3,716 thousand in the financial year ended on 31 
December 2020, EUR -7,083 thousand in the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 (restated) and EUR -1,819 
thousand in the three months ended on 31 March 2020. 
Additional Key Figures 
Selected 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Financial Year 
 ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(in EUR thousand)* 
Sixt Group 
(consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
74,508 
121,588 
409,378 
857,057 
Operating 
revenue 
327,347 
485,493 
1,520,227 
2,494,305 
Operating return 
on revenue (in 
%)1 
-4.2 
-1.1 
-5.4 
12.4 
 
Selected 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(in EUR thousand)* 
Mobility 
Business Unit 
 
 
 
 
Operating 
revenue 
327,347 
485,493 
1,520,227 
2,494,305

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Selected 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2019 (restated) 
 
 
(in EUR thousand)* 
Mobility 
Business Unit 
 
 
 
 
Corporate 
EBITDA (in EUR 
million)2 
17.1 
28.1 
75.6 
414.7 
EBT (in EUR 
million) 
-13.3 
-4.7 
-83.0 
309.2 
Operating return 
on revenue (in 
%)1 
-4.1 
-1.0 
-5.5 
12.4 
 
 
 
 
 
Thereof 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Operating 
revenue (in EUR 
million) 
135.2 
208.1 
679.5 
978.4 
Corporate 
EBITDA (in EUR 
million) 2 
-5.0 
34.7 
48.7 
176.3 
 
 
 
 
 
Thereof Europe 
 
 
 
 
Operating 
revenue (in EUR 
million) 
109.9 
171.9 
576.6 
1,032.7 
Corporate 
EBITDA (in EUR 
million) 2 
5.5 
5.0 
78.9 
209.8 
 
 
 
 
 
Thereof North 
America 
 
 
 
 
Operating 
revenue (in EUR 
million) 
82.3 
105.5 
264.2 
483.3 
Corporate 
EBITDA (in EUR 
million) 2 
16.5 
-11.5 
-52.0 
28.5 
* 
Unless indicated otherwise. 
1 
Ratio of EBT to operating revenue 
2 
The profitability of the Mobility Business Unit is represented by the industry-standard key figure Corporate EBITDA, which 
includes all fleet-related expenses such as interest and depreciation. Corporate EBITDA is the sum of earnings before 
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments (EBITDA) minus depreciation of rental vehicles 
and net interest expense relating to the Mobility Business Unit. 
The quarterly development of the Mobility Business Unit's Operating Revenue and Corporate EBITDA 
in the course of the year 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 was as follows:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Operating Revenue of the Mobility Business Unit 
 
in EUR million 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2020 
3 months 
ended on 
30 June 
2020 
 
3 months 
ended on 
30 
September 
2020 
3 months 
ended on 
31 December 
2020 
Total 
327.3 
485.5 
225.8 
459.7 
349.3 
Thereof Germany 
135.2 
208.1 
120.6 
187.8 
163.0 
Thereof Europe 
109.9 
171.9 
66.9 
212.1 
125.7 
Thereof North 
America 
82.3 
105.5 
38.3 
59.8 
60.6 
 
 
Corporate EBITDA of the Mobility Business Unit 
 
in EUR million 
 
 
 
3 months ended on 
31 March 
2021 
3 months ended on 
31 March 
2020 
Total 
 
 
 
17.1 
28.1 
Thereof Germany 
 
 
 
-5.0 
34.7 
Thereof Europe 
 
 
 
5.5 
5.0 
Thereof North America 
 
 
 
16.5 
-11.5 
 
 
Selected Credit-related Alternative 
Performance Measures 
As at 
31 March 
2021 
As at 
31 December 
2020 
 
As at 
31 December 
2019 
 
Sixt Group (consolidated) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR million)* 
Net financial debt1 
1,490.3 
1,624.9 
3,266.7 
Net financial debt / EBITDA2 
20.0 
4.0 
3.8 
Net interest expense3 
8.7 
34.5 
30.4 
Interest coverage4 
8.5 
11.9 
28.2 
* 
Applies only to net financial debt and net interest expense; the other figures are ratios. 
1  
Net financial debt is calculated as "non-current financial liabilities" plus "current financial liabilities" minus "cash and bank 
balances", each as shown in the consolidated balance sheet.  
2 
Net financial debt / EBITDA is calculated as "net financial debt" divided by EBITDA, each as shown in the tables above. 
Investors should note that net financial debt / EBITDA as at 31 December 2019 is not comparable to the corresponding ratio 
as at 31 December 2020 due to the restatement of EBITDA as at 31 December 2019 according to IFRS 5. Investors should 
note that net financial debt / EBITDA for the three months ended on 31 March 2021 is not comparable to the full year figures 
2020 and 2019 because EBITDA only covers three months as opposed to a full year.  
3 
Net interest expense is the sum of "other interest and similar income", and "interest and similar expenses", as shown in Note 
4.7 to the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE (excluding other net financial income) as at and for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2020 for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 and as shown in 
section “Additional Financial Information” in the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE for the three 
months ended on 31 March 2021. 
4 
Interest coverage is calculated as EBITDA divided by net interest expense as shown above.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
The Sixt Group's Net Financial Debt amounted to EUR 2,593.5 million in the year 2018, to EUR 
2,203.5 million in the year 2017 and to EUR 2,084.9 in the year 2016. 
The Sixt Group's Equity Ratio as calculated as the ratio of total shareholders' equity to balance sheet 
total amounted to 27.8 per cent. in the year 2018, to 26.2 per cent. in the year 2017 and to 26.8 per 
cent. in the year 2016. 
The Sixt Group presents and/or uses the alternative performance measures EBITDA, Corporate 
EBITDA, operating revenue and operating return on revenue as well as net financial debt, net financial 
debt / EBITDA, net interest expense and interest coverage (together, the "Alternative Performance 
Measures"), that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. The Alternative 
Performance Measures are alternative performance measures as defined in the guidelines issued by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 October 2015. 
The Alternative Performance Measure EBITDA is presented by the Issuer for the Sixt Group taken as 
a whole because it believes that such measure is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and 
other interested parties in evaluating companies in the Sixt Group's industry. The Sixt Group 
calculates EBITDA as the sum of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) and depreciation and 
amortisation expense including impairments.  
The Alternative Performance Measure Corporate EBITDA is a key industry standard parameter to 
measure profitability and also the key parameter for the Managing Board's assessment of the 
individual segments' performance. Corporate EBITDA is the sum of earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments (EBITDA) minus depreciation of rental 
vehicles and net interest expense relating to the Mobility Business Unit.  
The Sixt Group presents the Alternative Performance Measures operating revenue and operating 
return on revenue both on Group level and Mobility Business Unit level as parameters used by the 
management of the Issuer in monitoring its business. The Sixt Group and the Mobility Business Unit 
calculate operating revenue as sum of the revenue from rental business (i.e. rental revenue and other 
revenue from rental business). The Sixt Group calculates operating return on revenue as the ratio of 
consolidated earnings before taxes (EBT) to operating revenue. The Mobility Business Unit calculates 
operating return on revenue as the ratio of earnings before taxes (EBT) of the Mobility Business Unit 
to operating revenue. 
The Sixt Group presents the Alternative Performance Measures net financial debt, net financial debt / 
EBITDA, net interest expense and interest coverage because it believes that such measures are 
frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in evaluating companies 
that take out debt financing, in particular in the form of bonds. 
The Sixt Group's net financial debt is calculated as "non-current financial liabilities" plus "current 
financial liabilities" minus "cash and bank balances". The Alternative Performance Measure net 
financial debt / EBITDA is the ratio of net financial debt divided by EBITDA as defined before. 
Net interest expense is the sum of other interest and similar income, and interest and similar 
expenses, as shown in Note 4.7 to the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE (excluding 
other net financial income) as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020 for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 and as shown in the section "Additional 
Financial Information" in the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE for the three 
months ended on 31 March 2021. 
Interest coverage is calculated as EBITDA divided by net interest expense as defined above. 
The Alternative Performance Measures are not recognised as measures under IFRS (or the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – "HGB")) and should not be considered as substitutes for 
figures determined in accordance with IFRS, or as measures of profitability or liquidity. The Alternative 
Performance Measures do not indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for the Sixt 
Group's cash requirements (including debt service), and they may not necessarily develop in line with

--- Page 171 ---
171 
the Sixt Group's operating results. The Alternative Performance Measures are not meant to be 
indicative of future results. Because not all companies calculate these Alternative Performance 
Measures in the same way, the Sixt Group's presentation of the Alternative Performance Measures is 
not necessarily comparable with similarly-entitled measures used by other companies.  
Consolidated Revenue, Operating Revenue, Corporate EBITDA, EBIT, Operating Return on 
Revenue and Consolidated Profit of the Sixt Group  
The following financial information of the Sixt Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 has been taken or derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as 
at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020, as contained in the Annual Report 2020 of 
Sixt SE. The financial information as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 
represents the prior year comparative figures within the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE. The following 
selected financial information as at and for the three-month periods ended on 31 March 2021 and 
2020 has been taken or derived from the condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt 
SE as at and for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2021, which was neither audited nor 
reviewed, as contained in the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE. 
The consolidated revenue of the Sixt Group was EUR 1,532.1 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 2,501.4 
million). In the first three months of 2021, consolidated revenue of the Sixt Group was EUR 329.9 
million (first three months 2020: EUR 488.5 million).  
The operating revenue of the Sixt Group was EUR 1,520.2 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 2,494.3 
million). In the first three months of 2021, operating revenue of the Sixt Group was EUR 327.3 million 
(first three months 2020: EUR 485.5 million).  
Corporate EBITDA of the Sixt Group was EUR 82.5 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 420.8 million). Thereof 
an amount of EUR 6.9 million (2019: EUR 6.1 million) is allocated to the "Other" segment. In the first 
three months of 2021, Corporate EBITDA of the Sixt Group was EUR 18.3 million (first three months 
2020: EUR 30.3 million). Thereof an amount of EUR 1.3 million (first three months of 2020: EUR 2.2 
million) is allocated to the "Other" segment. 
Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of the Sixt Group amounted to EUR -48.7 million in 2020 
(2019: EUR 338.6 million) and EUR -4.9 million in the first three months of 2021 (first three months of 
2020: EUR 4.2 million). Depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments of the Sixt 
Group were EUR 458.1 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 518.5 million) and EUR 79.4 million the first three 
months of 2021 (first three months of 2020: EUR 117.4 million).  
In the year 2020, operating return on revenue of the Sixt Group, i.e. the ratio of earnings before taxes 
(EBT) to consolidated operating revenue amounted to -5.4 per cent. after a positive 12.4 per cent. in 
2019. In the year 2018, the operating return on revenue was at 12.4 per cent. as well, in the year 2017 
at 10.3 per cent. (figures from 2019, 2018 and 2017 adjusted for the sale of the Leasing Business 
Unit). In the year 2016, operating return on revenue was at 10.3 per cent., in the year 2015 at 9.6 per 
cent., in the year 2014 at 9.5 per cent., in the year 2013 at 9.1 per cent., in the year 2012 at 8.3 per 
cent., in the year 2011 at 10.1 per cent. and in the year 2010 at 7.7 per cent. 
The consolidated profit, i.e. the result from continuing and discontinued operations net after taxes of 
the Sixt Group in the year 2020 was EUR 2.0 million (2019: EUR 246.8 million). Thereof EUR -98.8 
million (2019: EUR 225.3 million) were attributable to continuing operations. EUR 100.8 million (2019: 
EUR 21.5 million) were recorded for discontinued operations. Out of the result of EUR 100.8 million 
from discontinued operations in 2020, EUR 40.1 million are attributable to the net gain on sale and 
EUR 60.6 million include the profit after taxes of Sixt Leasing SE until the sale according to IFRS 5. In 
the first three months of 2021, the consolidated profit of the Sixt Group was EUR -10.0 million (first 
three months 2020: EUR 16.2 million, thereof EUR -9.6 million were attributable to continuing 
operations).

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Operating Revenue, Corporate EBITDA, EBT and Operating Return on Revenue of the Mobility 
Business Unit  
The following financial information for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 has 
been taken or derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2020, as contained in the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE. The 
financial information as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 represents the prior 
year comparative figures within the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE. The following selected financial 
information as at and for the three-month periods ended on 31 March 2021 and 2020 has been taken 
or derived from the condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the 
three-month period ended on 31 March 2021, which was neither audited nor reviewed, as contained in 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE.  
The operating revenue generated in 2020 by the Mobility Business Unit was EUR 1,520.2 million 
(2019: EUR 2,494.3 million). The operating revenue of the Mobility Business Unit comprises rental 
revenue of EUR 1,362.4 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 2,252.0 million) and other revenue from rental 
business amounting in aggregate to EUR 157.8 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 242.3 million). In the first 
three months of 2021, the operating revenue of the Mobility Business Unit amounted to EUR 327.3 
million (first three months 2020: EUR 485.5 million) and comprised rental revenue of EUR 289.0 
million (first three months 2020: EUR 429.0 million) and other revenue from rental business amounting 
in aggregate to EUR 38.3 million (first three months 2020: EUR 56.5 million).  
Corporate EBITDA of the Mobility Business Unit was EUR 75.6 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 414.7 
million). In the three segments of the Mobility Business Unit Corporate EBITDA developed as follows: 
It reached EUR 48.7 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 176.3 million) in the segment Germany, EUR 78.9 
million in 2020 (2019: EUR 209.8 million) in the segment Europe and EUR -52.0 million (2019: EUR 
28.5 million) in the segment North America. In 2020, an amount of EUR 6.9 million (2019: EUR 6.1 
million) was allocated to the "Other" segment. In the first three months of 2021, Corporate EBITDA of 
the Mobility Business Unit was EUR 17.1 million (first three months 2020: EUR 28.1 million).  
The earnings before taxes (EBT) of the Mobility Business Unit in 2020 were EUR -83.0 million (2019: 
EUR 309.2 million). The operating return on revenue in the Mobility Business Unit, i.e., the ratio of 
earnings before taxes (EBT) to the Mobility Business Unit's operating revenue, came to -5.5 per cent. 
in 2020 (2019: 12.4 per cent.). In the first three months of 2021, earnings before taxes of the Mobility 
Business Unit came to EUR -13.3 million (first three months 2020: EUR -4.7 million). The operating 
return on revenue in the Mobility Business Unit, i.e., the ratio of earnings before taxes (EBT) to the 
Mobility Business Unit's operating revenue, came to -4.1 per cent. in the first three months of 2021 
(first three months 2020: -1.0 per cent.). 
Information about Sixt SE 
Sixt SE is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea - SE). It was incorporated in Germany on 
28 December 1979 as "Sixt Autovermietung GmbH", a limited liability company (GmbH) organised 
under German law. As at 30 June 1986, the conversion of the Issuer into a stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) became effective, and as at 6 August 2013, its conversion into a European stock 
corporation (Societas Europaea - SE) became effective. Sixt SE has been established for an indefinite 
term. In its capacity as European stock corporation, the Issuer is governed by the specific European 
SE regulations, in particular Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 on the Statute for a European 
company (SE), the German SE Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG), the German 
Public Companies Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and Sixt SE's articles of association (Satzung). 
Sixt SE has its registered office in Pullach, Germany. It is registered as "Sixt SE" with the commercial 
register of the Munich local court (Amtsgericht) under registration number HRB 206738. "Sixt SE" is 
both the legal and commercial name of Sixt SE. 
Sixt SE's registered head office is located at Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Germany; its 
telephone number is: +49 (0)89 7 44 44 4260.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Branches of Sixt SE are located in Leipzig, Germany, and at the Airport of Munich, Germany. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Sixt SE is 5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07. 
The website of Sixt SE is https://about.sixt.com/websites/sixt_cc/English/0/about-us.html. The 
information on the aforementioned website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated in this Prospectus. 
Business Overview 
Principal Activities of Sixt SE and the Sixt Group 
The Sixt Group is an international provider of premium mobility products and services active with own 
Group companies in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, the 
Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom (in Europe) as well as in the USA (together 
the "Sixt Corporate Countries"). Other world regions are covered by franchisees and cooperation 
partners (together the "Sixt Franchise Countries"), who are entitled to use the Sixt brand name. Sixt 
pursues a premium strategy, which is based on its aspiration to provide business as well as private 
customers with top-quality solutions for their respective mobility requirements, which are characterised 
by flexible processes and ease of use. Key elements in this strategy are the high service standard, a 
comparatively young fleet with an average holding period of only around six months and a high 
proportion of fleet vehicles coming from renowned manufacturer brands such as BMW, Mercedes or 
Audi. In this sense, Sixt defines itself as a premium service provider and considers this to be an 
important advantage in international competition. 
The basis for the operative business is a worldwide network of rental stations totalling 2,067 at the end 
of 2020 (including Sixt Franchise Countries; 2019: 2,111 stations) which are located in around 110 
countries. In some regions, customers can also make use of digital stations to reserve, rent and pick 
up vehicles at additional places such as parking garages simply with the help of their smartphone and 
the SIXT app and thus without the need for Sixt to maintain a physical Sixt car rental station.  
The Sixt Group intends to further expand its performance range with new products and services. One 
focal point is the increasing usage of online and mobile technologies to meet growing customer 
demands for flexible mobility, which is constantly and easily available. Therefore, the technological 
platform ONE was launched in 2019. It is the basis for the consistent digitisation of the product 
portfolio (via the SIXT app) as well as of the sales channels and internal operating processes. The 
SIXT app provides access to the product categories SIXT rent (vehicle rental), SIXT share 
(carsharing), SIXT ride (transfer services) and since 2020 also to SIXT+ (car subscription). Through 
the integration of digital vehicle rentals, carsharing, car subscription as well as the brokerage of driver 
and taxi services, the SIXT app gives customers access to over 200,000 vehicles and mobility 
services from over 1,500 partners in over 250 cities worldwide.  
Sixt bases its digitisation strategy on changing customer requirements for their mobility and user 
behaviour in the wake of technological developments, primarily in the area of online and mobile 
services. At the end of 2020, around 72 per cent. (end of 2019: 70 per cent.) of reservations in the 
Mobility Business Unit, which comprises all mobility services of the Sixt Group, were made via Sixt's 
online and mobile channels. Furthermore, Sixt uses digital channels, such as the Group's websites 
and social media accounts, to engage in a continuing dialogue with its customers and the wider public 
and to engage in regular and continual marketing activities.  
Vehicle Rental Sector in General 
The global vehicle rental markets are characterised by intense competition and, until the outbreak of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, moderate long-term growth in market volume. In 2020, the rental industry 
was severely impacted by the effects of the global Corona crisis, which as of mid-March had brought 
national and international travel to a near standstill for some time. As a result, large major competitors 
of the Issuer have become insolvent or have had to undergo financial restructuring.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
The vehicle rental markets worldwide are dominated by a few large internationally operating vehicle 
rental companies. One industry trend is the ongoing process of concentration. This affects above all 
smaller vehicle rental providers with only regional exposure, which are, among other things, less able 
to invest in their fleets and digitisation and to meet the mobility demands of their customers, in 
particular, the growing demand for user-friendly online and mobile technologies, flexible mobility 
models as well as option packages and powertrains in the rental fleets. The Issuer believes that larger 
internationally operating vehicle rental companies are in a comparably better position to satisfy the 
mobility demands of business travellers and large tourism companies for time-saving and flexible 
solutions.  
Another trend with increasing relevance is, in the Issuer's opinion, the advancing digitisation of the 
vehicle rental process and the development of integrated mobility solutions.  
In addition, the industry continues to be influenced by the trend that ownership of a private vehicle is 
losing significance, especially in larger cities and metropolitan areas, while a broad mix of mobility is 
gaining more appeal. More and more users tend to demand situation-specific mobility directed at their 
individual needs while making use of combined mobility models. This development also affects 
corporate incentive models, as companies are looking for alternatives to company cars. 
For 2019, the market information service Euromonitor International registered revenue volumes just 
above the level of the preceding year for larger European vehicle rental markets. In the European Sixt 
Corporate Countries of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland 
and the United Kingdom, market volume went up 2.3 per cent. to EUR 11.5 billion from the EUR 11.2 
billion recorded in 2018. In Germany, market volume climbed to EUR 2.5 billion and was thus 2.7 per 
cent. higher than the previous year's level (2018: EUR 2.5 billion). The French vehicle rental market 
recorded a volume of EUR 2.7 billion, an increase of 1.0 per cent. over the previous year (2018: EUR 
2.7 billion). In Italy market volume expanded 3.8 per cent. to EUR 1.3 billion (2018: EUR 1.3 billion). 
Spain recorded growth of 2.4 per cent. to EUR 1.7 billion compared to EUR 1.6 billion in 2018. Market 
volumes in the UK increased 1.1 per cent. to GBP 1.4 billion (2018: GBP 1.4 billion), while in the USA, 
the by far biggest rental market worldwide, market volume was USD 31.0 billion after USD 30.4 billion 
in 2018, an increase of 1.9 per cent.  
According to Euromonitor International, there were no significant shifts in the revenue allocations by 
customer groups in the vehicle rental industry in 2019 compared with the previous year. In Germany, 
the share of business travellers remained almost stable in 2019 at 51 per cent (2018: 52 per cent.) 
and the share of private travellers remained almost constant at 42 per cent (2018: 41 per cent.). In the 
European markets relevant for the Mobility Business Unit of the Issuer (e.g. Austria, Belgium, France, 
Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom), in 2019, the share of 
private travellers remained almost stable at 48 per cent. (2018: 47 per cent.) with the share of 
business travellers also almost stable at 46 per cent. (2018: 47 per cent.). In the United States, in 
2019, the proportion of business travellers remained almost unchanged at 31 per cent. (2018: 32 per 
cent.) and private travellers stayed stable at 39 per cent. (2018: 39 per cent.). The lower portion of 
business and private travellers as compared to the European markets is due to the substantially 
stronger accident replacement business in the USA, which accounts for a stable revenue share of 29 
per cent. in 2019 (2018: 29 per cent.). 
For 2020, Euromonitor International registered a sharp decline in overall car rental sales of 32 per 
cent. to EUR 1.7 billion for Germany due to event cancellations, grounded flights, travel restrictions 
and general pandemic-related low demand. Euromonitor International states that as a result of the 
overproportionate decline in business arrivals, the share gap of private and business travellers in 
Germany virtually closed to zero with both customer segments at 47 per cent. Online bookings 
improved slightly to 61 per cent. (2019: 60 per cent.) of overall bookings.  
Market Position and Positioning 
The Sixt brand enjoys a strong presence and Sixt is continually driving forward its international 
expansion. The global presence is based on own national organisations in the Sixt Corporate 
Countries and collaboration with franchisees and cooperation partners in the Sixt Franchise Countries.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Until 2020, the operating business of the Sixt Group was represented by the two Business Units 
Mobility and Leasing. Following the sale of the share in Sixt Leasing SE in July 2020 and the 
discontinuation of the Leasing Business Unit, Sixt SE now is segmenting the operating business of the 
continuing Mobility Business Unit by regions. A distinction is made between the reporting segments 
Germany, Europe (excluding Germany) and North America, whereby the geographic information is 
allocated according to the respective Group company's country of domicile. The Other segment 
comprises all activities of the Sixt Group that cannot be allocated to the Mobility Business Unit, which 
do not account for a significant share of the Sixt Group's revenue and earnings and are therefore not 
reported separately. 
Segment Germany: In its German home market, Sixt is the market leader in the vehicle rental market 
and holds, according to Euromonitor International and own estimates, a market share of around 41 per 
cent. (2019: 39 per cent.). One focal point of Sixt's business in Germany has always been on business 
clients, with Sixt serving companies and corporations of all sizes. However, the share of private 
customers and tourists has increased in recent years. As the development of the Sixt Group was more 
affected abroad by the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group's revenue share of the 
domestic business increased to 45 per cent. (2019: 39 per cent.). At the end of 2020, Sixt had a 
nationwide network of 471 stations across Germany (2019: 531 stations), of which 36 are located at 
airports. The segment Germany also holds the largest proportion of the Group-wide rental fleet.  
Segment Europe: Since the mid-1990s, Sixt has been consistently expanding its presence in further 
European countries other than Germany. With presence through own subsidiaries in Austria, Belgium, 
France, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Spain, Sixt 
focuses with own organisation on those countries, which taken together, account for by far the largest 
share of the European vehicle rental market. According to Euromonitor International, France was the 
largest single market in Europe ahead of Germany and Spain until 2019, but was surpassed by the 
German market in 2020, which was hit much less by travel restrictions during the first months of the 
pandemic. The private/tourist customer group plays a key role for Sixt in its European Sixt Corporate 
Countries (excluding Germany), as Sixt is active in such popular holiday destinations as Spain, France 
and Italy. According to own estimations derived from Euromonitor International data, the overall 
market share in the Sixt Corporate Countries in Europe is clearly above 10 per cent. The number of 
stations in the European Sixt Corporate Countries (excluding Germany) at the end of 2020 came to 
435 (2019: 440 stations). 
Segment North America: The USA is the world's largest vehicle rental market, in which the Sixt Group 
has developed into the fourth-largest provider within a matter of a few years. The United States is the 
second largest single market for the Sixt Group, both by revenue as well as fleet size. While the initial 
focus was primarily European tourists travelling to the USA, the share of American private and 
corporate customers has gone up significantly over the last years. In the third quarter of the financial 
year 2020, Sixt took over ten strategically important locations at airports in the USA from a competitor. 
According to own calculations, the market size of the new locations alone comes to around USD 3.4 
billion per annum. By the end of 2020, all of the new locations had opened up, with the exception of 
LaGuardia Airport in New York, which is expected to open up in June 2021. At the end of 2020, Sixt 
had a total of 100 stations in the USA (2019: 65 stations).  
The Sixt Group offers its customers a large proportion of well-equipped vehicles by renowned 
manufacturers. In 2020, around 55 per cent. of the value of the fleet in Sixt Corporate Countries 
consisted of vehicles of the three premium brands BMW, Audi and Mercedes-Benz (2019: 50 per 
cent.). 
In 2020, the average number of vehicles in the Group's fleet in Sixt Corporate Countries came to 
113,800 compared to 150,700 vehicles in 2019. This figure is significantly lower than in the previous 
years, which was due to the substantial drop in demand recorded since March 2020 in the wake of the 
worldwide Corona pandemic. Including the vehicles of franchisees and cooperation partners, Sixt's 
worldwide fleet for 2020 averaged 205,400 vehicles compared to 284,500 vehicles in 2019.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Range of Services 
The mobility services of the Sixt Group are divided in the four product categories SIXT rent (vehicle 
rental), SIXT share (carsharing), SIXT+ (car subscription) and SIXT ride (transfer services). They are all 
available (inter alia) from the Sixt app. 
SIXT rent:  
SIXT rent represents the classic short- and long-term vehicle rental product and offers a fully digitised 
rental process via the SIXT app. Sixt enables its customers to select their car of choice remotely, 
shortly before pick up, from selected rental stations, primarily at airport sites, customers can head 
straight to the car park without having to go to the rental counter and open the car directly from the 
app. The digital service will be expanded step-by-step to further stations at airports and within city 
areas.  
SIXT rent also covers a wide range of utility vehicles of well-known brands. The portfolio ranges from 
cargo vans to trucks with a permissible total weight of up to 12 tons. These vehicles are available as 
short- or long-term rentals.  
In addition, SIXT rent provides an international holiday vehicle rental service tailored to the mobility 
requirements at holiday destinations. Customers make a down-payment during reservation and merely 
have to present their usual documentation, such as passport and driving licence, when they pick up 
their car at the holiday destination. With this holiday vehicle offer Sixt is responding to many 
holidaymakers' wishes to have the conditions of their rental pre-arranged ahead of their trip and to 
accelerate and simplify the collection of the rental car on site. 
SIXT share:  
With SIXT share, Sixt provides a flexible carsharing offer, which allows the user to pick up and return 
the vehicle both within fixed business areas (free float) and outside pre-defined business areas at any 
Sixt station within Germany. Furthermore, Sixt has interlinked part of its vehicle fleet servicing the 
SIXT rent and SIXT share product categories in such a way that these vehicles can be deployed 
flexibly and on-demand. The interlinking of SIXT rent and SIXT share also allows for the flexible 
adjustment of usage periods, according to the user's actual requirements, from a few minutes to 
several days. Following the launch of SIXT share in the German metropolitan areas of Berlin, 
Hamburg and Munich in 2019, the service expanded outside Germany in mid-2020 with the launch in 
Amsterdam, Rotterdam and The Hague in the Netherlands. 
SIXT+: 
In June 2020, Sixt launched the car subscription service SIXT+. Car subscription is a longer term 
alternative to car ownership than car rental. At the same time it is much more flexible than leasing as 
the terms are usually much shorter in duration. In accordance with its aspiration of detecting and 
defining mobility trends early on, Sixt reacted with its car subscription product to changed mobility 
requirements of many people who prefer using a car to owning one. Following its launch in mid-2020 
in Germany, SIXT+ expanded into further markets, so that by the end of 2020 the product was also 
available in Austria, France, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the USA. 
SIXT ride: SIXT ride is a mobility service based on the brokerage of ride and transfer services (ride 
hailing or taxi). SIXT ride enables customers in over 250 cities across the globe to be picked up by car 
or book a transfer up-front. To provide this comprehensive and integrated service, Sixt cooperates 
with regional or international mobility partners. These include the taxi centres in certain large German 
cities, as well as established ride hailing networks such as Lyft in the USA, Cabify in Spain and 
Addison Lee in the United Kingdom.  
Complementing SIXT rent, SIXT share, SIXT+ and SIXT ride, the Group offers further products to 
cater for the specific requirements of various customer groups. These include flexible mobility 
concepts such as for example SIXT unlimited or Sixt Sports & Luxury Cars. SIXT unlimited is a flat 
rate product geared to the needs of frequent travellers who can rent a vehicle of a desired category at 
any time for a monthly fee in more than 800 stations in ten European countries. Sixt Sports & Luxury

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Cars provides customers a wide range of exclusive vehicles, e.g. exclusive limousines, sports cars or 
SUVs. 
Group Business Performance  
Unless otherwise stated, the following key figures include the business activities of the Mobility 
Business Unit as well as the other continuing operations not allocated to the Mobility Business Unit. 
Earnings after taxes for the discontinued Leasing Business Unit that was sold in July 2020 are 
disclosed separately in the Income Statement according to IFRS 5. Previous years' figures have been 
restated for comparison purposes where necessary. 
The Sixt Group is looking back on a financial year 2020 that was heavily influenced by the COVID-19 
pandemic and economically challenging. In the year 2020, the Sixt Group recorded consolidated 
revenue of EUR 1.53 billion (2019: EUR 2.50 billion). 
Consolidated operating revenue declined in 2020 compared with 2019 by 39.1 per cent. to EUR 1.52 
billion (2019: EUR 2.49 billion). Foreign business operations were hit even harder than domestic 
business, falling by 44.5 per cent. to EUR 840.8 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 1.52 billion). In Germany, 
a decline of 30.6 per cent., down to EUR 679.5 million (2019: EUR 978.4 million) was recorded. 
In 2020, the Sixt Group recognised earnings before taxes from continuing operations in the amount of 
EUR -81.5 million (2019: EUR 308.2 million). The cost saving measures with respect to fleet costs, 
personnel and material costs that were implemented as part of the crisis management in response to 
the COVID19-Pandemic, only partly compensate the sharp drop in revenue. However, the Sixt Group 
exceeded the original targets that were set at the beginning of the pandemic for the full year. While the 
original plan was to bring down personnel and material costs by EUR 100 million on a full year basis, 
cost savings generated in these areas came to EUR 344 million. On top of these, the savings made 
with fleet costs came to EUR 186 million. According to its own estimates, about 80 per cent. of the Sixt 
Group's cost base is variable. 
The Sixt Group's operating return on revenue for 2020 came to -5.4 per cent. after 12.4 per cent. for 
2019. 
The result from discontinued operations amounted to EUR 100.8 million in the financial year 2020 
(2019: EUR 21.5 million) This figure includes the pro rata temporis earnings from the Leasing 
Business Unit, up until July 2020, and the income generated from the sale of the share of Sixt SE in 
Sixt Leasing SE.  
In the financial year 2020, the average fleet in the Sixt Corporate Countries came to 113,800 vehicles, 
and was around 24.5 per cent. lower than the figure the year before with 150,700 vehicles. In 2018, 
the average fleet in the Sixt Corporate Countries was 131,300 vehicles, in 2017 it was 114,300, in 
2016 it was 108,000, in 2015 it was 98,200 and in 2014 it was 84,600 vehicles. 
Rental assets recognised in the balance sheet as at 31 December 2020 came to EUR 2.2 billion and 
thus EUR 828.8 million below the level as at 31 December 2019 (-27.3 per cent.). 
The cash and bank balances position reached EUR 753.3 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 
December 2019: EUR 170.5 million). 
The equity ratio of 31.5 per cent. reported as at 31 December 2020 remains significantly above the 
minimum target level of 20 per cent. The substantial improvement of the already very solid previous 
year's figure of 25.5 per cent. is particularly due to the sale of Sixt Leasing SE and the reduction of the 
rental fleet. 
Customers of the Sixt Group  
The Sixt Group's target customer groups are private customers and tourists as well as business and 
corporate customers. The accident replacement business, on the other hand, has less significance in

--- Page 178 ---
178 
terms of revenue contribution for Sixt. The Sixt Group has continuously strengthened the business 
with private customers and tourists in recent years, with its vehicle rental revenue share peaking at 63 
per cent. in the year 2019. In the financial year 2020, the Sixt Group's customer portfolio based on 
revenue consisted of 56 per cent. private customers and tourists (2019: 63 per cent.), 33 per cent. 
business and corporate customers (2019: 30 per cent.), 3 per cent. accident replacement business 
(2019: 2 per cent.) and 8 per cent. other businesses (2019: 5 per cent.).  
From 2014 until 2019, the share of private customers and tourists of the Sixt Group's revenues in the 
Mobility Business Unit has increased steadily. In the year 2014, the split private customers / corporate 
clients / accident replacement / other businesses was 51 per cent. / 40 per cent. / 3 per cent. / 6 per 
cent., in the year 2015 it was 55 per cent. / 36 per cent. / 3 per cent. / 6 per cent., in the year 2016 it 
was 58 per cent. / 34 per cent. / 3 per cent. / 5 per cent., in the year 2017 it was 62 per cent. / 31 per 
cent. / 3 per cent. / 4 per cent. and in the year 2018 it was 62 per cent. / 31 per cent. / 3 per cent. / 4 
per cent. In the year 2020, according to own calculations, 61 per cent. of the Group's rental revenues 
were generated at downtown stations (including stations at railway stations) and 39 per cent. at airport 
stations. 
Partnerships and Cooperations 
The Sixt Group maintains numerous close strategic partnerships, some of which are long-established, 
with companies in the tourist and mobility industries. This enables the Sixt Group to offer its customers 
numerous different price benefits and other advantages. These partnerships and cooperations include 
airline and hotel booking channels and their associated bonus programmes and other mobility service 
providers such as the ADAC (the German automobile association) or Deutsche Bahn. 
Its partnerships and cooperations give the Sixt Group access to an international mobility network by 
which it aims to acquire new potential customers and retain existing customers through the 
supplementary services offered by a partner. The contractual terms of the individual partnerships and 
cooperations differ widely in terms of services, remuneration and duration. In the area of airline and 
hotel cooperations, the main contract terms usually relate to the participation in air miles or bonus 
programmes. 
Since 2019, Sixt customers in the USA have been able to use SIXT ride in the SIXT app to access the 
service of Lyft. Sixt expanded the cooperation with Lyft by integrating its rental products into the Lyft 
app in August 2020. Since then Sixt vehicles have been available in the Lyft app.  
In December 2020, the ride hailing service of SIXT ride was integrated into Google Maps. As a first 
step, SIXT ride will be available in the app of the online map service in a total of 21 German cities. The 
partnership between Sixt and Google is an important step and underlines the position of Sixt as 
mobility platform provider. 
All partnerships and cooperations are maintained by the Sixt Group in order to secure and improve its 
competitive position by getting a better access to customers, strengthening customer loyalty and 
improving customer service. 
Employees 
In the financial year 2020, the Sixt Group employed on average 6,921 people. This constitutes a 
decrease of 14.6 per cent. as compared to the average of 8,105 employees in the financial year 2019. 
The Mobility Business Unit employed an average of 6,658 employees in the financial year 2020, thus 
14.8 per cent. less than in the previous year (2019: 7,815 employees). The segment Other had an 
average of 263 employees in the financial year 2020 (2019: 290 employees). 
Intellectual Property  
The Sixt Group is dependent on the protection of its intellectual property rights. See also the 
subsection entitled "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer – 5. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
– Risks Relating to the Protection of Intellectual Property" above. The most important brand name of

--- Page 179 ---
179 
the Sixt Group, the word "Sixt", and the respective word/logo marks have been registered in many 
countries as national, international and European trademarks. Other than that, the Issuer is currently 
not dependent on third party trademark licenses which could have a material impact on its business. 
Real Estate Owned and Leased 
The Sixt Group owns several pieces of land and buildings (such as the former and actual 
headquarters in Pullach, the headquarters of the US operations in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, a service 
centre in Rostock, the French headquarters in Paris or the United Rental Group headquarters in 
Chesterfield, United Kingdom) as well as three premises for operational purposes in Germany. 
Furthermore, the Sixt Group leases numerous pieces of land and locations, in particular nearly all of 
its rental offices. 
Investments 
The Sixt Group's fleet policy in 2020 was marked by the severe downturn in demand for mobility 
services caused by the global COVID-19 pandemic. The Group significantly reduced its rental fleet to 
release capacities and liquidity and to adjust the vehicle supply to the declined demand. Around 
175,400 vehicles were added to the rental fleet in 2020 (2019: 250,900 vehicles) with a total value of 
EUR 5.48 billion (2019: EUR 7.43 billion). This corresponds to a decrease of 30.1 per cent. in the 
number and 26.3 per cent. in the value of vehicles over 2019. The average value per rental vehicle was 
around EUR 31,200 and thus slightly above the prior year's level of EUR 29,600. The average holding 
period of rental cars within the fleet is usually around six months. Around 94 per cent. of all vehicles 
added to the rental fleet during the financial year 2020 were secured by means of buy-back 
agreements in the case of purchased vehicles or under operate lease agreements. 
Financing Arrangements and Security 
For financing its business operations, the Sixt Group primarily uses bonds, borrower's note loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen), commercial papers, a syndicated revolving credit facility, short-term bilateral 
financing facilities granted by several banks as well as operate lease agreements.  
As at the end of 2020, the Sixt Group was primarily financed through the following instruments:  
 
A bond issued by Sixt SE on 9 December 2020 in the aggregate principal amount of EUR 300 
million, maturing on 9 December 2024 and bearing a coupon of 1.75 per cent. p.a. (the "Bond 
2020") 
 
A bond issued by Sixt SE on 21 February 2018 in the aggregate principal amount of EUR 250 
million, maturing on 21 February 2024 and bearing a coupon of 1.50 per cent. p.a. (the "Bond 
2018") 
 
A bond issued by Sixt SE on 2 November 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of EUR 250 
million, maturing on 2 November 2022 and bearing a coupon of 1.125 per cent. p.a. (the "Bond 
2016") 
 
Borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) in the aggregate principal amount of EUR 995 
million and USD 70 million maturing between 2021 and 2026 and bearing fixed and floating rates 
of interest  
 
Real estate redeemable loans maturing till 2027 
 
To a minor extent drawn bank credit lines with short-term maturities 
 
A commercial paper programme of Sixt SE with a programme limit of EUR 1 billion under which 
Sixt SE can issue short-term notes in the relevant market (as at 31 December 2020, short-term 
notes in the amount of EUR 88.0 million were outstanding); and

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Operate lease agreements entered into with external leasing providers, tied to original equipment 
manufacturers (OEMs) or their financing units. Part of the rental vehicle fleet is continuously used 
under operate lease agreements with manufacturers or financing companies related to vehicle 
manufacturers. In this case, the vehicles are not purchased or sold by companies of the Sixt 
Group and are only recognised in the balance sheet of the Sixt Group as of 31 December 2020 as 
far as the contractual term is longer than one year, as required by IFRS 16 (Leases). 
As at 31 December 2020, material contingent financial obligations resulting from guarantees or similar 
obligations amounted to EUR 54.6 million. As at 31 December 2020, the Sixt Group had other 
financial obligations mainly resulting from short-term leases entered into for which no financial 
liabilities were recognised in the balance sheet, amounting to EUR 45.4 million, almost all of which 
were due within one year.  
On 6 May 2020, Sixt SE as borrower and five banks, including German state-owned Kreditanstalt für 
Wiederaufbau ("KfW") and certain of the Dealers under the Programme, as initial lenders entered into 
a syndicated loan agreement with a term of up to two years. KfW had joined this facility under the KfW 
Corona Special Programme (Sonderprogramm gemäß Merkblatt 855 der KfW). Under this agreement, 
the lenders, acting severally, provided up to their respective loan commitments a revolving credit line 
in the aggregate amount of EUR 1.5 billion, which could have been drawn by Sixt SE in the form of 
individual loans and may have been used for general corporate purposes of the Sixt Group, with the 
exception of acquisitions. The syndicated loan agreement had never been drawn and has been 
terminated and replaced with effect as of 9 March 2021 by a new syndicated loan facility agreement 
with a revolving credit line in the aggregate amount of EUR 750 million granted by a renowned bank 
consortium (see the subsection entitled "Recent Developments"). 
Liabilities resulting from credit facilities with banks are generally unsecured and, to the extent that the 
borrowing was made by subsidiaries of Sixt SE, partly guaranteed by Sixt SE, with exception of real 
estate financing, which was secured by a land charge and which as at 31 December 2020 amounted 
to EUR 68.8 million (31 December 2019: EUR 71.7 million). Other than the syndicated loan agreement 
and the real estate redeemable loans credit facilities with banks are only entered into on a short-term 
basis. In addition, those credit facilities are terminable at short notice and include the reasons for 
termination common to banks. 
The terms and conditions of the Bond 2016, the Bond 2018 and the Bond 2020 include, among others, 
provisions relating to status, termination rights and negative pledge. All these bonds are unsecured 
and do not benefit from any guarantees of subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
As at 31 December 2020, borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) in an aggregate principal 
amount of EUR 995 million and USD 70 million (31 December 2019: EUR 1,025 million and USD 70 
million) were outstanding of which EUR 771 million and USD 20 million (31 December 2019: EUR 995 
million and USD 70 million) related to non-current financial liabilities and EUR 224 million and USD 50 
million related to current financial liabilities of the Sixt Group (31 December 2019: EUR 30 million). 
The terms and conditions of the borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) include provisions 
relating to status, termination rights and negative pledge. The 
borrower's note loans 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) are unsecured and do not benefit from any guarantees of subsidiaries of the 
Issuer.  
In addition, Sixt SE has established a commercial paper programme with an aggregate principal 
programme amount of EUR 1 billion under which it can issue short-term notes in the relevant market. 
The terms and conditions of the programme include provisions relating to status, termination rights 
and a negative pledge. The notes are unsecured. As at 31 December 2020, notes issued in an 
amount of EUR 88 million were outstanding under the commercial paper programme (31 December 
2019: EUR 70 million). The Issuer may, in future and if markets allow, draw further amounts under the 
commercial paper programme. 
Moreover, as at 31 December 2020, leases concluded by the Sixt Group as lessee in the amount of 
EUR 367.1 million (31 December 2019 EUR 409.2 million) are recognised as lease liabilities under the 
items non-current and current financial liabilities according to the provisions of IFRS 16 (Leases).

--- Page 181 ---
181 
As at 31 December 2020, outstanding financial debt incurred by members of the Sixt Group amounted 
to EUR 2,009 million (nominal amount excluding interest), of which around 40 per cent. were 
attributable to bonds, around 52 per cent. related to borrower's note loans, approx. 4 per cent. were 
attributable to bilateral credit lines and around 4 per cent. related to commercial papers. Out of the 
EUR 2,009 million outstanding financial debt (nominal amount excluding interest) approx. EUR 356 
million (excluding interest) were due for repayment in 2021, approx. EUR 310 million in 2022, approx. 
EUR 274 million in 2023, approx. EUR 839 million in 2024, approx. EUR 83 million in 2025, approx. 
EUR 96 million in 2026 and approx. EUR 51 million were due for repayment after 2026.  
As at 31 March 2021, outstanding financial debt incurred by members of the Sixt Group amounted to 
EUR 1,867 million (nominal amount excluding interest), of which around 43 per cent. were attributable 
to bonds, around 51 per cent. related to borrower's note loans and approx. 6 per cent. were 
attributable to bilateral credit lines. Out of the EUR 1,867 million outstanding financial debt (nominal 
amount excluding interest) approx. EUR 213 million (excluding interest) were due for repayment in 
2021, approx. EUR 311 million in 2022, approx. EUR 274 million in 2023, approx. EUR 839 million in 
2024, approx. EUR 83 million in 2025, approx. EUR 96 million in 2026 and approx. EUR 51 million 
were due for repayment after 2026.  
The Sixt Group is also in the process of setting up a large-volume asset-backed financing facility with 
respect to its vehicle fleet in the United States. 
Recent Developments 
In January 2021, in order to respond to the increasing importance of the Van and Truck product offer 
Sixt increased the number of the members of the Managing Board and appointed Mr Daniel Marasch 
as a new member of the Managing Board, who will be responsible for the van and truck business. Sixt 
SE further appointed its long-standing manager Mr Nico Gabriel as Chief Operating Officer, taking 
over from Mr Detlev Pätsch who retired at the end of March 2021. 
On 26 February 2021, Sixt SE as borrower and six banks, including most of the Dealers under the 
Programme, as initial lenders entered into a new syndicated loan agreement in the amount of EUR 
750 million. The new revolving credit facility completely replaces the previously unused syndicated 
loan agreement concluded at the beginning of May 2020 with participation of KfW. The term of the 
new revolving credit facility is three years and can be extended twice by one year each, so that the 
maximum term comprises five years. The credit facility can be drawn in various currencies.  
In March 2021, Sixt SE announced that Mr Erich Sixt will resign from the Managing Board with effect 
to the end of the next annual general meeting, scheduled for 16 June 2021. Mr Sixt intends to join the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE, where he plans to serve as its Chairman subject to the approval of the 
annual general meeting and the Supervisory Board. His two sons, Mr Alexander Sixt and Mr 
Konstantin Sixt, have been appointed joint Chairmen of the Managing Board with effect from the end 
of the annual general meeting, scheduled for 16 June 2021. Mr Friedrich Joussen, Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board, and Mr Ralph Teckentrup, member of the Supervisory Board, resigned from their 
respective offices with effect from the end of such annual general meeting. 
In April 2021, Sixt SE announced that with effect as of 1 June 2021 the Supervisory Board has 
appointed Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski to the Managing Board of Sixt SE to serve as the new Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO). Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski succeeds Mr Jörg Bremer, who is leaving Sixt SE 
on 31 May 2021. 
Trend Information; Significant Change in Sixt Group's Financial Position and Performance 
Due to the current uncertainty with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is still impossible to reliably 
estimate the extent and duration of pandemic-related restrictions, in particular the travel restrictions. 
Against this background, the Managing Board is, as of the date of this Prospectus, unable to issue a 
forecast on the business development of the Sixt Group for 2021.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Other than as set out above, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2021, being the date with respect to which the Issuer's most recent published 
audited financial statements have been prepared. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or the financial performance of the Sixt 
Group since 31 March 2021, being the date of the last published financial information of the Sixt 
Group, to the date of this Prospectus. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Sixt SE, being a European Stock Corporation (Societas Europaea – SE), is governed by the specific 
European SE regulations, in particular the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 on the Statute for a 
European company (SE), the Issuer's Articles of Association (Satzung), the German SE 
Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG) and the German Public Companies Act 
(Aktiengesetz – AktG). Pursuant to its Articles of Association, Sixt SE has a dualistic board system. 
Accordingly, Sixt SE has a Vorstand (the "Managing Board") and an Aufsichtsrat (the "Supervisory 
Board"). The Managing Board is responsible for the management of Sixt SE's day to day business; 
the Supervisory Board appoints and monitors the Managing Board. The two Boards are separate, and 
no individual may simultaneously be a member of both Boards. For details on the constitution and 
responsibilities of the Boards see the subsection entitled "Board Practices" below. 
Managing Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Managing Board of Sixt SE are: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Sixt Group 
which are significant with respect to the 
Sixt Group 
Erich Sixt 
 
Chairman of the Managing 
Board 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
Managing Director of ES Management 
GmbH 
Alexander Sixt 
Member 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
Konstantin Sixt 
Member 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
Jörg Bremer 
Member 
None 
Nico Gabriel 
Member 
None 
Daniel Marasch 
Member 
None 
Supervisory Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE are: 
Name (Principal 
occupation) 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Sixt Group 
which are significant with respect to the 
Sixt Group 
Friedrich Joussen 
Chairman  
None

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Name (Principal 
occupation) 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Sixt Group 
which are significant with respect to the 
Sixt Group 
CEO of TUI AG 
Duisburg 
Ralf Teckentrup 
Chairman 
of 
the 
managing 
board 
of 
Condor 
Flugdienst 
GmbH 
Kronberg 
Deputy Chairman 
None 
Dr. Daniel Terberger 
Chairman 
of 
the 
managing 
board 
of 
KATAG AG 
Bielefeld 
Member 
None 
The business address of each member of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board is c/o Sixt 
SE, Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Germany. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr. Erich Sixt, Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt are members of the Managing Board and 
are directly and indirectly major shareholders of Sixt SE. It cannot be excluded that there may be 
potential conflicts between Mr. Erich Sixt's interests as shareholder and his duties as Chairman of the 
Managing Board and/or Mr. Alexander Sixt's and Mr. Konstantin Sixt's interests as shareholders and 
their duties as members of the Managing Board. 
Mr. Alexander Sixt, Mr. Konstantin Sixt and Mr. Nico Gabriel hold non-voting preference shares which 
they have received under the Sixt Group's employee participation programme which may also lead to 
potential conflicts. The Sixt Group also rented two properties for its operations from members of the 
Sixt family for an annual rent of EUR 0.2 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 0.2 million). 
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board member Mr. Dr. Daniel Terberger is a shareholder and chairman 
of the managing board of KATAG AG which, being a supplier of working clothes, has business 
relations with various companies of the Sixt Group. The annual expenditure of the Sixt Group in 2020 
for such supply of working clothes amounted to EUR 1.3 million (2019: EUR 1.2 million). In the opinion 
of the Issuer, such business relations, however, do not lead to a relevant potential conflict of interests. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the above-mentioned members of the Managing Board and the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE do not have other potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
Sixt SE and their private interests or other duties.  
Board Practices 
The governing bodies of Sixt SE are the Managing Board (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board 
(Aufsichtsrat) and the shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung). The powers of these bodies are 
set forth in the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the statute for a 
European company (SE), the German SE Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG), the 
German Public Companies Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and Sixt SE's Articles of Association (Satzung). 
In addition, there exist internal rules of procedure for the Managing Board and for the Supervisory

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Board. The Managing Board and Supervisory Board work independently of each other. No person 
may serve on both boards at the same time. 
The Managing Board is responsible for managing Sixt SE's day-to-day business and represents Sixt 
SE in dealings with third parties. The Supervisory Board appoints and may dismiss for cause 
members of the Managing Board. The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Managing Board 
in its management of Sixt SE and represents Sixt SE in all judicial and extrajudicial matters between a 
member of the Managing Board and Sixt SE. In general, the Supervisory Board is not directly involved 
in the day-to-day management of Sixt SE. However, pursuant to applicable law, Sixt SE's Articles of 
Association and the rules of procedure for the Managing Board of Sixt SE, specific transactions 
require the consent of the Supervisory Board.  
In performing their duties, members of both the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board must 
employ the care of a diligent and conscientious manager. Members of the Managing Board and the 
Supervisory Board must consider a broad range of interests, including those of Sixt SE and its 
shareholders and employees. 
The members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board may be held personally liable to Sixt 
SE for breaches of their duties. The Supervisory Board represents Sixt SE in potential damages 
claims against members of the Managing Board. Sixt SE must bring an action for breach of duty 
against the Managing Board or Supervisory Board upon a resolution of the shareholders passed at a 
shareholders' meeting of the Issuer by a simple majority of votes cast. Furthermore, minority 
shareholders whose aggregate holdings represent at least 1 per cent. of Sixt SE's share capital or 
amount to a notional value of at least EUR 100,000 can file an application to the court to be authorized 
to assert damages claims against members of either of Sixt SE's Boards on behalf of Sixt SE in their 
own name. 
Managing Board 
In accordance with article 7 (1) and (2) of Sixt SE's Articles of Association, the Managing Board of Sixt 
SE consists of one or more members appointed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum period of up 
to five years. Reappointments are permissible. Currently, the Managing Board has six members. Any 
two members of the Managing Board, any individual Managing Board member together with an 
authorised signatory with statutory power of attorney (Prokurist) or a Managing Board member who 
has been given the power of sole representation may legally represent Sixt SE. Mr. Erich Sixt has 
been granted the power of sole representation.  
The Managing Board is responsible for the strategic orientation, daily operations and the risk 
management at Sixt SE and in the Sixt Group.  
The rules of procedure for the Managing Board and the executive organisation chart define areas of 
responsibility for each Managing Board member. The chairman of the Managing Board, Mr. Erich Sixt, 
is in charge of the overall management and business policy of Sixt SE and the Sixt Group. In addition, 
he is responsible for marketing, public relations, international franchising and IT-strategy. Mr. 
Alexander Sixt, as Board member for organisation and strategy, is responsible for the group strategy, 
M&A, central procurement and process and product management. In addition, he is responsible for 
global human resources as well as the management of global service and business operations. As 
Board member for sales, Mr. Konstantin Sixt is responsible for national and international sales, the 
global e-commerce business, revenue and capacity management as well as SIXT+. The chief financial 
officer, Mr. Jörg Bremer, is responsible for the overall management of Sixt SE's finance departments, 
including finance and accounting, controlling, risk management as well as the legal and internal audit 
departments. The chief operations officer, Mr. Nico Gabriel, is responsible for operations, the rental 
business at rental offices, global fleet management and the sale of used cars. Furthermore, he is 
accountable for areas such as quality management as well as maintenance and repair and SIXT 
Share. Mr. Daniel Marasch, as Board member for Van & Truck, is responsible for the global van & 
truck business.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
The Managing Board has a quorum if at least half of its members are present or otherwise involved in 
the passing of a resolution. Resolutions of the Managing Board require a majority of the votes cast. In 
case of a tie, the Chairman of the Managing Board has a casting vote. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with article 10 (1) of the Articles of Association of Sixt SE, the Supervisory Board of Sixt 
SE has three members. Two members are elected by the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE in 
accordance with the applicable laws and the provisions of the Articles of Association. One further 
member of the Supervisory Board is appointed by Mr. Erich Sixt, as one of the Issuer's major 
shareholders. Mr. Friedrich Joussen was appointed as Supervisory Board member by Mr. Erich Sixt 
according to article 10 (1) of the Articles of Association. Employees are not represented in the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE according to the agreement on the involvement of employees of Sixt SE 
dated 18 April 2013. The Supervisory Board elects a chairman and a deputy chairman from among its 
members (article 12 (1) of the Articles of Association). As the Supervisory Board consists of only three 
members, no committees are formed. 
Pursuant to article 10 (2) of the Articles of Association, Supervisory Board members are elected for 
the period until conclusion of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE which resolves on the formal 
approval of the actions of the Supervisory Board for the fourth financial year after the beginning of 
their term of office, excluding the financial year in which the term of office begins, and in each case for 
a maximum period of six years. Reappointments are permissible. These rules also apply for the 
Supervisory Board member that is appointed by Mr. Erich Sixt (article 10 (3) of the Articles of 
Association).  
The Supervisory Board's main tasks are 
- 
to supervise and advise the Managing Board in its management of Sixt SE; 
- 
to appoint the members of the Managing Board; and 
- 
to approve matters that are subject to the Supervisory Board's approval under German law, Sixt 
SE's Articles of Association and the rules of procedure for the Managing Board and authorizations 
of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE requiring the approval of the Supervisory Board for 
measures of the Managing Board thereunder. 
The Supervisory Board has a quorum if at least one half of the total number of members which it is 
required to have is involved in the passing of a resolution. Resolutions of the Supervisory Board 
require a majority of the votes cast, unless otherwise mandatorily required by law (article 14 (7) of the 
Articles of Association). In case of a tie, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has a casting vote. 
Cooperation between Managing Board and Supervisory Board 
The Managing Board shall inform the Supervisory Board regularly, at least quarterly, on the course of 
the business of the Issuer and the Sixt Group. The Managing Board shall in addition inform the 
Supervisory Board regularly and comprehensively on all matters that are relevant to the Issuer and the 
Sixt Group regarding planning, business development, the risk situation and risk management. To this 
end, the Managing Board agrees the Issuer's strategic orientation with the Supervisory Board and 
discusses the implementation of strategy at regular intervals. The Managing Board shall inform the 
Supervisory Board about any events that may significantly affect the position of the Issuer or the Sixt 
Group independently of its regular reporting duties. 
Declaration of Conformity in Accordance with Section 161 of the Aktiengesetz 
In accordance with section 161 of the German Public Companies Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG), the 
managing board and supervisory board of German listed companies are to issue an annual 
declaration indicating the extent to which they have complied or are complying with the German 
Corporate Governance Code. They must also explain which recommendations of the German

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Corporate Governance Code have not been or are not being applied. The Managing Board and 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE have issued and published such a declaration of conformity every year 
since 2002. Every declaration of conformity is made available to the public for a period of five years on 
the Issuer's website at http://ir.sixt.eu under "Corporate Governance" and "Declaration of Conformity". 
Referring to the version of the German Corporate Governance Code in effect since March 2020, the 
most recent declaration of conformity by the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE 
was published in December 2020, and reads as follows: 
"The recommendations of the "German Corporate Governance Code" in the version of 
16 December 2019 (hereinafter referred to as "Code") announced by the Federal Ministry of 
Justice in the official section of the Bundesanzeiger (Federal Gazette) on 20 March 2020 will be 
and have been complied with, with the following exceptions: 
- 
Recommendation B.5: The Supervisory Board believes that setting a general age limit for 
members of the Managing Board would impose a restriction on the selection of eligible 
candidates and thus be contrary to the interests of Sixt SE. 
- 
Recommendation C.2: Given the fact that the Supervisory Board consists of three members, 
of which in accordance with the Articles of Association only two members are elected, 
setting a general age limit for Supervisory Board members would impose a restriction on the 
selection of eligible candidates and thus be contrary to the interests of Sixt SE. 
- 
Recommendation C.5: The Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE, Mr. Friedrich 
Joussen, is also Chairman of the Managing Board of TUI AG, which is also listed on the 
stock exchange. Mr. Joussen has declared to Sixt SE that the workload associated with the 
two offices are compatible. 
- 
Recommendations D.2 to D.5 and D.11: Since according to the Articles of Association the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE consists of three members, no committees are formed. 
- 
Recommendation F.1: Sixt SE will disclose all price-sensitive information to analysts and all 
shareholders. Sixt SE believes that a disclosure to all shareholders of all non-price-sensitive 
information given to financial analysts and similar parties would not further their interest in 
information. 
- 
Recommendation F.2: The Consolidated Financial Statements and Group Management 
Report are published within the statutory periods. Interim reports are published within the 
periods stipulated by stock exchange law. Sixt SE believes that the publication deadlines 
stipulated by the Code are not more beneficial to the information interests of investors, 
creditors, employees and the public. 
- 
Recommendations G.1 and G.2: The Supervisory Board believes that the determination of 
individual target total compensation in addition to a maximum compensation does neither 
provide an additional incentive for the Managing Board nor a further advantage for Sixt SE. 
- 
Recommendation G.7: The Supervisory Board believes that a long-term determination of 
performance criteria for variable compensation components is more beneficial to 
sustainability than an annual determination for the upcoming financial year. 
- 
Recommendation G.10: The contracts of the Managing Board members do not stipulate that 
variable compensation amounts are to be invested predominantly in shares of the Company 
or granted accordingly. The Supervisory Board believes that such a structure would not be 
more beneficial to the long-term promotion of the Company's well-being and to ensuring 
sustainable and long-term success of the Company."

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Financial Information Concerning the Sixt Group's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Condition 
and Profit and Losses 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2020 and the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2019, each prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the EU, and the respective unqualified audit reports thereon, are incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus as indicated in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the three-month 
period ended on 31 March 2021, which has been prepared in accordance with the IFRS recognition, 
measurement and presentation and which was neither audited nor reviewed, is incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus as indicated in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference".  
Legal Proceedings and Out of Court Proceedings Involving the Sixt Group  
Neither Sixt SE nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings during the last twelve months, against or affecting Sixt SE or any of its subsidiaries, nor is 
Sixt SE aware of any pending or threatened proceedings, which (in either case) may have or have had 
in the recent past significant effects on the financial condition or profitability of Sixt SE or the Sixt 
Group. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of Sixt SE amounts to EUR 120,174,996.48 divided 
into 46,943,358 shares with a notional amount of EUR 2.56 per share. Both, ordinary shares and non-
voting preference shares, have been issued. All the shares have been fully paid up. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the share capital is composed of: 
 
No-par value shares 
Nominal amount in EUR 
Ordinary shares 
30,367,112 
77,739,806.72 
Non-voting preference shares 
16,576,246 
42,435,189.76 
Balance at the date of this 
Prospectus 
46,943,358 
120,174,996.48 
By resolution of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE of 24 June 2020 the Managing Board was 
authorised, as specified in the resolution, to acquire, also by use of derivatives, shares of the Issuer in 
the amount of up to 10 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital at the time of the authorisation or – in 
case the amount of the share capital is lower – at the time of the exercise of the authorisation in the 
period up to 23 June 2025 (including) (the "Authorisation 2020"). The Authorisation 2020 may be 
exercised wholly or partially, on one or more occasions, for any purpose permitted by law. Acquisitions 
for the purpose of trading in treasury shares are excluded. Until the date of this Prospectus, a total of 
53,189 non-voting preference shares were acquired by the Issuer under the Authorisation 2020. The 
purchased shares have been allocated to employees and members of the administrative or 
management bodies of the Issuer and companies affiliated with the Issuer to fulfil the obligations of the 
Issuer under its matching stock program. In addition, Sixt SE has entered into a total return equity 
swap, which is designed to hedge the tranche 2021 under Sixt Groups’s newly established stock 
performance programme, and under which 25,193 ordinary shares have been purchased, which in 
addition are to be counted towards the Authorisation 2020. Thus, the Authorisation 2020 is currently 
still available in a percentage of approximately 9.8 per cent. of the Issuer's current share capital.  
The Managing Board is authorised to increase the share capital on one or more occasions in the 
period up to 23 June 2025 (including), with the consent of the Supervisory Board, by up to a maximum 
of EUR 32,640,000.00 by issuing new no-par value bearer shares against cash and/or non-cash

--- Page 188 ---
188 
contributions (authorised capital 2020). The authorisation also includes the power to issue new non-
voting preference shares, which rank equal to the non-voting preference shares previously issued by 
Sixt SE. 
Furthermore, according to article 4 (5) of the Articles of Association, the share capital of Sixt SE is 
conditionally increased by up to EUR 15,360,000.00 through the issuance of up to 6,000,000 new no-
par value bearer shares consisting of ordinary shares and/or non-voting preference shares 
(conditional capital 2020). The conditional capital increase is only to be effected, if and to the extent, 
the holders of convertible bonds or bonds with warrants issued until 23 June 2025 (including), exercise 
their conversion rights or conversion obligations from such bonds are fulfilled and no other form of 
settlement is used.  
The Managing Board is authorised until 23 June 2025 (including) to issue, with the consent of the 
Supervisory Board, convertible bonds or bonds with warrants on one or more occasions in an 
aggregate principal amount of up to EUR 350,000,000 and with conversion rights or warrants for up to 
6,000,000 shares.  
Furthermore, the Managing Board of the Issuer is also authorised to issue, on one or more occasions 
in the period up to and including 29 June 2022 with the consent of the Supervisory Board, profit 
participation bonds and/or rights registered in the name of the holder and/or in form of bearer 
securities up to a maximum amount of EUR 350,000,000 with a fixed or indefinite term against cash 
and/or non-cash contributions. The profit participation bonds and rights issued under this authorisation 
may not provide for conversion or subscription rights to shares of the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH holds 17,701,822 ordinary 
shares of the total number of 30,367,112 ordinary shares (including two ordinary registered shares 
(auf den Namen lautende Stammaktien) held directly by Mr. Erich Sixt) of Sixt SE, i.e. 58.3 per cent. of 
the ordinary shares and voting rights in the Issuer. 
Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH is controlled by ES Asset Management and Services GmbH & 
Co. KG ("ESAMS"), which holds approximately 68 per cent. of its share capital, thereby indirectly 
controlling the Issuer. The remaining 32 per cent. of the share capital of Erich Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH are held in equal proportions by Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin 
Sixt. 
The sole general partner of ESAMS is ES Management GmbH. ESAMS is the sole shareholder of ES 
Management GmbH and, therefore, the sole shareholder of its own sole general partner. For purposes 
of voting rights notifications under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), the 
voting rights attributed to ESAMS are also attributed to Mr. Erich Sixt who is a limited partner of 
ESAMS.  
On 25 November 2019, as corrected on 18 December 2019, the Issuer disclosed that on 19 
November 2019 it has received a notification pursuant to Sec. 41 of the German Securities Trading 
Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) informing the Issuer that on 14 November 2019 DWS Investment 
GmbH, with its registered office in Frankfurt am Main, Germany (formerly known as Deutsche Asset & 
Wealth Management Investment GmbH at the time of the previous disclosure) obtained 5.01 per cent. 
of voting rights attached to shares. 
Financial Year 
The Issuer's financial year is the calendar year (i.e. ending on 31 December of each calendar year). 
Articles of Association 
In accordance with article 2 of its articles of association, the purpose of the Issuer is to rent and utilise 
vehicles, aircraft and moveable equipment, to manage, acquire, administer and provide support for

--- Page 189 ---
189 
companies and equity interests in companies, particularly those whose purpose wholly or partly 
extends to the aforementioned areas of activity, and to carry on any secondary activities that fall within 
these areas in the widest sense, as well as any other business activities that serve its purpose. The 
Issuer can establish branches in Germany and abroad, found, acquire or hold equity interests stakes 
in other companies in and outside Germany. The limits of the aforementioned purpose shall not apply 
to the purpose of subsidiaries and investees. The Issuer is entitled to hand over its operations wholly 
or partly to subsidiaries or investees as well as to transfer its operations wholly or partly to subsidiaries 
or investees. The Issuer can limit its activities to one or specific purposes of the aforementioned 
objects, and also to the activity of a holding company and/or the administration of other own assets. 
Material Contracts 
Since 1 January 2019, neither the Issuer nor the Sixt Group has entered into any material contracts 
that are not part of the ordinary course of its business and that could result in any member of the Sixt 
Group being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations to Holders in respect of any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Other than expressly provided in this Prospectus, the Issuer has not relied on third party information 
and/or statements by experts. The Issuer confirms that, where information has been sourced from a 
third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Sixt Group for general corporate 
purposes, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT OR 
OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY MAY 
HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, 
INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
APPLICABLE IN EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT OR OTHERWISE 
SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement concluded between the Issuer and the Dealers as a basis upon 
which the Dealers or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes, the selling 
restrictions set out below shall be observed in connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes. 
1. General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Prospectus, no action has been or will be taken 
in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, 
or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they subscribe, purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or, as the case may be, any supplement to this 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the subscription, 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such subscriptions. purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each issue of Notes the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer acknowledges that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it 
has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes constituting part of its allotment 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (x) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the closing date. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and 
undertaken and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and undertake that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
Notes and it and they have complied with, and will comply with, the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period (within the meaning of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect:

--- Page 193 ---
193 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. 
persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date. Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes to be issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to 
the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the 
relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the 
completion of the distribution of its portion of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such 
notification or notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the 
end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Terms used in 
paragraph 2 (a) and (b) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake, that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or 
with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the "TEFRA D Rules"). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, 
and during the 40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has 
not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the 
Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such 
Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U. S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x)

--- Page 194 ---
194 
repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(i), (ii) and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such 
affiliate for the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer the representations 
and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D 
Rules. 
3. Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFiD II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in 
the European Economic Area" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, in relation to each member state of the EAA (each a "Relevant Member State"), that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in that Relevant 
Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member 
State: 
(a) 
Approved Prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Authorised Institutions: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 195 ---
195 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 Offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other Exempt Offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to any applicable national law of any Relevant Member 
State, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
4. Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the "PD Regulation") and any applicable provision of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the PD Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in 
compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of 
such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes 
for any damages suffered by the investors. 
5. Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail 
Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in 
the United Kingdom" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in the United Kingdom, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Approved Prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of 
those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has 
been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in 
Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Public Offer; 
(b) 
Authorised Institutions: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 Offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation) in the 
United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other Exempt Offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression "United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage 
or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
6. Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 
6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or, or for the benefit of a resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with 
this Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus, to the extent set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference" below, 
provided that (i) any information not specifically set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" but included in the documents incorporated by reference is either not relevant for the 
investor or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus and shall, therefore, not be deemed to be included in 
this Prospectus, and (ii) any statement contained in this Prospectus or in any information incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any information 
subsequently deemed to have been incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such (earlier) 
statement: 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference
Page in 
this 
Pro-
spectus 
Section in 
this 
Prospectus 
Document Incorporated by Reference 
Pages of 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
187 
Description  
of Sixt SE  
as Issuer 
A: Annual Report 2019 of Sixt SE 
 
 
- Consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 82 
 
 
- Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 83 
 
 
- Consolidated cash flow statement  
Page 84 
 
 
- Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 85 
 
 
- Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 86 – 138 
 
 
- Independent auditors' report1 
Pages 140 – 145 
 
 
 
 
187 
Description 
of Sixt SE 
as Issuer 
B: Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE 
 
- Consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Pages 75 – 76 
- Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 77 
- Consolidated cash flow statement 
Page 78 
- Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 79 
- Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 80 – 132 
- Independent auditors' report2 
Pages 134–141 
                                                     
1  
English language translation of the German language auditor's report. The auditor's report was issued in accordance with section 322 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) in the German language on the German version of the consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE and the combined management report. The combined management report is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
2  
English language translation of the German language auditor's report. The auditor's report was issued in accordance with section 322 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) in the German language on the German version of the consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE and the combined management report. The combined management report is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Page in 
this 
Pro-
spectus 
Section in 
this 
Prospectus 
Document Incorporated by Reference 
Pages of 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
187 
Description  
of Sixt SE  
as Issuer 
C: Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE 
(neither audited nor reviewed)  
 
 
- Business Report 
Pages 1 – 2 
 
 
- Consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 4 
 
 
- Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 5 
 
 
- Consolidated cash flow statement  
Page 6 
 
 
- Additional financial information 
Pages 7 – 8 
 
 
 
 
 
The documents set out above and the information contained therein and incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus are English language translations of their respective binding German language 
counterparts. 
The documents set out in the table above will be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge from, the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as follows: 
-  
the Annual Report 2019 of Sixt SE 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1081bd27791db84225850000b39d6d8bc0 
-  
the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10dc179b1dc7864b4cb10ca2b0fc63eb17 
- 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1095331c1be698454885f1279469ac2238 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the aforementioned websites (other than the 
information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (as described above), does not form part of 
this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which appears on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission. Notes to be issued under the Programme may also be admitted 
to trading on the regulated markets of other stock exchanges or listed on other stock exchanges or 
may not be listed at all. 
Clearing Systems 
Notes may be cleared through either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking AG (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany) ("CBF") or any other relevant Clearing System (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms). The appropriate securities codes for each Tranche allocated by CBL, Euroclear and/or CBF 
will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme was authorised by 
a resolution of the Managing Board of the Issuer on 21 May 2021. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (as set out in the section entitled "Names and Addresses"): 
(i) 
the articles of association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2019 of Sixt SE; 
(iii) 
the Annual Report 2020 of Sixt SE; 
(iv) 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2021 of Sixt SE; 
(v) 
copies of this Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus; 
(vi) 
any supplement to this Prospectus; 
(vii) 
any Final Terms prepared in connection with Notes to be issued under the Programme and to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a member state 
of the EEA or publicly offered in a member state of the EEA; and 
(vii) 
any separate copy of an issue-specific summary prepared in connection with Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. 
In addition, the articles of association of Sixt SE are also obtainable via the website of the Issuer 
(https://about.sixt.com/sixt_cc/pdf/Satzung_07072020.pdf). 
Copies of this Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference herein and any supplement hereto 
will be displayed on and will be obtainable free of charge via the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639). 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a

--- Page 201 ---
201 
member state of the EEA or publicly offered in a member state of the EEA, the Final Terms and (in 
case of Notes with a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency)) a separate copy of the issue-specific summary prepared in connection with such Notes will 
be displayed on and will be obtainable free of charge via the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu/issuer/Sixt/63639). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the aforementioned websites (other than the 
information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (as described in the section entitled 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference")) does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Presentation of Industry and Market Data  
This Prospectus contains a number of references to data and studies prepared by third parties on 
such topics as developments in the vehicle rental business and markets in which the Sixt Group 
operates, and related matters. Certain economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts 
set forth in this Prospectus were extracted from data and studies prepared by third parties. 
This information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Investors are nevertheless advised to 
consider the information derived from third parties with caution. Market studies are often based on 
information or assumptions that may not be accurate or appropriate or may not reflect current market 
conditions and their methodology is inherently predictive and speculative. Such data is based on 
market research, which itself is based on sampling and subjective judgments by both the researchers 
and the respondents, including judgments about what types of products and transactions should be 
included in the relevant market. Therefore, investors should note that certain estimates of the Issuer 
are based on such third-party market studies. The Issuer has neither independently verified the 
studies as such nor the figures, market data or other information on which third parties have based 
their studies and, therefore, accepts no liability that the information derived from third parties 
contained in this Prospectus is correct. 
The Issuer believes that its estimates of market and other data and the information it has derived from 
such data is helpful for analysing the industry in which the Sixt Group operates. While the own 
estimates of the Issuer have not been reviewed or verified externally and no warranty is given for the 
accuracy of these estimates or the information derived therefrom, the Issuer nevertheless believes 
that they are reliable. The estimates of the Issuer may differ from estimates made by competitors of 
the Sixt Group or from existing and/or future studies conducted by market research institutes or other 
sources. 
In particular the following sources were used in the preparation of this Prospectus: 
Euromonitor International, Travel 2019, November 2019 
Euromonitor International: Passport. Car Rental (Destination) on Germany, September 2020.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
Sixt SE 
Zugspitzstrasse 1 
82049 Pullach 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Str. 18  
80333 München 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz),  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6 Avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52 - 58  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8,  
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 203 ---
203 
FISCAL AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Rosenheimer Platz 4 
81669 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany