--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus 
dated 12 May 2023 (the "Date of Approval") 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") in 
respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Debt Issuance Programme 
Prospectus" or the "Prospectus").  
 
Sixt SE 
(Pullach, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), Sixt SE ("Sixt" or the 
"Issuer" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group" or the "Sixt Group") may from time to time issue notes in 
bearer form (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency). 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are subject of this Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities 
(loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), by approving this Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. In accordance 
with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the 
Republic of Austria ("Austria"), the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") and the Netherlands with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a "Notification"). The 
Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the European Economic Area 
(the "EEA") with further Notifications. 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit such Notes to trading on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission (Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg") (the "Regulated Market"). The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and 
Directive 2011/61/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). Notes to be issued under the Programme may also be not listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange. 
Arranger 
Commerzbank 
Dealers 
 
Bayerische Landesbank  
BNP PARIBAS 
CIC Market Solutions  
Commerzbank  
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Deutsche Bank  
DZ BANK AG  
Helaba

--- Page 2 ---
2 
SEB 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Bank 
UniCredit 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639). 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of twelve months from its 
Date of Approval (in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered 
to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1 (4) and/or 
Article 3 (2) of the Prospectus Regulation) i.e. until (and including) 12 May 2024. The obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes to be issued under the Programme (and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been 
approved and the closing of the offer period of any such Notes or, as the case may be, the time when trading of such 
Notes on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later) shall not apply once this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
During its time of validity the Issuer shall not be obliged to supplement this Prospectus in case it is not being used in 
connection with an issue of Notes which shall be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA in circumstances where no exemption is available under Article 1 (4) and/or Article 3 (2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Sixt with its registered office in Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Federal Republic of Germany is solely 
responsible for the information given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained 
in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") to be prepared in relation to each Tranche (as defined 
below) of Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer hereby declares that the information contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible 
is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any information incorporated herein 
by reference (see the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and with any supplement 
hereto. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Prospectus (including any information incorporated herein by reference and any 
supplement hereto) and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the information which is incorporated herein by reference, other information on 
the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme and, if given or made, 
such information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the arranger (the 
"Arranger") of the Programme or any of the dealers specified in the section entitled "General Description 
of the Programme" (together with any additional financial institution to be appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on a 
permanent basis, the "Dealers") or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any document incorporated 
herein by reference or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms, and accordingly, and to the extent 
permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor the Issuer makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Green Bonds (as defined below), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated 
"green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), to fulfil any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines which any investor or its investments are required to comply 
with under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. The Arranger and 
the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria 
for Green Projects (as defined below), any verification of whether the Green Projects meet such criteria 
or the monitoring of the use of (net) proceeds of any Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). Investors 
should refer to the Framework (as defined below), the Evaluation (as defined below) and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the use of the (net) proceeds of any Green Bonds 
for further information. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the 
suitability or contents of the Framework and the Evaluation. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information contained in such 
documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer and no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer 
since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at

--- Page 4 ---
4 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The language of this Prospectus and any supplement hereto is English. German language translations 
of the sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and "Form of Final Terms" are also included 
in this Prospectus. The binding language of the Final Terms and the terms and conditions of the Notes 
applicable to any Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Programme (the "Conditions") may be 
German or English as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement hereto and any Final Terms and the offering, sale 
and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Prospectus, any supplement hereto or any Final Terms come are required to inform themselves 
about and observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the EEA in general, the 
Republic of Italy, the United Kingdom and Japan; see the section entitled "Selling Restrictions".  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area – If the relevant Final 
Terms include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in a member state of the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the relevant Final 
Terms include the above-mentioned legend, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom – If the relevant Final Terms include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise

--- Page 5 ---
5 
making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom may be unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as 
"Not Applicable", except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, in relation to the United 
Kingdom, any offer of Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer in the United Kingdom of Notes which are the subject of an offering/placement 
contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may 
only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer 
has been approved by the competent authority in the United Kingdom and published, all in accordance 
with the UK Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in such prospectus or relevant Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer 
has consented in writing to the use of such prospectus for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent 
sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
MiFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The relevant Final Terms may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended, (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Interest amounts payable on Notes with a fluctuating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") will be 
calculated by reference to a specific benchmark which will be provided by an administrator. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark applicable to an issue of Floating Rate Notes 
has not yet been determined. However, amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated 
by reference to EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate), which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute (Euribor) ("EMMI"), or any other benchmark.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register (the "ESMA Register") of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
The Final Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such 
case the Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply (in which case the relevant administrator would not be required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if the relevant administrator is located outside the EEA, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence) or whether the relevant benchmark does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
to be issued under the Programme may be entitled to use this Prospectus, as further described 
in the section entitled "Consent to the Use of this Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which they 
have been published. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms may not be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or 
an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Managers) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts 
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking 
statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", 
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, 
including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's 
business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions 
and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that 
the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Sixt's financial condition

--- Page 7 ---
7 
and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or 
implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Sixt's business is also subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or 
prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read 
the (sub)sections entitled "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer" and "Description of Sixt 
SE as Issuer" and such parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus as set out 
in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on Sixt's business and the markets in which it 
operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor any further Dealers assume any obligation, 
except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking 
statements to actual events or developments. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Therefore, each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of an investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Responsibility Statement ................................................................................................................................. 3 
Important Notice .............................................................................................................................................. 3 
Forward-Looking Statements .......................................................................................................................... 6 
The Notes May not be a Suitable Investment for all Investors ........................................................................ 7 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer ..................................................................................................... 14 
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes ..................................................................................................... 27 
Consent to the Use of this Prospectus .......................................................................................................... 39 
Issue Procedures ........................................................................................................................................... 40 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes – English Language Version ................................................................. 42 
Option I – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with Fixed Interest Rates ............ 43 
Option II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with Floating Interest Rates ....... 62 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes – German Language Version ................................................................ 86 
Option I – Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung .......................................................................................................................................... 87 
Option II – Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung ........................................................................................................................................ 108 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 135 
Description of Rules Regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................................. 163 
Description of Sixt SE as Issuer .................................................................................................................. 165 
Use of Proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 190 
Taxation Warning ........................................................................................................................................ 191 
Selling Restrictions ...................................................................................................................................... 192 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................................... 198 
General Information ..................................................................................................................................... 200 
Names and Addresses ................................................................................................................................ 202

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms and any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a 
consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including the information incorporated by reference.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 (1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in the sections entitled "Form of Final Terms" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Sixt SE 
Legal Entity Identifier 
("LEI"): 
5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07 
Description: 
The Euro 2,500,000,000 debt issuance programme of Sixt SE is a 
programme for the issue of Notes in bearer form. 
Programme Size: 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to 
time 
outstanding 
under 
the 
Programme 
will 
not 
exceed 
EUR 2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The 
Issuer may increase the Programme size from time to time in 
accordance with the terms of the amended and restated dealer 
agreement dated 12 May 2023 and concluded between the Issuer, 
the Arranger and the Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"). 
Arranger: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers:  
Bayerische Landesbank 
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Paying Agent: 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
and/or any other paying agent appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series of Notes. 
Series and Tranches: 
Notes will be issued in Tranches. The Notes belonging to the same 
Tranche will be identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which

--- Page 10 ---
10 
are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and are 
identical in all respects, but having (if so applicable) different issue 
dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments, may form a Series of fungible Notes.  
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes applicable to each Tranche of Notes, which 
will be set out in a document specific to such Tranche referred to as 
Final Terms. 
Distribution of Notes: 
Notes may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private 
placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to qualified and retail 
investors, unless the relevant Final Terms include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area" or "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom", in which case the Notes will be offered only to qualified 
investors. 
Issue Price:  
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par, as stated in the relevant Final Terms. The 
issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis 
of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers. 
Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an 
issue price corresponding to the yield. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. 
Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other 
currency recognised from time to time for the purposes of eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem, may be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, these Notes may initially be 
deposited upon issue with (i) either Clearstream Banking S.A. or 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common safekeeper (in the case of a new 
global note) or, (ii) Clearstream Banking AG. This does not 
necessarily mean, however, that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria prevailing from time to time. 
Currencies of the Notes: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Pound Sterling, Swiss Francs 
and United States Dollars and, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions and requirements of relevant central banks, 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, or, if in any currency other than 
euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to EUR 1,000 
at the time of the issue of such Notes. The Notes will be freely

--- Page 11 ---
11 
transferable. 
Clearing:  
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing 
Systems as specified in the relevant Final Terms. These systems 
may comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations which are 
preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 2 (Status, Negative Pledge) of the 
Conditions. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, all as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Yield: 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated by the use of the 
ICMA (International Capital Market Association) method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes by taking into account 
accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Maturity: 
Under this Prospectus, only Notes with a maturity of twelve months 
or more may be issued. 
Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) (i) 
at the option of the Issuer and/or the Holders upon giving notice to 
the Holders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity, (ii) at the option of the Issuer 
in case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or 
purchased by any subsidiary of the Issuer, (iii) (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) at the option of the Issuer in case a replacement rate, an

--- Page 12 ---
12 
adjustment spread or a replacement rate adjustment cannot be 
determined following a rate replacement event, or (iv) at the option of 
the Holders in case a change of control of the Issuer occurs and, in 
each case, at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Conditions. 
Taxation: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If any withholding or deduction with 
respect to amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, 
the Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Conditions, pay such additional 
amounts of principal and interest as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Holders after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been received by the Holders in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
Rating: 
The Programme has not been rated. Series of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme may be rated or not rated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, 
Notification, 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the 
CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
 
In accordance with Article 25 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the 
Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities 
in Austria, Germany and the Netherlands with a Notification. The 
Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in 
additional member states within the EEA with further Notifications. 
 
Application has been made to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit such Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes to be 
issued under the Programme may also be not listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which

--- Page 13 ---
13 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and/or transfer of the Notes 
in the United States of America, the EEA in general, the Republic of 
Italy, the United Kingdom and Japan, as set out in the section entitled 
"Selling Restrictions". 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in Notes to be issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. A discussion of these risks is set out in the section 
entitled "Risk Factors". There are certain factors that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. These are set out in the subsection entitled 
"Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer". In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with any Notes to be issued under the Programme 
and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. These are set out in the section entitled "Risk Factors 
Relating to the Notes".

--- Page 14 ---
14 
RISK FACTORS  
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make payments due in respect of 
the Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which the Issuer may 
currently deem not to be material may instead be or become material over time and could likewise impair 
the business operations of the Issuer or the Group and have a material adverse effect on its business, 
cash flows, results of operations and its financial condition. 
The Issuer has identified in the following subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer" a 
number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due 
under any Notes. 
In addition, certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes to be issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme are also described below in the subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the 
Notes". 
Prospective investors should consider all risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described below 
may combine and thus intensify one another. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and should consult 
with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) prior 
to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this section "Risk Factors". 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
As a matter of the nature of Sixt SE's business it is exposed to the following risks, which are presented 
in the categories below depending on their nature with the most material risk factor mentioned first in 
each category. The assessment of materiality was based on the probability of occurrence and expected 
magnitude of negative impact. Subsequent risk factors in the same category have not been ranked in 
order of materiality of occurrence. 
1. Risks Relating to the Group's Industry and Markets,  
2. Risks Relating to the Business,  
3. Financial Risks, 
4. Risks Relating to the Structure of the Sixt Group, and 
5. Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Group's Industry and Markets 
General Market Risks 
The business of the Sixt Group is dependent on the general economic environment across the globe 
and – because of the geographical focus of their activities – particularly in Europe and the USA, as the 
general economic development has a major effect on the investment inclination and spending propensity 
of customers and, in turn, on the demand for mobility products of the Sixt Group. 
During phases of economic weakness, in particular recessions, demand for mobility products offered by 
the Sixt Group may fall as a result of cost-saving measures by its customers, both companies and private 
households. A downturn in the overall economy could therefore adversely affect demand for vehicle

--- Page 15 ---
15 
rental products which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. High inflation rates also may have negative cost effects 
in case rising purchasing prices as well as personnel and other costs may not be compensated by higher 
rental prices. 
In addition, the Sixt Group's business may be adversely affected by national and international 
developments such as political upheavals and revolutions, armed conflicts (as of the date of this 
Prospectus such as the war in the Ukraine), acts of terrorism, trade wars, sanctions and embargos, 
natural disasters, environmental disasters, epidemics or even pandemics such as the spread of the so-
called SARS Cov-2 virus ("COVID-19"), which heavily impacted economic activity worldwide. 
The Sixt Group is also dependent on developments in tourism and personal transport (in particular air 
travel), which are dependent on a variety of factors that the Sixt Group cannot influence. These include, 
for example, the expansion of the public transport infrastructure, improvements in traffic flow and the 
coordination of the combined use of different modes of transport. Legal requirements relating to 
environmental protection, which are growing in importance above all in the EU but also in other regions 
of the world, can, when combined with widespread public debate – such as the public discussions about 
possible driving bans for vehicles with combustion engines – bring about changes in mobility patterns, 
which could adversely affect the demand for the Sixt Group's vehicle rental products. Demand could 
also be adversely affected by alternative mobility solutions (e.g. subscription services, abo-models, car 
sharing) that replace the classic rental products brought to market by start-ups, but also by business 
units of established car manufacturers or other companies that have not previously been part of the 
automotive industry (e.g. Intel, Alphabet (Google)). This could have negative effects on demand for the 
mobility products offered by the Sixt Group. 
Each of these developments may have material adverse effects on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to High Level of Competition in the Group's Industry 
The mobility markets worldwide are markets of intense competition. Internationally, the Sixt Group is 
competing with several large vehicle rental companies, while locally the Sixt Group is often also 
competing against smaller local or regional car rental companies. Since price is one of the main 
competitive factors, intense competition may lead to individual market participants attempting to gain 
market share by consciously implementing an aggressive pricing policy, often even accepting operating 
losses. There is a high risk that currently high rental prices, which are in particular due to lasting effects 
of the chip crisis, disrupted supply chains (also as a direct and indirect effect of the war in the Ukraine) 
and the associated vehicle shortage, may decrease again. In this context, there is a high risk that a 
possible oversupply of vehicles in future may lead to intense pricing pressure. If potential competitive 
pressures require the Sixt Group to adapt to such aggressive pricings this would have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. The 
same applies to the car sharing and ride hailing markets, where competition is even more intense. 
Furthermore, the competition, in particular the price competition, is aggravated as a result of the 
increased use of comparison portals and similar websites on the internet which enhance the 
transparency of the prices offered by the various providers, including smaller and regional providers 
which would otherwise not have the same or any awareness of the potential customers. 
In addition, in times of vehicle shortages or lower production of vehicles, the intense competition may 
lead to higher purchase prices and other unfavourable purchase conditions for vehicles (such as the 
non-availability of buy-back agreements for vehicles (see the subsection entitled: "Risks Relating to 
Vehicles not Covered by Repurchase Commitments"), the main assets of car rental companies), which, 
due to the high level of competition, may not be passed on to the customer in future. 
No assurance can be given that the Sixt Group will be able to improve and successfully market its 
existing product range and compete successfully in future. Competitors of the Sixt Group may have or 
develop, in particular, lower cost bases (including access to cheaper fleets), greater financial resources, 
a larger customer base, better distribution channels, greater market shares and/or brand recognition,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
better staff or other advantages. In addition, technology and digital solutions have become increasingly 
important in recent years. There can be no assurance that competitors do not have, or will not develop, 
better technology, in particular with respect to artificial intelligence, and digital solutions than those 
developed and used by the Sixt Group. There is also no assurance that the Sixt Group will have the 
resources required to successfully meet the challenges of changes in market conditions or market 
prices, the concentration process or the potential entry of new competitors in the markets of the Sixt 
Group. The inability of the Sixt Group to meet such challenges in future could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Changes in Technology 
The Sixt Group needs to anticipate and react to technological changes, in particular related to online 
and mobile booking services and advancements in the automotive sectors. Customers have grown 
accustomed to organising their business and private trips by using online and mobile channels. 
Accordingly, the entire preparation of a journey, starting from the choice of airline, hotel reservation 
through to booking the rental vehicle or other mobility services, is often conducted via one technical 
interface, such as the computer, the smartphone or tablet. To this end, the Sixt Group needs to 
cooperate with numerous providers of online and mobile solutions in the travel and mobility industry and 
has to permanently upgrade its IT systems to the latest state of technology. This results in the need to 
make substantial investments in new or enhanced technologies which may prove unsuccessful and not 
yield the anticipated attraction for customers. Furthermore, providers of online and mobile solutions or 
their individual products or services may not be available at all or not at acceptable prices. 
In the automotive sector, the trend towards self-driving vehicles (autonomous driving) may result in car 
manufacturers offering mobility solutions (e.g. on the basis of self-driving vehicles) directly to customers 
thereby circumventing rental companies, including those of the Sixt Group. Such disintermediation 
would result in car manufacturers competing directly with the Sixt Group for customers. Such vehicles 
may also not be available for the Sixt Group to a sufficient extent or at all or it is possible that 
manufacturers will not enter into repurchase agreements for such vehicles on commercially reasonable 
terms or at all (see the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to Vehicles not Covered by Repurchase 
Commitments"). In addition, other companies that have not previously been part of the automotive 
industry (e.g. Intel, Alphabet (Google)) have developed or are developing self-driving vehicles 
(autonomous driving) and may directly offer those vehicles to customers instead of selling those vehicles 
to the Sixt Group. All of the above would prevent the Sixt Group from offering new mobility solutions and 
may push customers away from mobility offerings of the Sixt Group. 
Changes in technology and consumer preferences such as the growth of sales of electric vehicles, either 
through increasing demand or imposed statutory quotas, as well as the above-mentioned trend towards 
self-driving vehicles (autonomous driving) will create considerable challenges in adapting the Sixt 
Group's fleet, rental stations, infrastructure, IT landscape and processes in order to address such new 
customer demands or potentially upcoming regulatory requirements. Landlords of rental stations (in 
particular airports, train stations or large downtown stations) might not offer Sixt the necessary 
infrastructure or even forbid Sixt to install the necessary charging infrastructure. Any material change in 
technology and consumer preferences will create a need for the Sixt Group to make substantial 
investments in new technologies which may prove unsuccessful and not yield the anticipated attraction 
for customers. In addition, the financing of such investments may not be available to the Sixt Group on 
favourable terms or at all. Changes in technology may have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.  
Risks Relating to Changes in Mobility Patterns 
Potentially disruptive changes in mobility patterns such as the growth of car sharing, ride-hailing (i.e. 
ordering a car, taxi, limousine or any other form of transportation pick up) and connected services may 
occur. This creates opportunities available to new market entrants, mostly from the internet and tech 
industry but also from industries like the automotive sector. A lower than expected performance of Sixt's 
mobility products in these new markets and an exposure to the new business models represent a risk 
to the Sixt Group. In addition, this may significantly increase the already intense competition in the 
mobility industry and could result in loss of customers for the Sixt Group and a decrease in revenues.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
This may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
In addition, travel behaviour of customers may change in general and lead to less demand in the mobility 
products of the Sixt Group. For example, the substitution of personal meetings by telephone or video 
calls could have a severe impact on the demand for mobility products, in particular with respect to 
business travel. Also, many employers now offer home-office solutions, which also leads to less travel. 
It is likely that these trends will continue. In addition, customers may also travel less in future or use 
other mobility options (e.g. for environmental reasons or due to high fuel prices (inter alia as direct or 
indirect effect of the war in the Ukraine)). All of the above could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Business 
Risks Relating to Epidemics or Pandemics such as the COVID-19 Pandemic 
The spread of COVID-19 in the beginning of 2020 quickly turned into a global pandemic and has resulted 
in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to limit the spread of the virus, such as travel 
bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, physical distancing rules and business 
shutdowns. In addition, as a result of such measures and the economic disruptions caused – among 
others – on manufacturing supply chains and industrial production, the COVID-19 pandemic has 
severely impacted all major economies. The impact of COVID-19 and containment measures triggered 
in response to the virus had massively affected the Sixt Group's business. 
The Sixt Group's earnings may be strongly influenced by the further course and duration of the COVID-
19 pandemic or new epidemics and/or pandemics and their macroeconomic effects. The degree to 
which pandemics or epidemics, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, may impact the Sixt Group's 
results will, among others, depend on virus mutations, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines, the 
acceptance of vaccines by the population as well as future developments and government restrictions 
imposed on societies, all of which are highly uncertain and beyond the Sixt Group's control and, thus, 
cannot be predicted. If authorities were to continuously or newly implement measures such as travel 
restrictions/bans, quarantine, shelter in place orders, physical distancing rules and business shutdowns 
(e.g. due to new viruses/variants, inefficient vaccines, low vaccination rates) this could result in decline 
in demand for the Sixt Group's mobility products. In addition, epidemics and/or pandemics may have 
negative impacts on supply chains and the availability or vehicles. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Fleet Planning 
High utilisation of the rental fleet, combined with the availability of different types of vehicles, are of great 
importance for the success of the Sixt Group. Availability relates not only to the absolute size of the 
rental fleet but also to individual vehicle classes and types that meet customer demand. Declining 
demand can result in a lower-than-expected utilisation of the rental fleet that is provided up-front, which 
in turn affects the profitability of rental products adversely. For an efficient and flexible control the Sixt 
Group is therefore dependent on sophisticated, reliable and tried-and-tested fleet management and yield 
management tools. 
In addition, the Sixt Group may be unable to react to fluctuations in demand swiftly enough as it enters 
into purchase and leasing agreements with vehicle dealers and manufacturers in advance with only 
limited flexibility. 
The inability of the Sixt Group to forecast the future need of vehicles with a sufficient degree of certainty 
and to adjust the size and structure of its fleet accordingly and to efficiently manage the availability of 
the vehicles in the individual locations, where they are required could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Risks Relating to Rental Fleet Supply 
The Sixt Group obtains its vehicles from manufacturers and dealers. The Sixt Group is highly dependent 
on the supply of popular vehicle models and a sufficient number of vehicles with alternative powertrains 
(e.g. electric vehicles), their purchase at competitive terms (in particular in times of high inflation), high 
quality products, certain technical equipment (e.g. allowing for digitisation of rental processes), an 
attractive product range and, for reasons of pricing certainty, high sales capacities and independence 
of fluctuations in prices for used vehicles to a certain extent, on the granting of repurchase commitments 
or availability of leasing agreements. There is no assurance that the Sixt Group will be in a position to 
select a sufficient number of popular vehicle models from different manufacturers and dealers, to 
negotiate purchase or leasing conditions that offer sufficient contribution margins, to distribute its fleet 
over a number of suppliers, to base vehicle deliveries on intra-year requirements planning and to enter 
into repurchase or leasing agreements.  
The Sixt Group is heavily dependent on the manufacturers' and dealers' ability to deliver vehicles on 
time. Various events, whether under the control of the respective manufacturer or dealer (e.g. disputes 
between manufacturers and suppliers, supply chain disruptions) or outside any responsibility (e.g. acts 
of God, strikes, political upheavals and revolutions, armed conflicts (as of the date of this Prospectus 
such as the war in the Ukraine), acts of terrorism, trade wars, sanctions and embargos, natural disasters, 
environmental disasters, epidemics or even pandemics such as the spread of COVID-19, can cause 
vehicles to not be delivered to the Sixt Group on time or at all. The Sixt Group is additionally dependent 
on strategic considerations of the manufacturers or dealers, whether to sell or not to sell vehicles to car 
rental companies and the Sixt Group in particular, or changes in market conditions in the automobile 
industry. For example, during periods of lower vehicle production and/or higher demand for vehicles 
manufacturers and dealers may prefer to provide other customers with potentially higher margins in 
comparison to car rental companies such as the Sixt Group with vehicles. 
In addition, vehicle manufacturers or dealers could make the delivery of vehicles dependent on advance 
payments. In this case, the Sixt Group bears an additional credit risk of these manufacturers and 
dealers. 
If any of these risks were to materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Solvency of Obligors of the Repurchase Commitments 
The Sixt Group has entered into numerous buy-back agreements covering the majority of the purchased 
rental vehicles added to the fleet each year with dealers and manufacturers of such purchased vehicles, 
under the terms of which the Sixt Group may sell back the vehicles to the respective dealer or 
manufacturer at pre-determined conditions upon expiry of the agreed holding period. Especially due to 
the difficult economic situation in the automobile markets, such counterparties, and dealers in particular, 
may not be able to meet their repurchase commitments in full or at all or may become insolvent. In these 
cases, the Sixt Group would be forced to sell the affected vehicles itself on the used vehicles markets, 
which would not only give rise to unexpected costs but would also expose the Sixt Group to market price 
risks in the used vehicle markets, which are even higher since the used car market for cars of an 
insolvent manufacturer is likely to be disturbed leading to lower prices of the relevant cars, otherwise 
borne by the counterparties under the repurchase agreements. All of the above risks have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
Risks Relating to Vehicles not Covered by Repurchase Commitments 
Purchased vehicles not covered by buy-back agreements have to be sold by the Sixt Group in the used 
vehicle markets and, as a consequence, residual values of such vehicles are exposed to various 
uncertainties in such markets. The Group's ability to sell these so called "at risk vehicles" in the used 
vehicle markets could become constrained as a result of a number of factors or events, including the 
economic environment, model changes, legislative requirements, governmental, supra-national or social 
initiatives as well as oversupply by manufacturers of certain vehicle types or models. A decline in used

--- Page 19 ---
19 
vehicle prices may severely hinder the Sixt Group's ability to sell such vehicles at adequate prices, which 
could result in losses. A lack of liquidity in the used vehicle markets may furthermore lead to the Sixt 
Group not being able to sell enough vehicles or such vehicles at all, thus leading to a lack of liquidity of 
the Sixt Group. 
In addition, vehicles subject to a buy-back agreement enable the Group to much better determine in 
advance the fleet holding costs of the purchased vehicles and the related cash flows in comparison to 
vehicles not covered by such agreements. Any increase in the proportion of "at risk vehicles" in the Sixt 
Group's fleet would decrease the Sixt Group's ability to forecast its fleet holding costs and related cash 
flows. Furthermore, buy-back agreements typically provide for shorter holding periods as it is 
economically reasonable to hold "at risk vehicles". This flexibility contributes, however, to the Group's 
ability to optimize its fleet and retain its premium character. 
There can be no assurance that the Sixt Group will be able to maintain the current high percentage of 
vehicles covered by buy-back agreements in its rental fleet or that the same level of flexibility will be 
maintained in future. In particular due to the strong growth in the United States, the most important 
growth market for the Sixt Group, there is a high probability that the number (and thus also the 
percentage) of vehicles not covered by buy-back agreements will increase, as in the United States such 
agreements are significantly less common and vehicles are usually offered to rental car companies by 
manufacturers and dealers as "at risk vehicles". In addition, due to the shortage of new vehicles caused 
by the chip crisis, the proportion of vehicles covered by buy-back agreements is currently also 
decreasing in Europe, as the Sixt Group currently purchases more "at risk vehicles" than usual in order 
to secure its vehicle fleet. 
Vehicles not covered by buy-back agreements generally and, in particular, an increase of such "at risk 
vehicles" in the Sixt Group's fleet could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Development and Maintaining of a Favourable Brand Recognition 
Maintaining and further developing a favourable brand recognition of the "Sixt" brand are crucial factors 
for the further success of the operations of the Sixt Group. Factors affecting the brand recognition are 
often outside the Sixt Group's control (see also the subsection "Risks Relating to the Protection of 
Intellectual Property"). The risks of reputational damages are greatly increased by the large network of 
franchisees and agents, which are all using the "Sixt" brand for their operations, on whose behaviour 
the Sixt Group has limited influence. 
Any reputational damage could result in the loss of customers and of market share as well as its market 
position as provider of premium services and could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Failures or Other Malfunctions of Computer Systems 
The Sixt Group in many cases uses its own software solutions for the execution of major tasks in 
business management, among others for the purposes of cost management and the analysis of demand 
assessment, the achievement of a high availability and utilisation of the rental fleet. Such solutions 
include, in particular, the so-called yield management system and the rental software. The software 
solutions are complemented by many third-party IT-solutions. For example, the Sixt Group has 
implemented SAP for financial processes or SalesForce for CRM purposes. The failure-free operation 
and further development of the own software systems as well as third party software are essential for 
the efficient conduct of the operations of the Sixt Group. System malfunctions and faults in the computer 
systems, hardware and software, including server failures (including cloud services), can cause 
considerable problems in operating processes and, in serious cases, even bring them to a standstill. In 
addition, when implementing new, replacement or supplementary software the high complexity of the IT 
system places high demands on compatibility on existing systems so as to guarantee smooth 
continuation of the operative business. Any IT system failures and/or the costs of fixing such failures 
could have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Risks Relating to Security Breaches and Cyber-Attacks 
The Sixt Group's IT-systems possess, store and handle huge amounts of data, including personal data, 
payment information and business critical data. If the Sixt Group were unable to maintain the security 
of the data it holds or the integrity or availability of its systems, whether as the result of the Sixt Group's 
own error or the malfeasance, errors, malicious acts of others, this could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. Third parties, 
in particular criminal hackers, may have the technology and/or expertise to attack and possibly breach 
the security measures implemented by the Sixt Group. The Sixt Group's security measures may not 
prevent security breaches that could result in considerable problems with respect to operating processes 
and, in serious cases, even bring those processes to a standstill. All of the above risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Internationalisation of Business Activities 
The Sixt Group has been pursuing a strategy of internationalisation in Europe for many years and since 
2011 also in the USA and since 2022 in Canada. This strategy of internationalisation involves various 
risks including market-specific, legal, fraud, financial and personnel risks. These include possible 
incorrect assessments of market conditions in the countries in question, changes to national legal and/or 
tax frameworks, the costs associated with the establishment of an effective business organisation and 
the need to find qualified management personnel and suitable employees.  
The Sixt Group aims to pursue its strategy of growth and especially internationalisation primarily through 
organic growth, but to the extent the Sixt Group decides to pursue its growth and internationalisation 
strategy through acquisitions (including by way of taking over franchise and cooperation partners), there 
are also transaction-related risks, including that acquisitions cannot be successfully integrated into the 
Sixt Group's existing operations, or that such transactions do not yield the expected benefits or 
advantages. Failures or delays in integrating acquisitions may be costly and impair the development of 
the Sixt Group's business. No assurance can be given that the Sixt Group will be able to successfully 
expand its position in the foreign markets. The opening of new rental stations abroad generally requires 
considerable upfront investments by the Sixt Group and relevant market analyses as well as other 
research by the Sixt Group cannot guarantee that such stations will be successful. Future expansion 
might be limited, among other things, by the possibilities and costs of financing such expansion. In order 
to finance its targeted growth, the Sixt Group will continue to require considerable additional funds. 
If there is failure or delay in the implementation of the Sixt Group's internationalisation strategies, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Sixt Group 
and also on existing customer relations, because especially corporate customers, who are one of the 
Sixt Group's main customer groups, require more and more mobility offerings on an international scale. 
Due to the same reason a failure by the Sixt Group to maintain its presence, through subsidiaries as 
well as through cooperation with franchisees and cooperation partners, in certain key countries, may 
result in a disproportionately high decline of revenues and in particular corporate customers of the Sixt 
Group. Such decline of corporate customers of the Sixt Group may in turn lead to further terminations 
by franchisees and cooperation partners which may further aggravate the decline of revenues and 
customers of the Sixt Group. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Necessity to Operate Rental Offices at Airports, Train Stations and Other 
Highly Frequented Places 
The concentration of rental offices at airports, train stations and other places with high passenger 
frequency is particularly important for the Sixt Group's rental business. Should the Sixt Group not be 
able in future to lease rental offices at suitable locations (such as central airport offices) and at 
appropriate terms or to extend the term of existing lease agreements, or should a material number of 
rental offices be closed, even temporarily, this could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Risks Relating to Fraud, Theft and Fraudulent Appropriation 
The Sixt Group's businesses are, given its scale and nature, exposed to various types of fraud, targeting 
it directly or its customers and suppliers. In particular, the Sixt Group's business involves the risk of theft 
and fraudulent appropriation of vehicles and resulting financial losses. This risk may increase as a result 
of the Sixt Group's expansion and opening of additional markets. In addition, an increase of theft losses 
covered by insurances could result in increasing insurance premiums. Should the Sixt Group not be 
able to implement appropriate technological or organisational preventive measures in future, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 
of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Recall Campaigns 
Vehicles in the Sixt Group's fleet are regularly subject to recalls by manufacturers. Recalls may cause 
the Sixt Group to recall rented vehicles from customers or to decline to rent available vehicles. In 
particular, if a large number of vehicles were to be simultaneously recalled, or the necessary spare parts 
to apply the steps described in the recall were not available in sufficient quantities, this could lead to a 
constraint or inefficiency of the Sixt Group's fleet and, as a consequence, to a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. The Sixt 
Group could also potentially face liability claims if the Sixt Group was unable to adhere to recalls in the 
required periods of time or at all. Also such claims would have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Payment Methods 
The Sixt Group offers a broad variety of different payment methods tailored to meet its customers' 
payment preferences. These payment methods include, inter alia, invoicing, credit and debit cards, 
direct debit, checks and others. The Sixt Group faces various risks in connection with these payment 
methods, such as the risk of operational failures, transmission errors, fee increases, higher costs, 
insolvency of service providers (e.g. payment service provider, credit card acquirer, card issuing credit 
institutes), introduction of additional regulations and compliance requirements as well as various types 
of fraud or cyber-attacks. In addition there is no guarantee, that the Sixt Group will be able to maintain 
its right to accept credit cards or other payment instruments. 
All of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Franchise System 
The Sixt Group has a huge network of franchisees all over the world. Franchise fees from franchisees 
contribute to the Sixt Group's profit. Furthermore, the franchise network contributes customers to the 
Sixt Corporate Countries and thus revenue of the Sixt Group. The franchisees are typically contractually 
bound for a five year period. The Sixt Group cannot guarantee that all of its franchise contracts will be 
renewed or renewed at the same conditions. The Sixt Group may also lose franchisees to competitors 
due to better offers or for other reasons. If one or more of the Sixt Group's franchisees were to leave 
the Sixt Group's networks the Sixt Group inter alia would lose the related fees and the customers 
contributed to the network and the geographic coverage would be reduced, thus weakening the Sixt 
Group's brand and attractiveness to customers (see also the subsection "Risks Relating to the 
Internationalisation of Business Activities"). In addition, the reputation of the Sixt Group could be 
adversely impacted by actions of the franchisees which are outside of the direct control of the Sixt Group. 
All of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Risks Relating to the Necessity of Maintaining Strategic Partnerships, Cooperations and 
Distribution Channels 
Strategic partnerships and cooperations are a crucial factor of success for car rental companies 
depending on continuous customer lead generation, in particular due to the dynamic competitive 
environment in which the Sixt Group operates. The Sixt Group is a partner of numerous airlines, hotel 
chains and other key players in the mobility and tourism industry, including distribution channels 
important in particular for the referral of leisure customers. The agreements with these partners and 
distribution channels often provide for short notice periods and, save for only few exceptions, are not 
exclusive. It cannot be excluded that due to changes in market conditions or changes in the marketing 
or business strategy of the partners and distribution channels, existing contracts might be terminated or 
proposed partnerships might not be concluded, maintained or expanded or that the offerings of 
competitors might be preferred or higher ranked for whatever reason (potentially also due to better 
pricing). The termination of existing contracts, the lack of suitable future partners or distribution channels 
or the preferential treatment of competitors or their better ranking could result in the loss of clients and 
of market share as well as its market position as provider of premium services and could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
3. 
Financial Risks 
Risk Relating to the Credit Quality of its Contracting Parties, in Particular its Customers 
The Sixt Group is exposed to the risk that the credit quality of its corporate and retail customers as well 
as business partners (see the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to Solvency of Obligors of the 
Repurchase Commitments" in relation to dealers and manufacturers as counterparties of buy-back 
agreements) may deteriorate and in the worst case they may default (risk of counterparty default). This 
risk is influenced by, among other factors, the financial strength of the respective counterparty, which in 
many cases is influenced by macroeconomic conditions. If, for example, an economic downturn leads 
to increased inability or unwillingness of customers or other business partners to pay outstanding 
invoices, increased write-downs and higher provisions would be required, which in turn could adversely 
affect the Sixt Group's results of operations. The Sixt Group has implemented procedures in order to 
monitor the credit risk, contact delinquent customers and business partners and, where necessary, to 
take legal actions, such as a dunning process. However, there is still the risk that these procedures 
might not be sufficient to prevent significant negative effects for the Sixt Group. 
The Sixt Group is exposed to the risk of deterioration of the credit quality of its contractual counterparties 
in the money markets and the capital markets. The Sixt Group maintains extensive business 
relationships with banks to control liquidity through lending and deposits and to hedge against risks such 
as currency exchange rate and interest rate risks using derivatives. The Sixt Group incurs default risks 
with respect to the repayment of and interest on the deposits and the fulfilment of obligations under such 
derivatives. If the credit quality of the respective counterparty deteriorates, or if the counterparty 
becomes insolvent, this may result in significant losses for the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Refinancing of Existing Debt, Availability of Funds and Cost of Debt 
The operations of the Sixt Group, in particular in periods of growth, are dependent on the availability of 
sufficient and cost-efficient funding. For financing its business operations, the Sixt Group mainly uses 
short-term financing facilities granted by several banks, commercial papers, a syndicated loan, 
borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) and bonds as well as, in particular with respect to 
vehicles, operating leases. See also the subsection entitled "Description of Sixt as Issuer – Business 
Overview – Financing Arrangements and Securities". 
The financing opportunities of the Sixt Group may, among others, be adversely affected by a 
deterioration in financial and general market conditions, a weakening of its credit profile and outlook as

--- Page 23 ---
23 
well as internal rating downgrades by banks. In addition, in view of ongoing changes in the banking 
sector, among others due to higher regulatory capital requirements for credit operations or changed risk 
weightings (among others due to Basel III/IV), financial institutions may change their financing policies 
significantly. Furthermore, demand from banks and other creditors (in particular in the capital markets) 
for sustainable financing options (such as green financing or sustainable financing) is increasing, in part 
also due to regulatory requirements, and the Sixt Group may not be in a position to offer sustainable 
financing options in sufficient amounts or at all. The Sixt Group could be exposed to the risk to fail to 
obtain external financing from banks or other debt investors (e.g. through placements of borrower's 
notes loans (Schuldscheindarlehen), bonds or short-term commercial papers) on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all. It could become more expensive, more difficult or even impossible for the 
Sixt Group to find external financing sources depending, among others, on general market conditions 
and the assessment and appraisal of the creditworthiness of Sixt SE and its subsidiaries. No assurance 
can be given that the Sixt Group will be able to refinance its debt or that the Sixt Group's assets will be 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding in which case the Issuer and/or other members of the Sixt 
Group could be required to file for insolvency.  
Moreover, the Sixt Group has not obtained an external credit rating from any rating agency. As a result, 
it may be more difficult for the Sixt Group to refinance its debt and to anticipate the interest rates and 
other costs that it will incur upon the refinancing of its debt. On the other hand, it cannot be excluded 
that the Sixt Group's financing costs will increase if an external credit rating is assigned to any debt 
instrument or to any entity of the Sixt Group in future. 
Furthermore, considerable expenses will accrue in each year for the payment of interest and other costs 
(e.g. commitment fees) relating to the Sixt Group's various sources of funding. These material costs 
affect the liquidity and profitability of the Sixt Group. Any negative development in the capital markets 
as well as increasing interest rates increase Sixt Group's financing costs. This applies, in addition, if 
banks, depending on the market situation and their own creditworthiness, may have to accept increased 
risk premiums in their own refinancing or in cases of a weakening of the credit profile and/or outlook of 
the Sixt Group. In this case these premiums are expected to be passed on to customers, such as the 
Sixt Group, taking out loans from such banks. This may further increase financing costs for the Sixt 
Group. The Sixt Group may not be able to pass on any of such increased financing costs to its 
customers. Moreover, it cannot be excluded that banks or financial services institutions (in particular 
due to regulatory requirements such as Basel III/IV) will apply in future a more restrictive lending policy 
and will not make available to Sixt Group credit facilities or funding facilities in an amount that is sufficient 
for the needs of Sixt Group or expected by the Issuer. In case of an increase in interest rates, risk 
premiums or other costs of financing and in case of higher refinancing costs which Sixt Group might not 
be able to pass on to customers, or if the availability of financings is affected, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
In addition, members of the Sixt Group may issue further capital market instruments, e.g. borrower's 
note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen), profit participation certificates, notes, asset-backed securities, or 
other financing instruments all of which would lead to a higher amount of liabilities as well as a higher 
amount of expenses for payment of interest and other costs. In addition, it cannot be ruled out that the 
capital markets, temporarily or for longer, will have only limited capacity and/or willingness to absorb 
issues of bonds, commercial paper, borrower's note loans (Schuldscheindarlehen) or any other debt 
instrument of the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Termination of Existing or Future Financings 
Sixt Group is exposed to the risk of early termination of certain or all of the Group's debt instruments 
(e.g. due to default, cross acceleration or default, insolvency, material adverse change, change of 
control). Even if a lender is reluctant to seek acceleration or enforcement, the event could nonetheless 
result in the lender refusing to fund new (non-rollover) utilisations under a revolving credit facility. The 
applicable grace periods (e.g. in case of a non-payment or cross acceleration or cross default) in the 
different debt instruments are not the same and, thus, can in particular be shorter under certain debt

--- Page 24 ---
24 
instruments than grace periods with respect to Notes. Adverse effects on the business of the Sixt Group 
could result in the breach of one or more covenants, in particular financial covenants, which form part 
of debt instruments, in particular credit agreements, and which, in turn, could lead to the lender taking 
steps to accelerate or cross-accelerate the respective instrument and enforce its rights. If the Sixt Group 
would be unable or chooses not to refinance its debt, including terminated or distressed debt, it may be 
required to delay capital expenditure programs and/or forced to sell assets on a distressed basis, either 
of which could have an adverse effect on the Sixt Group's business, and/or even be required to file for 
insolvency. Furthermore, it is not assured that the Sixt Group in such circumstances will be able to fully 
repay all its debt. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have material adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Financing Risks 
The Sixt Group's ordinary business activities are exposed to various financing risks. These include e.g. 
interest rate risks (in particular if they cannot be passed on to customers through price increases) as 
well as foreign currency exchange rate risks in particular with respect to receivables and liabilities 
resulting from operational and financial relationships between Sixt SE and foreign subsidiaries in Non-
Euro-countries. Furthermore, the Group reports its results in Euro but also conducts major business in 
Non-Euro-countries and the Group is therefore subject to a further foreign currency exchange rate risks 
(translation risk). The foreign currency exchange rate risk applies in addition, if the Group converts 
currencies that the Group may receive from operating subsidiaries into currencies (mainly Euro) required 
to pay the Group's debt or other liabilities. 
While the Sixt Group may – from time to time – enter into hedging transactions to hedge its interest rate 
and/or foreign currency exchange rate exposure, there can be no guarantee that such hedging 
transactions will be effective or that losses will be avoided. Suitable hedging transactions envisioned by 
the Group's hedging strategy may also not always be available at reasonable prices. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above, in particular increasing interest rates, as it is the 
case as of the date of this Prospectus, and risks relating to foreign exchange rates, could have material 
adverse effects on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt 
Group. 
4.  
Risks Relating to the Structure of the Sixt Group 
Risks Relating to the Holding Structure 
Sixt SE is the parent and holding company for the Sixt Group, provides administrative services for group 
subsidiaries and is responsible for the strategic and financial management of the Sixt Group. All 
business operations are conducted by the business units and the respective subsidiaries of Sixt SE. 
The assets of Sixt SE essentially consist of direct and indirect investments in the subsidiaries operating 
the business units and other operational subsidiaries. Therefore, in order to be able to meet its operating 
and other expenses, including the payment of principal and interest to the Holders, Sixt SE is entirely 
dependent on the receipt of interest, loan repayments resulting from intra-group loans, dividends and 
distributions from its operating subsidiaries. The ability of the Group's operating subsidiaries to make 
these payments heavily depends on a positive cash-flow and profits generated in such subsidiaries. 
The inability of the subsidiaries of the Issuer to distribute sufficient funds to it could have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to pay interest on and repay the principal amount of the Notes 
and other obligations of the Issuer. 
Risks Relating to the Controlling Influence of the Major Shareholders 
Mr. Erich Sixt, Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt (collectively, the "Controlling 
Shareholders"), directly and indirectly, hold the majority of the outstanding voting shares (including two 
ordinary registered shares (auf den Namen lautende Stammaktien) held directly by Mr. Erich Sixt) of

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Sixt SE. The holding of these voting rights enables the Controlling Shareholders to exercise a significant 
influence on Sixt SE and, ultimately, the Sixt Group. The Controlling Shareholders will be able to 
significantly influence the outcome of corporate resolutions. Such resolutions include, among others, 
the resolution on the application of profits, the election and removal of Supervisory Board members (one 
member of the Supervisory Board is not elected by the shareholders' meeting, but delegated by Mr. 
Erich Sixt in accordance with the Articles of Association of Sixt SE), the appointment of the auditors, 
corporate actions and amendments of the Articles of Association. This influence is further increased by 
the fact that Mr. Erich Sixt is the chairman of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE and Mr. Alexander Sixt 
and Mr. Konstantin Sixt are the two Co-Chairmen of the Management Board of Sixt SE. The interest of 
the Controlling Shareholders and the Holders are not necessarily aligned and the Controlling 
Shareholders may adopt resolutions on significant matters adverse to the interest of the Holders. 
On the other hand, in the event that the Controlling Shareholders, and Mr. Erich Sixt in particular, lose 
their controlling influence for whatever reason, this might have a negative impact on the financial 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Sixt Group. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes only 
entitle the Holders to call for early redemption of the Notes, if any person or persons acting in concert 
acquire more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. Hence, the Holders will not necessarily 
be entitled to call for early redemption of the Notes in case of the loss of control of the Controlling 
Shareholders. See also the subsection entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes – Risks Associated 
with Change of Control". 
5. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Risks Relating to Tax 
The entities of the Sixt Group are regularly subject to tax audits and the business activities of the Sixt 
Group are highly dependent on tax regulations. Changes in tax legislation, case law, administrative 
opinion as well as a tax advice / tax treatment of business transactions not shared by the tax authorities 
(e.g. in the course of tax audits) can trigger additional taxes for the Sixt Group.  
Generally, tax audits may result in findings even for past financial years which could give rise to 
obligations to make additional tax payments. 
Sixt SE believes that the tax expenses and provisions for taxation recognised in its financial statements 
are in compliance with applicable laws and are sufficient in amounts. Still, it cannot be excluded that 
potential obligations to make additional tax payments in Germany or at foreign subsidiaries exceed the 
recognised provisions for taxation. Any additional tax payments could have a material adverse effect on 
the financial condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Emission Limits and Driving Bans 
The Sixt Group is exposed to developments following the discussions regarding the compliance with 
emission limits and potential driving bans, which might adversely change the requirements relating to 
its rental fleet, e.g. requiring these to be equipped with alternative powertrains (e.g. battery electric 
vehicles or hybrid electric vehicles), and the Sixt Group may not be able to timely adjust its fleet to such 
requirements and at reasonable costs (see also the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to Rental Fleet 
Supply"). In addition, the purchasing conditions for vehicles can be influenced directly or indirectly by 
government measures such as tax incentives or penalties depending on the emission level and pollutant 
emissions. In addition, it cannot be excluded that due to the shortage of fossil energy, among other 
things due to the consequences of the war in Ukraine, there may be a restriction on fuel or a (temporary) 
ban on the use of vehicles with combustion engines. This may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Non-compliance with Laws and Regulations 
The business of the Sixt Group is, especially due to its internationalisation strategy (see the subsection 
entitled "Risks Relating to the Business - Risks Relating to the Internationalisation of Business 
Activities"), subject to a variety of laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which the Sixt Group

--- Page 26 ---
26 
operates, including consumer protection laws, regulations governing the sale of goods and e-commerce, 
privacy and data protection laws, regulations governing sanctions/embargos, anti-money laundering and 
corruption and competition laws as well as tax laws and regulations, accounting and financial reporting 
standards and associated laws or regulations. In addition, in jurisdictions in which the Sixt Group is 
present with own subsidiaries new or stricter laws and regulations are being enacted that relate to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) standards (e.g. in Europe the Taxonomy Regulation or 
regulations concerning the due diligence of supply chains). 
The compliance with such laws and regulations and any changes thereto may cause material costs, 
which cannot be avoided. Any failure, or perceived failure, to comply with any of these laws and 
regulations (including any changes thereto) could damage the reputation of the Sixt Group and result in 
a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of 
the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Liabilities and Insurance 
The Sixt Group may suffer from insufficient insurance coverage for its vehicles and operations. Its 
vehicles may suffer damage as a result of accidents, vandalism, flood, storm or otherwise. Vehicles of 
the Group are not subject to comprehensive covers (Vollkaskoversicherung) and only in exceptional 
cases subject to part insurance covers (Teilkaskoversicherung) and therefore not insured against 
related risks. In addition, in many countries the Sixt Group also agrees to high self-retention amounts 
(Selbstbehalte) with the insurance companies. Thus, a significant share of the exposure to liability 
remains with the Group. In addition, where such insurances exist, the insurance coverage for the insured 
vehicles may not be sufficient to cover all damages that the Sixt Group's vehicles could potentially 
sustain. Its businesses expose the Sixt Group to claims for personal injury, death and property damage 
related to the use of its vehicles. The Sixt Group may become exposed to uninsured liability or to 
liabilities in respect of existing or future claims which exceed the level of provisions and/or insurance of 
the Sixt Group. Furthermore, insurance may not continue to be available to the Sixt Group on 
economically reasonable premiums or at all. In addition, existing insurance coverage may be terminated 
by insurance companies for reasons controlled by the Sixt Group or beyond its control and no substitute 
insurance may be available. 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to the Protection of Intellectual Property 
For the protection of its business the Sixt Group is highly dependent on its ability to obtain, maintain and 
protect its intellectual property rights, in particular, its well-known trademarks, domain names, know-
how and copyrights. No assurance can be given that the efforts of the Sixt Group to protect its intellectual 
property rights, in particular its well-known and business critical trademark "Sixt", will be sufficient. The 
Sixt Group may be unable to successfully defend its rights against third parties infringing or otherwise 
damaging or harming its intellectual property rights (e.g., by showing Sixt trademarks on websites – 
sometimes with fraudulent intent – or who convey the impression of being part of or affiliated with, or 
acting as an official representative of, the Sixt Group without permission to do so). In addition, in cases 
the Group grants a trademark license and other intellectual property to third parties (e.g. its franchisees, 
agents or service provider as well as Allane SE (a former company of the Sixt Group)), the Group may 
not be able to adequately protect these intellectual property rights against violations or abusive, 
damaging or otherwise harming use by such third party. Should the Sixt Group be required to take legal 
action in order to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, such action could, irrespective of 
the outcome of the relevant proceedings, involve significant costs. Furthermore, any unfavourable 
outcome of an action taken or the failure to take any action required to protect the trademarks, domain 
names, know-how, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of the Sixt Group could materially 
affect the competitiveness of the Sixt Group. 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Risks Relating to the Use of Standardised Contract Terms 
The mobility products of the Sixt Group are offered to a large variety of business and private customers 
resulting in a large number of contracts in all jurisdictions in which the Sixt Group has business 
operations. In addition, the Sixt Group maintains contractual relationships with numerous 
manufacturers, dealers, service providers and partners. The efficient management of such a large 
number of contracts is only possible on the basis of standardised terms and conditions, specimen 
contracts and standardised agreements. As a result of this dependence on standard terms, even minor 
inaccuracies or errors in the wording or use of any such terms or changes to the legal framework will 
automatically result in a large number of contracts becoming affected and can involve significant risks 
that clauses become invalid, contracts become terminable or require adjustments which could be 
detrimental to the Sixt Group. Furthermore, clauses could be held invalid, unfair or incompliant with 
applicable consumer protection legislation by competent authorities or courts, which could result in fines, 
costly mass litigation and high damages awards. 
The materialisation of these risks could have material adverse effects on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows or results of operations of the Sixt Group. 
Risks Relating to Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
In the ordinary course of business, various companies of the Sixt Group are involved or likely to be 
involved in administrative proceedings and litigation and are therefore exposed to numerous related 
risks. In addition, any provisions, recorded by entities of the Group, with respect to administrative 
proceedings or litigation in its financial statements could be insufficient. These risks are heightened 
because the Sixt Group operates in numerous jurisdictions as part of its internationalisation strategy. 
See also the subsection entitled "Risks Relating to the Business - Risks Relating to the 
Internationalisation of Business Activities". Administrative proceedings and litigation in foreign 
jurisdictions, including in particular the USA, can be expensive and consume significant management 
resources. 
The Sixt Group may become exposed to liabilities in respect of administrative proceedings or litigation, 
which could adversely impact its business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. Risks Relating to all Notes to be Issued under the Programme, 
2. Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the Programme, 
3. Risks Associated with Green Bonds; and 
4. Other Related Risks. 
1.  
Risks Relating to all Notes to be Issued under the Programme 
Risks in Connection with Negative Pledge and Asset-Backed Financing and Factoring 
Transactions  
§ 2 (2) of the Conditions contains a negative pledge (the "Negative Pledge") of the Issuer under which 
it undertakes (i) not to grant or to permit to subsist any in rem security (other than permitted security) for 
any present or future capital market indebtedness (including any guarantees or indemnities in respect 
thereof) on its existing or future assets, and (ii) to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no Material 
Subsidiary grants any in rem security for present or future capital market indebtedness on its existing or 
future assets, without in each case at the same time granting to the Holders an equal and rateable 
security. However, any security that has been or will be granted within the scope of asset-backed 
financing and factoring financing of the Issuer or its Material Subsidiaries on such assets is not subject 
to the Negative Pledge. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Sixt Group is in the process of setting up

--- Page 28 ---
28 
a large-volume asset-backed financing facility with respect to its vehicle fleet in the United States of 
America. There is no limit on the amount of the value of assets of the Issuer or its Material Subsidiaries 
that may be used for such asset-backed financing or factoring financing. Accordingly, assets (including 
but not limited to vehicles, repurchase commitments and customer receivables) and earnings of the 
Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries may be used in an unlimited amount as security for such kind of 
transactions, without equal and rateable security being granted to the Holders. Any such transactions 
will reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks in Connection with the Negative Pledge and Borrowings not Classified as Capital Market 
Indebtedness 
Any borrowings that do not meet the definition of Capital Market Indebtedness (including, but not limited 
to, bank loans) contained in the Conditions are excluded from the Negative Pledge. Therefore, in any of 
these cases the Issuer is under no obligation to grant the Holders an equal and rateable security. Such 
transactions may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
Liquidity Risks 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides that 
Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no 
assurance that a liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will 
continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared 
to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid 
market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility 
to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Holders May Face Foreign Exchange Risks 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by 
central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding 
change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in 
accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro 
correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made 
thereunder expressed in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, Holders 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Payments under the Notes May be Subject to Withholding Tax pursuant to FATCA 
While the Notes are in global form and held within a clearing system in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is not expected that Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
Treasury Regulations (provisions commonly referred to as "FATCA", including measures to implement 
such provisions) will affect the amount of any payment received by the clearing system. However, FATCA 
may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain leading to 
the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding, i.e. withholding of U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. It also may affect payment to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of 
withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or 
intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other documentation or 
consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors 
should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or 
other laws or agreements related to FATCA, including any intergovernmental agreements relating to 
FATCA and related implementing legislation or regulations, if applicable), and provide each custodian 
or intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for 
such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult 
their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal 
or other payments on the Notes as a result of FATCA, neither the Issuer, nor any paying agent or any 
other person would, pursuant to the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected. 
2.  
Risks Relating to the Structure of Certain Types of Notes to be Issued under the 
 
Programme 
Holders Are Exposed to Market Price Risks in Relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Notes. Therefore, any Holder is exposed to the risk of 
an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the Holder sells its 
Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity 
the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes Are Exposed to the Risk that the Price of Such Notes Falls as a 
Result of Changes in the Market Interest Rate 
The Holder of a Fixed Rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of 
changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the "Market Interest Rate") for comparable 
debt securities of the same maturity. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, is fixed during the life of such Notes, the market interest rate typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of 
comparable debt instruments. If the Market Interest Rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically 
increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable 
issues. Potential purchasers of Fixed Rate Notes should be aware that movements of the Market Interest 
Rate could adversely affect the market price of the Notes. If, however, Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold 
such Notes until maturity, price declines of the Notes due to changes in the Market Interest Rate are 
without relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, 
usually the principal amount of such Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes Are Exposed to the Risk of Fluctuating Interest Rate Levels 
Floating Rate Notes pay a variable amount of interest based on a reference interest rate on specified 
interest payment dates. Floating Rate Notes tend to be volatile instruments. Holders of Floating Rate 
Notes are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating 
interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication 
of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may be structured to include caps and/or floors. In such case, their market value 
may be more volatile than the market value for Floating Rate Notes that do not include these features.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined 
cap, so that Holders will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. 
The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Specific Risks Arise in Case Floating Rate Notes Are Linked to EURIBOR or Another Benchmark 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks, (including the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates and indices) are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 596/2014 
(as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed), and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), unless 
such benchmark administrators are exempt from the application of the Benchmarks Regulation, such 
as, for example, central banks and certain public authorities. 
The Benchmarks Regulation, as far as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
or referencing EURIBOR or any other benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
EURIBOR or such other benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. The new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and 
revision. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently. Further 
such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of EURIBOR or such other benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Separate workstreams were commenced in Europe to reform EURIBOR by using a hybrid methodology 
and to provide a fall-back by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate 
as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro 
risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate. The ECB 
commenced publishing €STR on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free 
rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fall-back provisions in new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to 
reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. The 
recommendations provided thus far have been complemented by additional ones issued on 11 May 
2021. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, certain benchmarks will continue 
to be supported going forward. This may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than they have 
done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have 
the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmarks, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing any benchmark.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The Conditions provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Rate Replacement Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) in respect of a benchmark, which is used to determine the Reference 
(Interest) Rate (as defined in the Conditions) applicable to Notes with a floating rate of interest, occurs, 
including if (1) a benchmark ceases to be published for a period of at least ten business days prior to 
and including the relevant Determination Day (as defined in the Conditions), (2) public announcements 
are made by the administrator of a benchmark that such benchmark is no longer representative, or will 
no longer be representative, of the underlying market it purports to measure as of a certain date, and 
that such representativeness will not be restored, (3) public announcements are made by, inter alia, 
administrators, supervisors of administrators, the central bank for the specified currency and/or any 
entity with insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of a benchmark that, inter alia, (i) the 
publication of such benchmark will cease permanently or indefinitely, (ii) such benchmark has been or 
will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued, (iii) such benchmark will permanently or indefinitely 
cease to be provided by its administrator, (iv) such benchmark will be prohibited from being used, or 
(v) that a material change of the methodology of calculation of such benchmark has occurred or will 
occur. 
As outlined in (2) above, the rate of interest on Notes linked to or referencing any benchmark may cease 
to be determined by reference to the original benchmark which is used to determine the rate of interest 
applicable to those Notes, and instead be determined by reference to the Replacement Rate, even if 
the original benchmark continues to be published. Such rate may be lower than the original benchmark 
rate for so long as that benchmark continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Notes 
may be adversely affected. 
Such fall-back arrangements include the possibility that the Reference Interest Rate could be 
determined by reference to a Replacement Rate (as defined in the Conditions), with or without the 
application of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions) and may include adjustments to the 
Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the Replacement Rate, all as determined by an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) or the Issuer (as the case may be). An Adjustment 
Spread, if applied, may be positive or negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer and 
Holders arising as a result of the replacement of a Reference (Interest) Rate. However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such 
Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to the Holders. The 
use of a Replacement Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would if such benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Rate Replacement Event, no Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Replacement Rate Adjustments can be determined, the ultimate fall-back for the purposes of calculation 
of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period will result in the Reference (Interest) Rate for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the same rate of interest being applied to 
the Notes until their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of 
interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, the Conditions may also allow the 
Issuer to make use of an early termination right available to it in these circumstances (in which case the 
risks described in the subsection entitled "Holders Are Exposed to the Risk of Early Redemption of the 
Notes" below apply). Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Replacement Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is 
a risk that the relevant fall-back provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, if the Rate of Interest payable under any Notes referencing or linked to a benchmark 
cannot be determined due to any reason other than a Rate Replacement Event certain fall-back 
provisions will apply with regard to interest determination. The application of these fall-back provisions 
could result in the same rate of interest being applied to the Notes until their maturity, effectively turning 
the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate 
of interest. 
Finally, under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission was also granted 
powers to designate a replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in certain contracts and 
financial instruments where those contracts and financial instruments do not already contain suitable

--- Page 32 ---
32 
fallback provisions. There can be no assurance that the fallback provisions of any Notes would be 
considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that Notes linked to a benchmark would be transitioned 
to a replacement benchmark selected by the European Commission. There is no certainty at this stage 
what any such replacement benchmark would be. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or the reforms mentioned above in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing any benchmark. 
Holders Are Exposed to the Risk of Early Redemption of the Notes by the Issuer 
The Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Conditions. In 
addition, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (i) (optional call right) on one or several dates, (ii) if the relevant early redemption date does not 
fall earlier than 60 days (Two Months Par Call) or 90 days (Three Months Par Call) prior to the Maturity 
Date, or (iii) if 80 per cent. (or more) of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been redeemed. 
In addition, the Issuer may be entitled to terminate any Floating Rate Notes to be issued under the 
Programme if a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments 
cannot be determined following a Rate Replacement Event, if so set out in the Conditions. 
An optional call right is likely to limit the market value of the relevant Notes. Prior to or during any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an 
early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption 
his investment will have a lower yield than expected or even a negative yield, depending on the price at 
which such Holder purchased its Notes. In addition, the Holders may have to reinvest the funds they 
receive upon early redemption on less favourable conditions as compared to the original investment. 
The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
capital market has fallen and the Issuer's cost of any new borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
payable under the relevant Notes. In such case, an investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. It should be noted that the Issuer may exercise any 
optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on the date of early redemption. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time when they 
are deciding whether to invest in the Notes. 
Risks Associated with a Change of Control 
The Conditions may grant the Holders a right to require the Issuer to redeem the Notes early in case of 
a change of control, i.e. in case any person or persons acting in concert acquire more than 30 per cent. 
of the voting rights in the Issuer. However, the Holders have no right to require the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes early in case affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer, Erich Sixt, relatives in direct line of Erich Sixt, 
his wife or the spouses of the relatives of Erich Sixt in direct line, a Sixt family trust (Familienstiftung) 
and/or any company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, organisation, fund or 
other association controlled by any of the aforementioned persons, acquire more than 30 per cent. of 
the voting rights in the Issuer. 
While the right of early redemption allows Holders to disengage from their investment in the Notes, they 
will be exposed to the risk that – if they exercise their right to demand early redemption – their investment 
has a lower than expected yield or even a negative yield, depending on the price at which such Holder 
purchased its Notes. In addition, Holders may only be able to reinvest the amount received from the 
Issuer upon such early redemption on less favourable conditions as compared to the original investment. 
For Holders who do not exercise their right to demand early redemption upon the occurrence of such 
an early redemption event, payments made to other Holders and other creditors as a result of such 
event might increase the risks relating to the Issuer, in particular, with respect to the Issuer's liquidity

--- Page 33 ---
33 
and funding risks. Furthermore, it should be noted that the risk with respect to the Issuer's liquidity will 
increase if all Holders exercise their right to demand early redemption upon the occurrence of a change 
of control. 
Due to the definition of Change of Control used in the Conditions, there is the risk that an early 
redemption under other financing instruments (including loans or other capital market instruments) with 
deviating definitions issued or agreed by the Issuer occurs or is possible whereas the Holders might not 
have a right of early redemption under the Conditions. This may result in the amount recoverable by the 
Holders in case of winding-up or insolvency of the Issuer being reduced and hence increase the risk of 
the Holders to suffer losses on their investment in the Notes. 
Risks in Connection with Majority Requirements to Trigger Termination Rights in Case of Events 
of Default 
§ 9 (4) of the Conditions provides that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding, unless certain other events of default have occurred. Under the German Act on Issues of 
Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen), even if a default notice 
is given by a sufficient number of Holders, this could be rescinded by majority resolution within three 
months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such 
acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered 
default notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the 
occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices 
and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders. 
A Holder is Subject to the Risk of Being Outvoted by a Majority Resolution of the Holders  
If the Notes provide for resolutions of Holders, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a 
majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution properly adopted is binding on all Holders, 
certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the relevant Conditions may be amended or 
reduced or even cancelled. 
The Appointment of a Holders' Representative May Restrict a Holder's Right to Pursue and 
Enforce its Rights under the Conditions 
If the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, it is possible that a Holder may 
be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the relevant Conditions against 
the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' Representative, who is then exclusively responsible to 
claim and enforce the rights of all Holders. 
3.  
Risks Associated with Green Bonds 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes (the "Green Bonds") specifically for projects 
and activities that promote environmental purposes (the "Green Projects") in accordance with a 
framework (the "Green Finance Framework") which further specifies the eligibility criteria for such 
Green Projects. The Issuer will have established the Green Finance Framework prior to the first issue 
of any Green Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, such Green Finance Framework is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. The Green Finance Framework may 
be amended from time to time; however, the Issuer is under no obligation to revise or update the Green 
Finance Framework, in particular not to keep the information contained therein current. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and in the Green 
Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any projects or 
uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market 
consensus as to what constitutes, or may be classified as, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project is currently under development. In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues 
to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, 
guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any projects or uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet 
any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses which are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. Also, 
the criteria for what constitutes a Green Project may be changed from time to time. 
For example, at the European level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and 
amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, (the "Taxonomy Regulation") establishes the criteria for 
determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of 
environmentally sustainable investments. The Taxonomy Regulation entered into force on 12 July 2020 
and applies in whole as of 1 January 2023. The Taxonomy Regulation empowers the European 
Commission to adopt delegated acts and to establish technical screening criteria to specify the 
requirements set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 29 December 2021, Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 (the "Climate Delegated Act") as the first delegated act on sustainable 
activities for climate change mitigation and adaptation entered into force. Inter alia, it establishes the 
technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as 
contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation. The Climate 
Delegated Act was amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 as regards 
economic activities in in the fossil gas and nuclear energy sectors. 
Furthermore, on 6 July 2021, the European Commission published a proposal for a Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on European green bonds that intends to create a voluntary 
standard for bonds financing sustainable investment (the "European Green Bond Standard"). The 
proposed regulation lays down uniform requirements for issuers of bonds that wish to use the 
designation "European green bond" or "EuGB" for their environmentally sustainable bonds. The 
proposed European Green Bond Standard will use the definitions set out in the Taxonomy Regulation 
and the delegated acts to define what is considered to be a green investment. During the legislative 
procedure, substantive amendments to the proposal of the European Commission were suggested. The 
European Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs proposed, inter alia, increasing 
disclosure obligations, the introduction of a civil liability concept for infringements of the European Green 
Bond Standard's main provisions and stronger supervision and sanctions in case of non-compliance. 
The European Commission, the European Council and the European Parliament entered into trilogue 
negotiations and reached a provisional agreement on 28 February 2023. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the text of such compromise is not yet available. The European Parliament and the 
European Council still have to formally adopt the agreed text. Accordingly, the Green Bonds of the Issuer 
may not be eligible to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB". The Issuer is under no 
obligation to take steps to have any Green Bonds become eligible for such designation. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which 
may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any 
projects or activities to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria (the "Evaluation"). 
Any such Evaluation may not address risks that may affect the value of Green Bonds or any relevant 
projects and activities to be (re)financed. For the avoidance of doubt, any such Evaluation is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Such Evaluation provides 
an opinion on certain environmental or related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of an investment in Green Bonds including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability for any investor. Such Evaluation is a statement of

--- Page 35 ---
35 
opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Evaluation is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. Any such 
Evaluation is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended 
or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any time. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such Evaluation and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Holders of Green Bonds will have no recourse against the provider(s) of any Evaluation. 
In the event that any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own bylaws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds for 
the Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner as described in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Green Finance Framework, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) which are 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected by the Issuer and that accordingly 
such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects. In particular, if the Sixt Group 
was to define investments in battery electric vehicles or plug-in hybrid vehicles as Green Projects, the 
Sixt Group would be dependent on the availability of such vehicles at economic terms. Any such event 
or failure by the Issuer or any failure by the Issuer to provide any reporting or obtain any opinion will not 
constitute an event of default under any Green Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for any Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any Evaluation or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other securities which are intended to finance Green 
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
4.  
Other Related Risks 
A Rating of Notes May not Adequately Reflect All Risks of the Investment in Such Notes 
At the date of this Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of the outstanding bonds issued by Sixt SE 
has received a solicited rating from any independent credit rating agency. However, one or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, 
(the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU

--- Page 36 ---
36 
credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency 
rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In addition, United Kingdom regulated investors are, in general, restricted under the CRA Regulation as 
it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "United Kingdom CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, 
unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a United Kingdom 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-United Kingdom registered credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the United Kingdom CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Risks in Connection with the Amount of Financial Indebtedness which the Issuer or Any of its 
Subsidiaries May Incur in Future 
There is no restriction on the amount of financial indebtedness which the Issuer or its subsidiaries may 
incur. Such further debt may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and may increase the likelihood that the Issuer defers 
payments of principal or interest under the Notes. 
Risk of Structural Subordination 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be guaranteed or secured by any of the 
subsidiaries of the Issuer. In the event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, 
administration, reorganisation, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the 
Issuer, such subsidiaries will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of third-party debt which 
such subsidiaries may have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to 
the Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Furthermore, while the Notes are unsecured, the Issuer is entitled to provide security for its financial or 
other indebtedness except for capital market indebtedness (subject to certain exceptions set out in the 
Conditions). Such transactions may reduce the amount recoverable by the Holders upon winding-up or 
insolvency of the Issuer. See also the subsection below entitled "Risks in Connection with Negative 
Pledge and Borrowings not Classified as Capital Market Indebtedness". 
Risks in Connection with a Decrease of the Creditworthiness of the Issuer 
If, for example, because of the materialisation of any of the risks regarding the Issuer or the Group, the 
Issuer is less likely to be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, 
the market value of the Notes may suffer. In addition, even if the Issuer is not actually less likely to be 
in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when they fall due, market participants could 
nevertheless have a different perception. In addition, the market participants' estimation of the 
creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or debtors operating in the same business areas as the 
Group could adversely change. If any of these risks occurs, third parties would only be willing to 
purchase Notes for a lower price than before the materialisation of the relevant risk. Under these 
circumstances, the market value of the Notes would decrease.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
A decrease of creditworthiness of the Issuer may also be related to changes in accounting standards. 
New or changed accounting standards may lead to adjustments in the relevant accounting positions of 
the Sixt Group. This might lead to a different perception of the market regarding Sixt Group's 
creditworthiness. 
Holders Are Subject to General Taxation Risks as a Result of the Investment in the Notes  
Potential investors should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or those of other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider 
the specific situation of the potential investor. The aforementioned individual tax treatment of the Notes 
with regard to any potential investor may have an adverse impact on the return which any such potential 
investor may receive under the Notes. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offer May Conflict with 
Holders' Interests 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Sixt Group and 
in particular the Issuer in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Sixt Group and, in particular, 
the Issuer, including potentially the Notes. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Sixt Group routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Sixt Group consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Incurring Indebtedness to Finance an Investment in the Notes Significantly Increases the Risk 
of a Loss 
If a loan is used to finance the acquisition of the Notes by a Holder and the Notes subsequently go into 
default, or if the trading price of the Notes diminishes significantly, the Holder may not only have to face 
a potential loss on its investment, but it will also have to repay the loan and pay interest thereon. A loan 
may significantly increase the risk of a loss. Potential investors should not assume that they will be able 
to repay the loan or pay interest thereon from the profits of a transaction. Instead, potential investors 
should assess their financial situation prior to an investment, as to whether they are able to pay interest 
on the loan, repay the loan on demand, and that they may suffer losses instead of realising gains. 
An Investment in the Notes Exposes Holders to the Risk of Inflation 
Inflation is a decline in the purchasing power of money over time. Any asset or income stream that is 
denominated in money such as the market price of any Notes to be issued under the Programme or the 
interest to be paid on such Notes is potentially vulnerable to inflationary risk because the market price 
or the interest to be paid will lose value in direct proportion to the decline in the purchasing power of 
money. Therefore, an investment in the Notes is subject to inflationary risk because the money that is 
repaid upon redemption of the Notes may be worth significantly less than the money that was invested 
when the Notes were purchased.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Since the real yield from an investment is reduced by inflation, the higher the rate of inflation climbs, the 
lower the real yield on the Notes will turn out to be. If the inflation rate is equal to or higher than the 
nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative. 
In addition, an increase in inflation rates may result in a decline of the market price of the Notes. The 
risks resulting from a decline in the market price of the Notes are described in the subsection entitled 
"Holders Are Exposed to Market Price Risks in Relation to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes". 
Transaction Costs/Charges 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees, and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the purchase or sale price of the Notes. These incidental costs 
may significantly reduce or eliminate any profit from holding the Notes. Credit institutions as a rule 
charge commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions, depending 
on the order value. To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the 
execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Holders 
may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties 
(third party costs). In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of the Notes (direct costs), 
potential investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Potential 
investors should inform themselves about any additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, 
custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS 
The Final Terms will specify that either (i) none of the Dealers and/or financial intermediaries, or (ii) only 
one Dealer or financial intermediary or several Dealers and/or financial intermediaries named in the 
relevant Final Terms ("Individual Consent"), or (iii) each of the Dealers and/or each financial 
intermediary ("General Consent") subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is/are entitled to use this Prospectus for subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant 
Notes. 
In case the Issuer has given its Individual Consent or General Consent to the use of this Prospectus, 
the following shall apply: 
The Final Terms will specify that (in the case of the Issuer's Individual Consent) only one or several 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries named in the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of the Issuer's 
General Consent) each of the Dealers and/or each financial intermediary subsequently reselling or 
finally placing the Notes to be issued under the Programme is/are entitled to use this Prospectus in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany and/or the 
Netherlands (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the subsequent resale or final placement of 
the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) during 
which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that 
this Prospectus is still valid. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus 
also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes for which it has 
given its Individual Consent or General Consent. 
This Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639).  
In the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer can determine further conditions attached to its consent which 
are relevant for the use of this Prospectus. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to use 
this Prospectus at any time, which withdrawal will be communicated to the relevant Dealers and/or 
relevant financial intermediaries. 
When using this Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant financial intermediary must make certain that 
it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a financial intermediary the Dealer and/or 
the financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of 
the offer at the time of that offer. 
In case the Issuer has given its Individual Consent to the use of this Prospectus any new information 
with respect to any Dealers and/or financial intermediaries unknown at the time this Prospectus was 
approved or the relevant Final Terms were filed with the relevant competent authority/authorities will be 
published 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639).  
In case the Issuer has given its General Consent to the use of this Prospectus any Dealer and/or 
any financial intermediary using this Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses this 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer will agree on the terms and conditions of the Notes applicable to 
each particular Tranche of Notes. These Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of terms and 
conditions of the Notes set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Terms 
and Conditions") as completed by the relevant Final Terms as described below. 
Sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions shall apply to each type of Notes, as set out below. The Final 
Terms shall provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with Fixed Interest Rates; and 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with Floating Interest Rates. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions in any of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms may determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further options 
contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating 
the relevant provisions of, and completing the relevant placeholders set out in Option I or Option II 
in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone 
shall constitute the Conditions (the "Integrated Conditions"). The Integrated Conditions shall be 
attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of 
documentation of the Conditions will generally be used if the Notes shall be offered, in whole or in 
part, or initially distributed, in whole or in part, to retail investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms may determine whether Option I or Option II and whether certain further 
options contained in Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by making 
reference to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms and 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. The Final 
Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will 
generally be used if the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, at least EUR 100,000 
or, if in any currency other than euro, in an amount in such other currency equivalent to at least 
EUR 100,000 at the time of the issue of such Notes. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
As set out above, the Final Terms shall determine whether Option I or Option II shall be applicable to 
the individual issue of Notes. Each set of Terms and Conditions constituting Option I or Option II contains 
certain further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by 
square brackets which include the relevant items) which shall be determined by the Final Terms as 
follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer shall determine which options shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by making reference in the Final Terms to the 
relevant sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. If the Final Terms do not replicate or make 
reference to an alternative or optional provision (as set out in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions) 
such provision shall be deemed to have been deleted from the relevant set of Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall specify the information completing the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions, the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text set out in the Final Terms shall be 
deemed to have been deleted from the relevant set of Terms and Conditions. 
Binding Language 
The sets of Terms and Conditions have been prepared in the German and English language. The 
Conditions may be prepared (i) in the German language with an English language translation (in which 
case the German language version shall be binding), (ii) in the English language with a German 
language translation (in which case the English language version shall be binding), or (iii) in the English 
language only.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
Introduction 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") are set forth below in 
two options: 
 
 
Option I comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed 
interest rates. 
 
 
Option II comprises the set of Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with 
floating interest rates. 
 
 
Each set of Conditions contains certain further options, which are characterised 
through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square 
brackets within the set of Conditions. 
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine whether Option I or Option II (including 
further options contained in these options, respectively) shall apply with respect to 
an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions of this 
option or by referring to the relevant provisions of this option. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of this Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge 
of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus 
contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include the relevant items 
that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In case the Final 
Terms applicable 
to an individual 
issue only refer 
to the further 
options 
contained in 
Option I or 
Option II the 
following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the 
provisions of these Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of the Final 
Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from these 
Conditions; and all provisions of these Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) 
shall be deemed to be deleted from these Conditions, as required to give effect to 
the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free of 
charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the registered office of the 
Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on any stock 
exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders of 
such Notes.]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with Fixed 
Interest Rates 
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Sixt SE (the "Issuer") 
are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. Any 
claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be represented by the 
relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)) of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to 
the extent that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered 
to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this § 1 (3) (b). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the 
United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District of 
Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In case of 
more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] [(CBL 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in 
such capacity. 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds 
for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon 
any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
On an exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the ICSDs.] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the real-time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (or any successor system) ("T2") is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present 
and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. (a) The Issuer undertakes, as long as Notes are outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts payable have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, 
 
 
(i) 
not to secure any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any 
guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any real 
property lien, pledge of movable assets, other pledge or any other in rem 
encumbrances (such real property lien, pledge of movable assets, other 
pledge or any other in rem encumbrances, the "Encumbrances") of all or any 
part of its present or future assets and not to permit any such Encumbrances 
to subsist as security, and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(ii) 
to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no Material Subsidiary secures 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees 
or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any Encumbrances of all 
or any part of its present or future assets or permits any such Encumbrances 
to subsist, 
 
 
without in each case at the same time, or before, having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such Encumbrances as security for their claims under the Notes. 
 
 
(b) The restrictions of § 2 (2) (a) shall not apply to Encumbrances (i) which were 
created or will be created due to mandatory provisions of law or which were 
created or will be created in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits, or (ii) which were created or will be created in 
connection with asset-backed financings or factoring financings, or (iii) which 
exist on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Encumbrance was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such 
acquisition and that the amount secured by such Encumbrances is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant asset, or (iv) which 
serve the purposes of a renewal, extension or replacement of any 
Encumbrance pursuant to the foregoing (i) through (iii), or (v) securing claims 
under Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees or other 
indemnities assumed in respect thereof up to an aggregate amount of 
EUR 10,000,000. 
 
 
(c)  "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any existing or future obligation 
relating to borrowed money (no matter whether principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
securities which are or may be listed or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised 
securities 
exchange, 
and 
certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheine) or Schuldschein loans. 
 
 
"Material Subsidiaries" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) of which the 
Issuer directly or indirectly holds more than 50 per cent. of the capital or voting 
rights, and (ii) (a) whose net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) according to its most 
recent unconsolidated annual financial statements (prepared in accordance 
with GAAP, but without taking into account any net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) 
generated with affiliates) that have been used for the Issuer's latest audited 
consolidated financial statements represents at least 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) of the Issuer according to its most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) or (b) whose total 
assets (Bilanzsumme) according to its most recent unconsolidated annual 
financial statements (prepared in accordance with GAAP after eliminating 
interests in Subsidiaries and receivables from affiliated companies) that have 
been used for the Issuer's latest audited consolidated financial statements 
represent at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets (Bilanzsumme) 
of the Issuer according to its most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements (IFRS). 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: If Subsidiaries do not prepare separate 
unconsolidated financial statements but are only included in subgroup 
financial statements (Teilkonzernabschluss), the net turnover (but without 
taking into account any net turnover generated from business with affiliated 
companies) or the total assets (not taking into account interests in or claims 
against Subsidiaries) shown in the subgroup financial statements exceeding 
the thresholds indicated in lit. (ii) (a) or (b) above in this definition of “Material 
Subsidiaries”, are to be attributed to each Subsidiary included in the relevant 
subgroup financial statements. To the extent revenue with respect to the sale 
of vehicles is, in accordance with IFRS, not recognised as net turnover in the 
audited consolidated financial statements, revenue with respect to the sale of 
vehicles shall also be eliminated as net turnover in the respective 
unconsolidated annual financial statements and/or subgroup financial

--- Page 46 ---
46 
statements. 
 
 
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in Germany 
(including IFRS) and in relation to a Material Subsidiary, the generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the relevant Material Subsidiary (including IFRS). 
 
 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity which is a direct or indirect subsidiary of the 
Issuer within the meaning of section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) and which is fully consolidated in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert Rate of Interest] 
per cent. per annum (the "Rate of Interest") from, and including, [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Issue Date" or the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)). Interest shall be 
payable [In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following 
applies: [semi-annually] [annually]] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [In case there are Interest Payment Dates in more than one year the 
following applies: in each year] ([In case there is more than one Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: each such date, an] [In case there is only 
one Interest Payment Date the following applies: the] "Interest Payment 
Date"). [In case there is more than one Interest Payment Date the following 
applies: The first payment of interest shall be made on [insert first Interest 
Payment Date] and the last payment of interest shall be made on [insert last 
Interest Payment Date].] On [In case there is more than one Interest Payment 
Date the following applies: each] [In case there is only one Interest Payment 
Date the following applies: the] Interest Payment Date [In case of a short or 
long first Interest Period the following applies: other than the Interest Payment 
Date falling on [insert first Interest Payment Date] (the "First Interest Payment 
Date")] [In case of a short or long last Interest Period the following applies: 
[and] other than the Interest Payment Date falling on [insert last Interest Payment 
Date] (the "Last Interest Payment Date")] interest in the amount of [insert 
amount of interest per Note in the Specified Denomination] will be paid per 
Note in the Specified Denomination. [In case of a short or long first Interest 
Period the following applies: On the First Interest Payment Date an initial broken 
amount of interest in the amount of [insert initial broken amount of interest per 
Note on the First Interest Payment Date] will be paid per Note in the Specified 
Denomination.] [In case of a short or long last Interest Period the following 
applies: On the Last Interest Payment Date a final broken amount of interest in the 
amount of [insert final broken amount of interest per Note on the Last Interest 
Payment Date] will be paid per Note in the Specified Denomination.] Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set out 
in § 4 (4). 
 
 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and 
including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
(3) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Notes is required to be calculated for any period of time (other than in respect of 
the amount[s] of interest set out in § 3 (1)), such amount of interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half 
of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention. 
 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period") 
In case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA), the 
following applies 
 
[1. if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
2. if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
 
(1) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified below) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
 
(2) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified below) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from, and including, a Determination 
Date to, but excluding, the next Determination Date (including, where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the 
first Determination Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and where the 
final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the first Determination 
Date falling after the final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
 
The number of determination dates per calendar year (each a "Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year] 
(each [insert date]).] 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the 
first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not

--- Page 48 ---
48 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon presentation 
and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as defined 
below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day (Following Business 
Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on 
which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres]] 
[[and] [in case T2 has already been defined the following applies: T2] [in case 
T2 has not already been defined the following applies: the real-time gross

--- Page 49 ---
49 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor system) ("T2")] 
is open for the settlement of payments in Euro]]. 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In case of Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described 
above), the amount of interest shall be adjusted accordingly.] 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention the following applies: brought forward] [In case of Following 
Business Day Convention the following applies: postponed] (as described 
above), the amount of interest shall not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on [Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are redeemed at 
their principal amount the following applies: its principal amount] [otherwise 
insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Specified 
Denomination, which shall not be less than the principal amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
 
 
(a) Upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (c), if as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic 
of Germany (or in the event of the Issuer becoming subject to another tax 
jurisdiction pursuant to § 7 (3), the laws or regulations of such other tax 
jurisdiction) affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or 
any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of 
such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
judgment of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, at any time (subject to the 
provisions set out in subparagraph (b)) upon not less than 30 days' nor more 
than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, on any date 
specified by it (the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), at the Final Redemption 
Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the Tax Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
(b) However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes was then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
 
(c) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iii) a statement summarising the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: (except for 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole or in 
part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set 
forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the 
[relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] days' 
nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, such partial redemption shall be 
effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of

--- Page 51 ---
51 
CBL and Euroclear.]] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: (except for 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but 
not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date ([In 
case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call)" means the period from (and 
including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: three] months before the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par 
Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on which the 
redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes 
are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call)").]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or purchased by any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes [in case Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the 
following applies: (except for any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of the option to require the redemption of such 
Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but not in part, on the Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes) at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
of the Notes). 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the 
Holders may 
demand the early 
redemption of 
their Notes in 
case of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, each Holder shall have the 
right to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes in whole or in part at their Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date (the "Put Redemption Option"). Such Put 
Redemption Option shall operate as set out in subparagraphs (b) to (c). In the 
event of the exercise of the Put Redemption Option, the Issuer shall have the 
right, at the Issuer's option, instead of redeeming all or any of the relevant 
Notes to purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or any of the relevant Notes 
each at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date within three days from the 
expiration of the Put Redemption Period. 
 
A "Change of Control" means the case that any Person or Persons acting in 
concert within the meaning of section 34 (2) of the German Securities Trading 
Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz; "WpHG") acquires or acquire Control of the 
Issuer after the Issue Date. 
 
 
"Control" means direct or indirect (within the meaning of section 34 WpHG) 
legal or beneficial ownership of ordinary shares carrying, in the aggregate, 
more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, undertaking, association, organisation, fund, state or agency of a 
state, in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity, but excluding 
(i) affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer within the meaning of sections 15 
through 18 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz; "AktG"), (ii) 
Erich Sixt, (iii) his relatives in direct line, (iv) his wife or the spouses of his 
relatives in direct line, (v) a Sixt family trust (Familienstiftung) and/or (vi) any 
company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
organisation, fund or other association, in each case whether or not being a 
separate legal entity, controlled by any of the persons referred to in (ii) to (v) 
within the meaning of sections 15 through 18 AktG.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after 
becoming aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control (a "Change of 
Control Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § [13], specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Redemption Option contained in this § 5 ([6]) (including the information 
relating to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent for purposes of 
subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) To exercise the Put Redemption Option, the Holder must deliver on any 
Business Day within the Put Redemption Period (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put Redemption Notice") 
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Holder wishes to exercise its Put Redemption Option by transferring such 
Notes to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Note(s) on the day which falls seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Redemption Period (the "Put Redemption Date") unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the customary procedures through 
the Clearing System. A Put Redemption Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
 
"Put Redemption Period" means (x) a period of 30 days after the Change of 
Control Notice was published, provided that no Interest Payment Date occurs 
within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice was published, 
and (y) if an Interest Payment Date occurs within the period of 30 days after 
the Change of Control Notice was published, a period of 30 days after such 
Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [AND THE PAYING AGENT[S]] 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office[s]. The initial Fiscal Agent [and the initial Paying 
Agent[s]] and [its] [their] initial specified office[s] shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[In case the Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying agent the following applies: 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent.] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [and the Paying Agent[s]] reserve[s] the right at any time to 
change [its] [their] specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same 
city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent[s]] and to appoint another fiscal agent [or another [or additional] paying 
agent[s]]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes 
listed on a stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on the [insert name of relevant stock exchange], a paying agent 
(which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [insert location of 
relevant stock exchange or country in which the relevant stock exchange is 
located] and/or in such other places as may be required by any applicable rules] 
[In case of payments in U.S. Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] ([iii]) if 
payments at or through the offices of all paying agents outside the United States 
(as defined in § 1) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt 
of such amounts in United States Dollars, and provided further, such payment is 
then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer, a paying agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders at any variation, 
termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible upon the 
effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment and such other change.  
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [[,] [and] the Paying Agent[s]] act[s] 
solely as agent[s] of the Issuer and [does] [do] not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the paying agent[s] and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, 
no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments Without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (hereinafter together "Withholding Taxes"), unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
(2) Payment of Additional Amounts. If any withholding or deduction with respect to 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") of principal and interest as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been received by the Holders in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction. No such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes 
or duties: 
 
 
(a) which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent 
on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
to be made by it, or 
 
 
(b) which are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, personal or 
business connections with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely 
by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes 
of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) which are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the 
payment could have been made by another paying agent without such 
withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(d) which must be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any EU Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or

--- Page 55 ---
55 
understanding, or 
 
 
(e) where a Holder or a third party acting on behalf of a Holder could have lawfully 
avoided (but has not so avoided) such withholding or deduction by complying 
or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with any statutory 
requirements (in particular, the applicable information and reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder) 
or by making or procuring that any such third party makes a declaration of 
non-residence, or by making any other claim for exemption to any tax 
authority; or 
 
 
(f) 
which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective later 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due 
or, if this takes place later, is duly provided for and notice thereof is published 
in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied in the 
Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date 
at 
the 
level 
of 
the 
custodian 
bank 
plus 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, do not constitute a tax or duty as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
In case that due to a change in law the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied 
in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue 
Date at the level of the custodian bank plus the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, have to be levied at the level of the 
Issuer in future, these, too, do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in 
respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
 
 
(3) Other Tax Jurisdiction. If at any time the Issuer becomes subject to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, the currently relevant taxing jurisdiction of 
the Issuer, references in this § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be read 
and construed as references to the jurisdiction then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
to such other jurisdiction(s). 
 
 
(4) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable 
under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for the 
payment of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any 
associated regulations or other official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any 
treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other country which 
facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the "Foreign Provisions"); 
(c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other 
country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (an 
"Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement regarding the 
implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. 
Provisions, Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). 
The Issuer will not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or 
on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary in 
compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in section 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. If an Event of Default occurs after the Issue Date, each Holder 
shall be entitled (subject to the provisions of § 9 (3) and § 9 (4)) to declare due and 
payable, by submitting a notice pursuant to § 9 (2), its claims arising from the Notes 
and demand immediate redemption at the principal amount thereof together with 
any unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of actual redemption. Each 
of the following is an "Event of Default":  
 
 
(i) 
The Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days after a 
payment in respect of the Notes is due. 
 
 
(ii) 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder. 
 
 
(iii) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil one or more payment 
obligations to a third party (which is not a member of the group) in an 
aggregate amount of more than Euro 25,000,000, arising from (i) any 
Financial Indebtedness, or (ii) a guarantee or surety provided in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness of a third party, within 30 days after its due date or, in 
the event of a surety or guarantee, within 30 days after claims have been 
asserted under such surety or guarantee in writing, or such Financial 
Indebtedness is accelerated in a corresponding amount due to the occurrence 
of an event of default and not paid within five Business Days after its due date. 
 
 
(iv) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts when due 
(zahlungsunfähig) (within the meaning of section 17 of the German Insolvency 
Code (the "InsO")) or over-indebted (überschuldet) (within the meaning of 
section 19 InsO) (or in a corresponding condition under the laws of the 
relevant applicable jurisdiction other than Germany) or ceases to make 
payments in general or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary files a petition 
for the opening of insolvency proceedings for the reasons stated in 
sections 17 through 19 InsO (or equivalent proceedings under the laws of the 
relevant applicable jurisdiction other than Germany) or the competent court 
takes one of the measures provided for in section 21 InsO (or equivalent 
measures under the laws of the relevant applicable jurisdiction other than 
Germany) or insolvency proceedings are opened over the assets of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary. 
 
 
(v) 
The Issuer goes into liquidation, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger or another form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganisation and such other or new company assumes essentially all 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer, including all obligations assumed by the 
Issuer in connection with these Notes. 
 
 
(vi) The Issuer ceases all of its business operations. 
 
 
(vii) The Issuer sells all of its assets or a substantial part thereof outside the 
ordinary course of business to a third party (which is not a member of the 
group) in a single transaction or in a series of transactions which are related, 
as a result of which (x) the value of its assets (at a group level) is considerably 
diminished and (y) it becomes likely that the Issuer will no longer be able to 
fulfil its payment obligations under the Notes to the Holders. 
 
 
(viii) In the case of a substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1) any 
of the events set forth in subparagraphs (iii) to (vii) above occurs in respect of

--- Page 57 ---
57 
the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" within the meaning of this § 9 (1) means any payment 
obligation arising from (i) a Capital Market Indebtedness, (ii) monies borrowed on 
the basis of loans, or (iii) borrowings provided by a credit institution. 
 
 
(2) Notices Declaring Notes Due and other Notices. A notice declaring Notes due 
or other notices pursuant to this § 9 are irrevocable and must be made in 
accordance with § [13] ([⚫]). 
 
 
(3) Cure. The right to declare Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate 
if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in § 9 (1) (i) or § 9 (1) (iv) to § 9 (1) (vi) has occurred, become 
effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received such notices declaring Notes due 
from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding in total. In the case of a substitution of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 10 (1), the provisions of this § 9 (4) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis where any of the events set forth in § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii) occurs 
in respect of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall without the consent of the Holders be entitled at 
any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company of which more than 90 per 
cent. of the shares carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the 
Issuer, as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection 
with the Notes (the "Substitute Issuer"), provided that: 
 
 
(i) 
the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Substitute Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties to be withheld at source and to transfer the amounts which are required 
therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all 
necessary authorisations to this effect by any authority of its country have 
been obtained, and 
 
 
(iii) the Substitute Issuer undertakes to reimburse each Holder for all taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon a Holder as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligation by the Substitute Issuer and which the 
Holders would not have to bear without the substitution of the Issuer, and 
 
 
(iv) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations so to be 
assumed by the Substitute Issuer, and 
 
 
(v) 
there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) to (iv) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice of Substitution. Any such substitution shall be notified in accordance with 
§ [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute 
Issuer and any reference in § 5 (2) and § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for

--- Page 58 ---
58 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) and § 7 (2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic 
of Germany shall be deemed to have been included (in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer); and 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) and § 9 (1) (iii) to (vii) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included (in addition 
to the reference to the Substitute Issuer). 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das 
"SchVG")) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in § 11 (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding 
on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in section 5 (3) SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not 
material require a simple majority of the votes cast. The voting right for any Notes 
is suspended as long as any such Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of section 271 (2) German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for 
such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of section 18 (4) sentence 
2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The liability 
of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant 
to the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all 
respects (except for, as applicable, the issue date, interest commencement date, 
first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation.  
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the Notes shall also be published in electronic form 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the 
date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to § [13] (1) is not required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media 
set forth in § [13] (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day following the date on which 
such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the 
seventh day following the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing 
System.]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
following applies 
 
 
([⚫]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered or 
transmitted in text form (Textform) in the German or English language to the Issuer 
or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer). The Holder shall provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may 
be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing System or the Custodian (as 
defined below) with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, the Holder of the 
relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate manner. 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In 
case the provisions of the SchVG shall apply, the following applies: , subject 
to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), 
and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under these Notes 
also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. The 
English language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. The German 
language translation shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions of the Notes that Apply to Notes with 
Floating Interest Rates  
 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. These Notes (the "Notes") of Sixt SE (the "Issuer") 
are being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount [In case the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 
(2) Form. The Notes are in bearer form and represented by one or more global 
notes (each a "Global Note"). 
 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange for Permanent Global Note. 
 
 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the 
"Temporary Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. Any 
claim for interest payments under the Notes shall be represented by the 
relevant Global Note. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
coupons will not be issued. 
 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note in the form and subject to the conditions provided in subparagraph (a) 
above on a date not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)) of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made to 
the extent that certifications as required by U.S. tax law have been delivered 
to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by 
the Temporary Global Note is (are) not (a) U.S. person(s) (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global 
Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after the Issue Date of the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to this § 1 (3) (b). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of 
the United States. For the purposes of these Conditions, "United States" 
means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note representing the Notes will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [In 
case of more than one Clearing System the following applies: each of] the 
following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear")] 
[(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and any 
successor in such capacity.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is an 
NGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds 
for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon 
any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded 
in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the total principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
On an exchange of a part of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the ICSDs.] 
In case of Notes 
kept in custody 
on behalf of the 
ICSDs and the 
global note is a 
CGN the 
following applies 
 
[The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 
(5) Holder. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes which may be transferred to a new Holder 
in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
 
 
(6) Business Day. In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in [insert all relevant financial centres] settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits)] [[and] the real-time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (or any successor system) ("T2") is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS AND NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other present 
and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations which are preferred by mandatory provisions of law. 
 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. (a) The Issuer undertakes, as long as Notes are outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts payable have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, 
 
 
(i) 
not to secure any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any 
guarantees or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any real 
property lien, pledge of movable assets, other pledge or any other in rem 
encumbrances (such real property lien, pledge of movable assets, other

--- Page 64 ---
64 
pledge or any other in rem encumbrances, the "Encumbrances") of all or any 
part of its present or future assets and not to permit any such Encumbrances 
to subsist as security, and 
 
 
(ii) to the extent permitted by law, to procure that no Material Subsidiary secures 
any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees 
or other indemnities assumed in respect thereof by any Encumbrances of all 
or any part of its present or future assets or permits any such Encumbrances 
to subsist, 
 
 
without in each case at the same time, or before, having the Holders share equally 
and rateably in such Encumbrances as security for their claims under the Notes. 
 
 
(b) The restrictions of § 2 (2) (a) shall not apply to Encumbrances (i) which were 
created or will be created due to mandatory provisions of law or which were 
created or will be created in order to obtain administrative or governmental 
authorisations or permits, or (ii) which were created or will be created in 
connection with asset-backed financings or factoring financings, or (iii) which 
exist on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof, provided that such 
Encumbrance was not created in connection with or in contemplation of such 
acquisition and that the amount secured by such Encumbrances is not 
increased subsequently to the acquisition of the relevant asset, or (iv) which 
serve the purposes of a renewal, extension or replacement of any 
Encumbrance pursuant to the foregoing (i) through (iii), or (v) securing claims 
under Capital Market Indebtedness including any guarantees or other 
indemnities assumed in respect thereof up to an aggregate amount of 
EUR 10,000,000. 
 
 
(c) "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any existing or future obligation 
relating to borrowed money (no matter whether principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts) which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
securities which are or may be listed or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised 
securities 
exchange, 
and 
certificates 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheine) or Schuldschein loans. 
 
 
"Material Subsidiaries" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer (i) of which the 
Issuer directly or indirectly holds more than 50 per cent. of the capital or voting 
rights, and (ii) (a) whose net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) according to its most 
recent unconsolidated annual financial statements (prepared in accordance 
with GAAP, but without taking into account any net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) 
generated with affiliates) that have been used for the Issuer's latest audited 
consolidated financial statements represents at least 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated net turnover (Umsatzerlöse) of the Issuer according to its most 
recent audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) or (b) whose total 
assets (Bilanzsumme) according to its most recent unconsolidated annual 
financial statements (prepared in accordance with GAAP after eliminating 
interests in Subsidiaries and receivables from affiliated companies) that have 
been used for the Issuer's latest audited consolidated financial statements 
represent at least 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets (Bilanzsumme) 
of the Issuer according to its most recent audited consolidated financial 
statements (IFRS). 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt: If Subsidiaries do not prepare separate 
unconsolidated financial statements but are only included in subgroup 
financial statements (Teilkonzernabschluss), the net turnover (but without 
taking into account any net turnover generated from business with affiliated 
companies) or the total assets (not taking into account interests in or claims 
against Subsidiaries) shown in the subgroup financial statements exceeding 
the thresholds indicated in lit. (ii) (a) or (b) above in this definition of “Material 
Subsidiaries”, are to be attributed to each Subsidiary included in the relevant 
subgroup financial statements. To the extent revenue with respect to the sale

--- Page 65 ---
65 
of vehicles is, in accordance with IFRS, not recognised as net turnover in the 
audited consolidated financial statements, revenue with respect to the sale of 
vehicles shall also be eliminated as net turnover in the respective 
unconsolidated annual financial statements and/or subgroup financial 
statements, 
 
 
"GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in Germany 
(including IFRS) and in relation to a Material Subsidiary, the generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the relevant Material Subsidiary (including IFRS). 
 
 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity which is a direct or indirect subsidiary of the 
Issuer within the meaning of section 17 of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) and which is fully consolidated in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer. 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, and including, [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Issue Date" or 
the "Interest Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5 (1)). Interest on the Notes shall be payable [quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually] in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (as defined below). 
 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Payment Dates 
the following 
applies 
 
[each [insert specified Interest Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date].] 
 
 
 
In case of 
specified Interest 
Periods the 
following applies 
 
[each date which (except as otherwise provided for in these Conditions) falls [insert 
relevant number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified Interest Period] after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date [(being [insert first Interest Payment Date])], after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (4). 
In case 
interpolation 
applies the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Rate (as defined below) [In case 
of a Margin the following applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)], 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
 
"Reference Rate" means, except as provided below, in respect of (i) the [in case 
of a short first Interest Period the following applies: short first Interest Period 
from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first 
Interest Payment Date] [in case of a long first Interest Period the following 
applies: long first Interest Period from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date] [in case of a short last 
Interest Period the following applies: short last Interest Period from, and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
including, the last Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date)] [in case of a long last Interest Period the following applies: 
long last Interest Period from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date prior to 
the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date] the rate determined by 
straight-line interpolation between the [insert first relevant Reference Interest 
Rate (including its term)] (as defined below) and the [insert second relevant 
Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] (as defined below), and (ii) all other 
Interest Periods the [insert relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term) 
which shall apply to all Interest Periods to which interpolation shall not apply] 
(as defined below) (together with the reference interest rate for the [short] [long] 
[first] [last] Interest Period the "Reference Interest Rates" and each a "Reference 
Interest Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum. 
 
The [insert first relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] [,] [and] 
the [insert second relevant Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] [[,] 
[and] the [in case the relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all 
Interest Periods to which interpolation shall not apply is different from the 
first and the second relevant Reference Interest Rate, insert such Reference 
Interest Rate (including its term)]] shall be in each case the rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as 
of [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant 
financial centre] time) on the Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
 
In case 
interpolation does 
not apply, the 
following applies 
 
[(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) shall be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the following shall apply: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1). 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as provided below, the [insert relevant 
Reference Interest Rate (including its term)] (as defined below), expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum. 
 
The "[insert relevant Reference Interest Rate]" shall be the rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [11.00 
a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert other relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.] 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and from, 
and including, each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] [insert other relevant number of 
days] [day] [Business Day] [(as defined in § 1 (6)] [prior to the [commencement] 
[end]] of the relevant Interest Period. [if a definition is required, which differs 
from the general Business Day definition, the following shall apply: For the 
purposes of this § 3 (2) only, "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which [[in case T2 has been already defined the following shall 
apply: T2] [in case T2 has not already been defined the following shall apply: 
the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any 
successor system) ("T2")] is open for the settlement of payments in Euro] [[and] 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 67 ---
67 
deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres].] 
In case of Notes, 
which have a 
margin which 
does not change 
the following 
applies 
 
["Margin" means [insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case of Notes 
which have a 
margin which 
changes the 
following applies 
 
["Margin" means in respect of the Interest Period[s] 
from, and including, 
to, but excluding, 
 
[insert date] 
[insert date] 
[insert Margin] per 
cent. per annum] 
 
 
 
 
"Screen Page" means (i) [insert relevant Screen Page], or (ii) such other display 
page as may replace such Screen Page on the service provided by [insert relevant 
information vendor], or (iii) the display page of such other service as may be 
nominated by the Calculation Agent as the replacement information vendor for the 
purpose of displaying the relevant rate. 
 
 
If the Screen Page is cancelled or unavailable or if the [in case interpolation 
applies, the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate does not appear 
as at such time on the relevant Determination Day on the Screen Page and provided 
that no Rate Replacement Event pursuant to § 3 ([8]) has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at which 
it offers deposits in the Specified Currency with a term corresponding with the term 
of the [in case interpolation applies, the following applies: relevant] Reference 
Interest Rate, commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount (as defined below) to prime banks in the [insert all relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [of the Euro-zone (as defined below)] at 
approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] ([Brussels] [insert all 
relevant financial centres] time) on the Determination Day. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one [if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR the following applies: 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005] [if the Reference Interest Rate is 
not EURIBOR the following applies: hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005] being rounded upwards) of such rates, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
If on any Determination Day only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such rates as specified in the preceding paragraph, the [in 
case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] Reference Interest 
Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one [if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR the following 
applies: thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005] [if the Reference Interest 
Rate is not EURIBOR the following applies: hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005] being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in [insert relevant 
financial centre] [the [insert relevant financial centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone]], selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, at which such 
banks offer, as at approximately [11.00 a.m.] [insert other relevant time] 
([Brussels] [insert other relevant financial centre] time) on the [Determination 
Day] [first day of the relevant Interest Period] loans in the Specified Currency with 
a term corresponding with the term of the [in case interpolation applies the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
following applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount to leading European 
banks. If the [in case interpolation applies the following applies: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case interpolation applies the following 
applies: relevant] Reference Interest Rate shall be the rate on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding the Determination Day on which such 
rate appeared. 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means [[four] [insert other relevant number] major banks in 
the [insert all relevant financial centres] interbank market [of the Euro-zone]] [in 
case Reference Banks are specified in the Final Terms, insert the names of 
such Reference Banks]. 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
In case of the 
Interbank market 
of the Euro-zone 
the following 
applies 
 
["Euro-zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the EU that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the Euro as single currency.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Minimum and/or 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
 
 
In case a 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. 
per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
 
In case a 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, 
the following 
applies 
 
[If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes from, and 
including, the due date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest established by law1. 
 
 
([5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each date at which the relevant Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest payable under the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention. 
 
 
([6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and Amount of Interest. The Calculation Agent 
will cause the Interest Period, the Rate of Interest, the amount of interest and the 
Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period to be notified to the Issuer, to 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, if so required 
by the rules of such stock exchange, and to the Holders in accordance with § [13] 
as soon as possible after their determination. Each amount of interest and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be notified 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed and to the 
Holders in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
([7]) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent or 
any Independent Adviser shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any paying agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any 
paying agents or the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or any 
Independent Adviser in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
([8]) (a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to a 
Determination Day, the Relevant Determining Party shall determine and inform the 
Issuer, if relevant, and the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments for purposes 
of determining the Reference Interest Rate in respect of the Interest Period related 
to that Determination Day and each Interest Period thereafter (subject to the 
subsequent occurrence of any further Rate Replacement Event). These Conditions 
shall be amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with effect from (and 
including) the relevant Determination Day (including any amendment of such 
Determination Day if so provided by the Replacement Rate Adjustments). The 
Reference Interest Rate shall then be the Replacement Rate (as defined below) 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread, if any: 
 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § [13] without undue delay after such 
determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment Spread, if any, and the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no consent or approval 
of any Holder shall be required for the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment Spread, 
if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments to become effective. 
 
 
In addition, the Issuer may request the [in case CBF is the relevant Clearing 
System the following applies: Clearing System] [in case CBL and Euroclear are 
the relevant clearing systems and in case the Global Note is a CGN the 
following applies: common depositary of the ICSDs] [in case CBL and Euroclear 
are the relevant clearing systems and in case the Global Note is an NGN the 
following applies: common safekeeper of the ICSDs] to supplement or amend 
these Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments by attaching the 
documents submitted to the Global Note in an appropriate manner. 
 
 
(b) Definitions. 
 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant 
Determining Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement Rate to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic 
value between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of

--- Page 70 ---
70 
the replacement of the Reference Interest Rate against the Replacement Rate 
(including, but not limited to, as a result of the Replacement Rate being a risk-free 
rate). In determining the Adjustment Spread, the Relevant Guidance shall be taken 
into account. 
 
 
"Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, alternative 
or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or contracts, 
including the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such financial 
instruments or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of interest. In 
determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 
"Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to these Conditions 
as are determined consequential to enable the operation of the Replacement Rate 
(which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Determination Day, the Day Count 
Fraction and any methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the 
Replacement Rate). In determining any Replacement Rate Adjustments, the 
Relevant Guidance shall be taken in account. 
 
 
"Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to the Reference Interest Rate (or 
for the purpose of this § 3 ([8]) (a) and (b), the Replacement Rate, as the case may 
be) each of the following events: 
 
 
(i)  the Reference Interest Rate not having been published on the Screen Page for 
the last ten Business Days prior to and including the relevant Determination 
Day; or 
 
 
(ii)  a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate that the Reference Interest Rate is no longer 
representative, or will no longer be representative, of the underlying market it 
purports to measure as of a certain date, and that such representativeness will 
not be restored; or 
 
 
(iii)  a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate that 
(x) the administrator will cease to publish the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue the publication of the Reference Interest 
Rate), or (y) the Reference Interest Rate will permanently or indefinitely be 
discontinued; or 
 
 
(iv)  a public announcement by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate, the central bank for the Specified Currency, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference 
Interest Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Reference Interest Rate or a court (in case of an unappealable final 
decision) or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Reference Interest Rate that the administrator of the 
Reference Interest Rate will cease to provide the Reference Interest Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue the publication of the Reference Interest 
Rate); or 
 
 
(v)  a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate that 
the Reference Interest Rate will be prohibited from being used; or 
 
 
(vi)  a public announcement by the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate that 
the methodology of determining the Reference Interest Rate will change 
materially,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
provided that the Rate Replacement Event shall be deemed to occur (a), in the case 
of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, on the date of the cessation of the Reference 
Interest Rate or the discontinuation of the Reference Interest Rate or, (b) in the case 
of (v) above, on the date of prohibition of use of the Reference Interest Rate, or (c) 
in the case of (vi) above, on the date with effect from which the methodology of 
determining the Reference Interest Rate will change materially. 
 
 
"Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i)  the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without 
any reasonable doubt determinable by a Holder; or 
 
 
(ii)  failing which, an Independent Adviser, to be appointed by the Issuer at 
commercially reasonable terms, using reasonable endeavours, as its agent to 
make such determinations. 
 
 
"Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement applicable to 
the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable designation (in particular (but 
not limited to) pursuant to Article 23 (2) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended), 
requirement, recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, if 
none, (iii) any relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including 
by ISDA), or, if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i)  the EU Commission, the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Reference Interest Rate or the administrator of the Reference Interest Rate; or 
 
 
(ii)  any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or convened by 
or chaired or co-chaired by (v) the EU Commission, (w) the central bank for the 
Specified Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Interest Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Interest Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or any other independent adviser of recognised standing and with 
appropriate expertise. 
 
 
(c) Fallback Provision. In case the Issuer may terminate the Notes the following 
applies: and Termination]. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, 
or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined by the Relevant 
Determining Party pursuant to § 3 ([8]) (a) and (b), the Issuer will inform the 
Calculation Agent thereof and the Reference Interest Rate in respect of the relevant 
Determination Day shall be the Reference Interest Rate determined for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. [In case the Issuer may terminate the 
Notes the following applies: In this case, the Issuer may, upon not less than 15 
days' notice given to the Holders in accordance with § [13], redeem all, and not only 
some of the Notes at any time up and until (but excluding) the respective 
subsequent Determination Day at the Final Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective redemption date.] 
 
 
([9]) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation 
of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period")

--- Page 72 ---
72 
In case of 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
In case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 
[the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
In case of 30/360, 
360/360 or Bond 
Basis the 
following applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months 
(unless (A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the 
first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
In case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 
[the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days 
to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 
(1)(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System upon presentation 
and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent outside the United States. 
 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes shall be made, subject 
to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of 
the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
 
Payment of interest on the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note shall 
be made, subject to § 4 (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit 
to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided for in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, 
payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Business Day (as defined 
below) the due date for such payment shall be 
In case of 
Modified 
Following 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date 
for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which is a

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
Payment Business Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Floating Rate 
Note Business 
Day Convention 
the following 
applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless the due date 
for such payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the due date for such payment shall be the immediately preceding day which is 
a Payment Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date (if 
applicable) shall be the last Payment Business Day in the month which falls [[insert 
relevant number] [months] [insert other specified Interest Period]] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date (if applicable) (Floating Rate Note Business Day 
Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[postponed to the next day which is a Payment Business Day (Following Business 
Day Convention).] 
 
 
 
In case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
 
[moved forward to the immediately preceding day which is a Payment Business 
Day (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on 
which the Clearing System is open, and (ii) [which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6))] [on which [commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres]] 
[[and] [in case T2 has already been defined the following applies: T2] [in case 
T2 has not already been defined the following applies: the real-time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (or any successor system) ("T2") 
is open for the settlement of payments in Euro]]]. 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall be 
adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention and 
Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: brought forward] 
[or] [In case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate 
Note Business Day Convention and Following Business Day Convention the 
following applies: postponed] (as described above), the amount of interest shall 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
 
In case the 
amount of 
interest shall not 
be adjusted the 
following applies 
 
[If the due date for a payment of interest is [In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention and 
Preceding Business Day Convention the following applies: brought forward] 
[or] [In case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate 
Note Business Day Convention and Following Business Day Convention the 
following applies: postponed] (as described above), the amount of interest shall 
not be adjusted accordingly.] 
 
 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the Notes is adjusted 
the Holder shall not be entitled to additional payments in respect of such 
adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision shall be without prejudice to 
any adjustment made to a payment of interest pursuant to the foregoing sentence. 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Conditions to

--- Page 74 ---
74 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); [In case the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer the following applies: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified below);] and any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7) 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the Local Court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders 
within twelve months after the relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such Holders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, and subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4 (4), the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption 
Amount on [in the case of a specified Maturity Date insert such Maturity Date] 
[in the case of a Redemption Month insert: the Interest Payment Date falling in 
[insert Redemption Month]] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be [In case the Notes are redeemed at 
their principal amount the following applies: its principal amount] [otherwise 
insert Specified Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Specified 
Denomination, which shall not be less than the principal amount of the Note]. 
 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation.  
 
 
(a) Upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (c), if as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic 
of Germany (or in the event of the Issuer becoming subject to another tax 
jurisdiction pursuant to § 7 (3), the laws or regulations of such other tax 
jurisdiction) affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or 
any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of 
such laws or regulations, which amendment or change becomes effective on 
or after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of measures available to the Issuer which are, in the 
judgment of the Issuer, reasonable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, on any Interest Payment Date 
(subject to the provisions set out in subparagraph (b)) upon not less than 30 
days' nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Holders, 
on any date specified by it (the "Tax Call Redemption Date"), at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) 
the Tax Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
(b) However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes was then due, or (ii) 
if at the time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional 
Amounts does not remain in effect. 
 
 
(c) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(ii) 
the Tax Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iii) a statement summarising the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
In case the Notes 
are subject to 
Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer the 
following applies 
 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: (except for 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole or in 
part on the Call Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set 
forth below together with interest, if any, accrued to (but excluding) the 
[relevant] Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Dates(s)]  
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than [15] [insert 
other minimum notice period (which shall be not less than 5 days)] days' 
nor more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in 
part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, such partial redemption shall be 
effected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of 
CBL and Euroclear.]] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([4]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with subparagraph (b), 
redeem the Notes [in case Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control is applicable the following applies: (except for 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of the 
option to require the redemption of such Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but 
not in part, within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) 
the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on the Call Redemption Date ([In 
case the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call). 
 
 
"Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: Three] Months Par Call)" means the period from (and 
including) the day falling [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months Par Call) the 
following applies: two] [In case the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par Call) the 
following applies: three] months before the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date. 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and 
(ii) the date within the Call Redemption Period ([In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two Months 
Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three Months Par 
Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call) on which the 
redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date ([In case the Notes 
are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Two 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Two] [In case the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Three 
Months Par Call) the following applies: Three] Months Par Call)").] 
In case Early 
Redemption at 
the Option of the 
Issuer (Minimal 
Outstanding 
Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
of the Notes) is 
applicable the 
following applies 
 
[([5]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount of the Notes). 
(a) In case 80 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or purchased by any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the remaining Notes [in case Early Redemption 
at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control is applicable the 
following applies: (except for any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of the option to require the redemption of such 
Note under § 5 ([6]))] in whole, but not in part, on the Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes) at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Call Redemption Date (Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
of the Notes). 
 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § [13], to the Holders on giving not less than 30 days' nor 
more than 60 days' prior notice of redemption. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and specify: 
 
 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(ii) the date on which the redemption will occur (the "Call Redemption Date 
(Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes)").] 
 
 
 
In case the 
Holders may 
demand the early 
redemption of 
their Notes in 
case of a Change 
of Control the 
following applies 
 
[([6]) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
(a) If a Change of Control occurs after the Issue Date, each Holder shall have the 
right to require the Issuer to redeem its Notes in whole or in part at their Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date (the "Put Redemption Option"). Such Put 
Redemption Option shall operate as set out in subparagraphs (b) to (c). In the 
event of the exercise of the Put Redemption Option, the Issuer shall have the 
right, at the Issuer's option, instead of redeeming all or any of the relevant 
Notes to purchase (or procure the purchase of) all or any of the relevant Notes 
each at their Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, 
to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date within three days from the 
expiration of the Put Redemption Period. 
 
A "Change of Control" means the case that any Person or Persons acting in 
concert within the meaning of section 34 (2) of the German Securities Trading 
Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz; "WpHG") acquires or acquire Control of the 
Issuer after the Issue Date. 
 
 
"Control" means direct or indirect (within the meaning of section 34 WpHG) 
legal or beneficial ownership of ordinary shares carrying, in the aggregate, 
more than 30 per cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer. 
 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, undertaking, association, organisation, fund, state or agency of a 
state, in each case whether or not being a separate legal entity, but excluding 
(i) affiliated subsidiaries of the Issuer within the meaning of sections 15 
through 18 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz; "AktG"), (ii) 
Erich Sixt, (iii) his relatives in direct line, (iv) his wife or the spouses of his 
relatives in direct line, (v) a Sixt family trust (Familienstiftung) and/or (vi) any 
company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
organisation, fund or other association, in each case whether or not being a 
separate legal entity, controlled by any of the persons referred to in (ii) to (v) 
within the meaning of sections 15 through 18 AktG. 
 
 
(b) If a Change of Control occurs, the Issuer shall, without undue delay, after 
becoming aware thereof, give notice of the Change of Control (a "Change of 
Control Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § [13], specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising the Put 
Redemption Option contained in this § 5 ([6]) (including the information 
relating to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent for purposes of 
subparagraph (c)(ii) of this § 5 ([6])). 
 
 
(c) 
To exercise the Put Redemption Option, the Holder must deliver on any 
Business Day within the Put Redemption Period (i) to the Fiscal Agent at its 
specified office a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the then 
current form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent (a "Put Redemption Notice") 
and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Notes in respect of which the 
Holder wishes to exercise its Put Redemption Option by transferring such 
Notes to the Clearing System account of the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant 
Note(s) on the day which falls seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Redemption Period (the "Put Redemption Date") unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made in accordance with the customary procedures through 
the Clearing System. A Put Redemption Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
"Put Redemption Period" means (x) a period of 30 days after the Change of 
Control Notice was published, provided that no Interest Payment Date occurs 
within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Notice was published, 
and (y) if an Interest Payment Date occurs within the period of 30 days after 
the Change of Control Notice was published, a period of 30 days after such 
Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT [, THE PAYING AGENT[S]] AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT 
 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent [and] [the initial Paying 
Agent[s]] and the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Germany 
 
 
[Paying Agent[s]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[In case the Fiscal Agent shall also act as paying agent the following applies: 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfill the functions of a paying agent.] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[⚫] 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the Calculation Agent reserve the 
right at any time to change their specified offices to some other specified offices in 
the same city. 
 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] 
and the Calculation Agent and to appoint another fiscal agent [,another [or 
additional] paying agent[s]] or another calculation agent. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a fiscal agent [In case of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [insert 
name of relevant stock exchange], a paying agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in [insert location of relevant stock exchange or 
country in which the relevant stock exchange is located] and/or in such other 
places as may be required by any applicable rules] [In case of payments in U.S. 
Dollar the following applies: [,] [and] ([iii]) if payments at or through the offices 
of all paying agents outside the United States (as defined in § 1) become illegal or 
are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States Dollars, 
and provided further, such payment is then permitted under United States law 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the 
Issuer, a paying agent with a specified office in New York City] [In case a 
calculation agent shall be appointed the following applies: [and] ([iv]) a 
calculation agent [In case the calculation agent is required to maintain a 
specified office in a required location the following applies: with a specified 
office located in [insert required location]]. The Issuer will give notice to the 
Holders at any variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as 
possible upon the effectiveness of such variation, termination, appointment and 
such other change. 
 
 
(3) Agent[s] of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent [, the Paying Agent[s]] and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust with any Holder. 
 
 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions,

--- Page 79 ---
79 
determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these Conditions by the Fiscal Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the paying agent[s] and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, 
no liability to the Issuer or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
 
(1) Payments Without any Deduction or Withholding of Taxes. All amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or other duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax (hereinafter together "Withholding Taxes"), unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 
(2) Payment of Additional Amounts. If any withholding or deduction with respect to 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes is required by law, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") of principal and interest as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been received by the Holders in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction. No such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes 
or duties: 
 
 
(a) which are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent 
on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a 
withholding or deduction by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
to be made by it, or 
 
 
(b) which are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, personal or 
business connections with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely 
by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes 
of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the 
Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 
(c) which are withheld or deducted by a paying agent from a payment if the 
payment could have been made by another paying agent without such 
withholding or deduction, or 
 
 
(d) which must be withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any EU Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or 
 
 
(e) where a Holder or a third party acting on behalf of a Holder could have lawfully 
avoided (but has not so avoided) such withholding or deduction by complying 
or procuring that any third party acting on its behalf complies with any statutory 
requirements (in particular, the applicable information and reporting 
requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity of the Holder) 
or by making or procuring that any such third party makes a declaration of 
non-residence, or by making any other claim for exemption to any tax 
authority; or 
 
 
(f) 
which are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective later 
than 30 days after the relevant payment of principal or interest becomes due

--- Page 80 ---
80 
or, if this takes place later, is duly provided for and notice thereof is published 
in accordance with § [13]. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied in the 
Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date 
at 
the 
level 
of 
the 
custodian 
bank 
plus 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, do not constitute a tax or duty as 
described above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
In case that due to a change in law the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied 
in the Federal Republic of Germany pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue 
Date at the level of the custodian bank plus the solidarity surcharge 
(Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed thereon as well as church tax (Kirchensteuer), 
where such tax is levied by way of withholding, have to be levied at the level of the 
Issuer in future, these, too, do not constitute a tax or duty as described above in 
respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer. 
 
 
(3) Other Tax Jurisdiction. If at any time the Issuer becomes subject to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, or in addition to, the currently relevant taxing jurisdiction of 
the Issuer, references in this § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany shall be read 
and construed as references to the jurisdiction then applicable to the Issuer and/or 
to such other jurisdiction(s). 
 
 
(4) FATCA. The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct from amounts payable 
under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes sufficient funds for the 
payment of any amount that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to (a) 
sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any 
associated regulations or other official guidance (the "U.S. Provisions"); (b) any 
treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other country which 
facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (the "Foreign Provisions"); 
(c) any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and any other 
country which facilitates the implementation of the U.S. Provisions (an 
"Intergovernmental Agreement"); or (d) any agreement regarding the 
implementation of the U.S. Provisions, the Foreign Provisions and any 
Intergovernmental Agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an 
intermediary with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. government or any 
governmental or tax authority in any other country (together with the U.S. 
Provisions, Foreign Provisions and any Intergovernmental Agreement, "FATCA"). 
The Issuer will not be required to make any payment of additional amounts for or 
on account of any amount withheld or deducted by the Issuer or an intermediary in 
compliance with FATCA. 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
 
 
The presentation period provided in section 801 (1), sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 
(1) Events of Default. If an Event of Default occurs after the Issue Date, each 
Holder shall be entitled (subject to the provisions of § 9 (3) and § 9 (4)) to declare 
due and payable, by submitting a notice pursuant to § 9 (2), its claims arising from 
the Notes and demand immediate redemption at the principal amount thereof 
together with any unpaid interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of actual 
redemption. Each of the following is an "Event of Default": 
 
 
(i) 
The Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on the Notes within 15 days after a

--- Page 81 ---
81 
payment in respect of the Notes is due. 
 
 
(ii) 
The Issuer fails to duly perform any other obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder. 
 
 
(iii) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to fulfil one or more payment 
obligations to a third party (which is not a member of the group) in an 
aggregate amount of more than Euro 25,000,000, arising from (i) any 
Financial Indebtedness, or (ii) a guarantee or surety provided in respect of 
Financial Indebtedness of a third party, within 30 days after its due date or, in 
the event of a surety or guarantee, within 30 days after claims have been 
asserted under such surety or guarantee in writing, or such Financial 
Indebtedness is accelerated in a corresponding amount due to the occurrence 
of an event of default and not paid within five Business Days after its due date. 
 
 
(iv) The Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is unable to pay its debts when due 
(zahlungsunfähig) (within the meaning of section 17 of the German Insolvency 
Code (the "InsO")) or over-indebted (überschuldet) (within the meaning of 
section 19 InsO) (or in a corresponding condition under the laws of the 
relevant applicable jurisdiction other than Germany) or ceases to make 
payments in general or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary files a petition 
for the opening of insolvency proceedings for the reasons stated in 
sections 17 through 19 InsO (or equivalent proceedings under the laws of the 
relevant applicable jurisdiction other than Germany) or the competent court 
takes one of the measures provided for in section 21 InsO (or equivalent 
measures under the laws of the relevant applicable jurisdiction other than 
Germany) or insolvency proceedings are opened over the assets of the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary. 
 
 
(v) 
The Issuer goes into liquidation, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger or another form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganisation and such other or new company assumes essentially all 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer, including all obligations assumed by the 
Issuer in connection with these Notes. 
 
 
(vi) The Issuer ceases all of its business operations. 
 
 
(vii) The Issuer sells all of its assets or a substantial part thereof outside the 
ordinary course of business to a third party (which is not a member of the 
group) in a single transaction or in a series of transactions which are related, 
as a result of which (x) the value of its assets (at a group level) is considerably 
diminished and (y) it becomes likely that the Issuer will no longer be able to 
fulfil its payment obligations under the Notes to the Holders. 
 
 
(viii) In the case of a substitution of the Issuer within the meaning of § 10 (1) any 
of the events set forth in subparagraphs (iii) to (vii) above occurs in respect of 
the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" within the meaning of this § 9 (1) means any payment 
obligation arising from (i) a Capital Market Indebtedness, (ii) monies borrowed on 
the basis of loans, or (iii) borrowings provided by a credit institution. 
 
 
(2) Notices Declaring Notes Due and other Notices. A notice declaring Notes due 
or other notices pursuant to this § 9 are irrevocable and must be made in 
accordance with § [13] ([⚫]). 
 
 
(3) Cure. The right to declare Notes due in accordance with this § 9 shall terminate 
if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the right is exercised.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In the events specified in § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii), any 
notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in § 9 (1) (i) or § 9 (1) (iv) to § 9 (1) (vi) has occurred, become 
effective only once the Fiscal Agent has received such notices declaring Notes due 
from Holders representing at least 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes then outstanding in total. In the case of a substitution of the Issuer 
within the meaning of § 10 (1), the provisions of this § 9 (4) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis where any of the events set forth in § 9 (1) (iii) and/or § 9 (1) (vii) occurs 
in respect of the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor. 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall without the consent of the Holders be entitled at 
any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company of which more than 90 per 
cent. of the shares carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the 
Issuer, as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection 
with the Notes (the "Substitute Issuer"), provided that: 
 
 
(i) 
the Substitute Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes, and 
 
 
(ii) 
the Substitute Issuer is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes without the necessity of any taxes or 
duties to be withheld at source and to transfer the amounts which are required 
therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions, and that in particular all 
necessary authorisations to this effect by any authority of its country have 
been obtained, and 
 
 
(iii) the Substitute Issuer undertakes to reimburse each Holder for all taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon a Holder as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligation by the Substitute Issuer and which the 
Holders would not have to bear without the substitution of the Issuer, and 
 
 
(iv) the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations so to be 
assumed by the Substitute Issuer, and 
 
 
(v) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (i) to (iv) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(2) Notice of Substitution. Any such substitution shall be notified in accordance with 
§ [13]. 
 
 
(3) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the Substitute 
Issuer and any reference in § 5 (2) and § 7 to the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) and § 7 (2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic 
of Germany shall be deemed to have been included (in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Issuer); and 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) and § 9 (1) (iii) to (vii) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been included (in addition 
to the reference to the Substitute Issuer).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
In case the 
provisions of the 
German Act on 
Debt Securities 
regarding the 
amendment of 
terms and 
conditions and 
the appointment 
of a holders' 
representative 
shall apply, the 
following applies 
 
[§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das 
"SchVG")) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments of these 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in § 11 (2). Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding 
on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the Holders which does not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
(2) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to material amendments of the 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures set out in section 5 (3) SchVG 
shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. (Qualified Majority) of 
the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Conditions which are not 
material require a simple majority of the votes cast. The voting right for any Notes 
is suspended as long as any such Notes are attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates (within the meaning of section 271 (2) German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the account of the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates. 
 
 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Holders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for 
such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of section 18 (4) 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(5) Voting Rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in 
accordance with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the 
outstanding Notes. 
 
 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
 
 
[In case no Holders' Representative is designated in the Conditions, the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] 
 
 
[In case the Holders' Representative is appointed in the Conditions the 
following applies: The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [insert name and address of the Holders' Representative]. The liability 
of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence.] 
 
 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 
(7) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 11 shall be made exclusively pursuant

--- Page 84 ---
84 
to the provisions of the SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent 
of the Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms as these Notes in all 
respects (except for, as applicable, the issue date, interest commencement date, 
first interest payment date and issue price) so as to be consolidated and form a 
single series (the "Series") with these Notes. 
 
 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. 
 
 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ [13] 
NOTICES 
In case of Notes 
which are 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and if required by law, in such other media as 
determined by law. [In case of Securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies: If and for 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so 
require, all notices concerning the Notes shall also be published in electronic form 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the third day following the 
date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Notes are held in their entirety 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of notices pursuant 
to § [13] (1) is not required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media 
set forth in § [13] (1), deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System, for 
communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day following the date on which 
such notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
In case of Notes 
which are not 
admitted to 
trading on the 
regulated market 
of a stock 
exchange the 
following applies 
 
[(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning 
the Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the 
seventh day following the date on which such notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
 
([⚫]) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. Unless stipulated differently in 
these Conditions or required differently by law, notices regarding the Notes which 
are to be given by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if delivered or 
transmitted in text form (Textform) in the German or English language to the Issuer 
or the Fiscal Agent (for onward delivery to the Issuer). The Holder shall provide 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the Notes. Such evidence may 
be (i) in the form of a certification from the Clearing System or the Custodian (as 
defined below) with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes that such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, the Holder of the 
relevant Notes, or (ii) in any other appropriate manner.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
§ [14] 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall in all respects be governed by 
German law. 
 
 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes [In 
case the provisions of the SchVG shall apply, the following applies: , subject 
to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific proceedings under the SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by 
the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b), 
and (ii) a copy of the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under these Notes 
also in any other way which is permitted under procedural law in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
 
 
§ [15] 
LANGUAGE 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German text shall be binding and prevailing. The 
English language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language with a 
German 
language 
translation the 
following applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a German 
language translation. The English text shall be binding and prevailing. The German 
language translation shall be non-binding.] 
In case the 
Conditions shall 
be in the English 
language only 
the following 
applies 
 
[These Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
 
Einführung 
 
Die 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Bedingungen") 
sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 
"Option I" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
"Option II" umfasst den Satz an Bedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 
Jeder Satz an Bedingungen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz an Bedingungen oder 
in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes an Bedingungen gekennzeichnet sind. 
 
 In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, ob Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen weiteren 
Optionen) für die jeweilige Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, 
indem entweder die maßgeblichen Angaben dieser Option wiederholt werden oder 
auf die maßgeblichen Bestimmungen dieser Option verwiesen wird. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung dieses Prospekts keine Kenntnis 
von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, die in 
Option I oder 
Option II 
enthalten sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen 
so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen dieser 
Bedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Bedingungen gestrichen; 
sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Bedingungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte 
in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Bedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der 
Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle und bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht 
an einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
OPTION 
I 
– 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Sixt SE (die "Emittentin") werden in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im Fall, dass die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 (4)] 
von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im 
Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde in der in dem vorstehenden Unterabsatz (a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Ausgabetag (wie in 
§ 3 (1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch 
darf nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Person(en), 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 1 (3) (b) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (die 
Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet 
[Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
jeweils] Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register 
zu verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind ein schlüssiger Nachweis des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
nach dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels 
in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System, das von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein 
Nachfolgesystem) ("T2") für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist].

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und nicht 
besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im gleichen Rang untereinander 
und im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht 
nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin stehen, mit 
Ausnahme 
solcher 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen bevorrechtigt sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
geschuldeten Beträge der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
 
 
(i) 
keine 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
oder 
anderer 
dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen, durch Grund- und Mobiliarpfandrechte, 
sonstige Pfandrechte oder dingliche Sicherheiten (solche Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte und dingliche Sicherheiten, die 
"Dinglichen Sicherheiten") an der Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte zu besichern oder solche 
Dinglichen Sicherheiten als Sicherheit fortbestehen zu lassen, und 
 
 
(ii) 
soweit gesetzlich 
zulässig sicherzustellen, dass keine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien oder anderer dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen durch Dingliche Sicherheiten an der 
Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte besichert oder solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten fortbestehen 
lässt, 
 
 
ohne gleichzeitig oder zuvor die Gläubiger für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleichem Rang und Umfang an solchen Dinglichen 
Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu lassen. 
 
 
(b) Ausgenommen von den Beschränkungen in § 2 (2) (a) sind jedoch Dingliche 
Sicherheiten, (i) die aufgrund zwingender gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder als 
Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse bestellt wurden oder zu bestellen sind, oder (ii) die im Rahmen 
von Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder Factoring-Finanzierungen bestellt 
wurden oder bestellt werden, oder (iii) die zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von 
Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen Vermögenswerten bestehen, soweit 
solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten nicht im Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb oder 
in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Vermögenswerts bestellt wurden und 
der durch die Dinglichen Sicherheiten besicherte Betrag nicht nach Erwerb 
des betreffenden Vermögenswerts erhöht wird, oder (iv) die der Erneuerung, 
Verlängerung oder Ersetzung irgendeiner Dinglichen Sicherheit gemäß 
vorstehenden (i) bis (iii) dienen, sowie (v) die Forderungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien 
oder anderer dafür übernommener Gewährleistungen bis zu einem 
aggregierten Gesamtbetrag in Höhe von Euro 10.000.000 besichern. 
 
 
(c)  "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
bestehende 
oder 
zukünftige Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) bezüglich Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, 
Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, und 
Schuldscheine oder Schuldscheindarlehen. 
 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, (i) an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50 Prozent

--- Page 90 ---
90 
des Kapitals oder der Stimmrechte hält und (ii) (a) deren Umsatzerlöse gemäß 
ihrem letzten nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss (erstellt nach GAAP, 
jedoch ohne Berücksichtigung von Umsatzerlösen mit verbundenen 
Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses 
der Emittentin verwendet wurde, mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten 
Umsatzerlöse 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss (IFRS) betragen haben oder (b) deren Bilanzsumme 
gemäß ihrem letzten nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss (erstellt nach 
GAAP, nach Eliminierung von Beteiligungen an Tochtergesellschaften und 
von Forderungen gegen verbundene Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des 
letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin verwendet wurde, 
mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin gemäß 
ihrem letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss (IFRS) betragen hat. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Sofern 
für 
mehrere 
Tochtergesellschaften 
kein 
Einzelabschluss sondern ausschließlich ein Teilkonzernabschluss erstellt wird 
und die in dem Teilkonzernabschluss ausgewiesenen Umsatzerlöse (ohne 
Berücksichtigung von Umsatzerlösen durch Geschäfte mit verbundenen 
Unternehmen) oder Bilanzsumme (ohne Berücksichtigung von Beteiligungen 
an und von Forderungen gegen Tochtergesellschaften) die in den 
vorstehenden litt. (ii) (a) oder (b) in dieser Definition von "Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaften" genannten Grenzwerte überschreiten, wird unterstellt, 
dass alle in den Teilkonzernabschluss einbezogenen Tochtergesellschaften 
diese Werte überschreiten. Soweit Umsatzerlöse aus dem Verkauf von 
Fahrzeugen nach IFRS im geprüften Konzernabschluss nicht als 
Umsatzerlöse ausgewiesen werden, sind Umsatzerlöse aus dem Verkauf von 
Fahrzeugen im jeweiligen nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss bzw. 
Teilkonzernabschluss ebenfalls nicht als Umsatzerlöse zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"GAAP" bezeichnet allgemein anerkannte Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (einschließlich IFRS) und im Hinblick auf 
eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
die 
allgemein 
anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze in der Rechtsordnung, nach deren Recht die 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gegründet wurde (einschließlich IFRS). 
 
 
"IFRS" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine Gesellschaft, die ein von der 
Emittentin unmittelbar oder mittelbar abhängiges Unternehmen im Sinne des 
§ 17 Aktiengesetz und im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin vollkonsolidiert ist. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage ihres ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Ausgabetag" 
oder 
der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) 
definiert) (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz einfügen] % per annum (der "Zinssatz"). 
Die Zinsen sind [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich]] 
im 
Nachhinein 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] [Im Fall, dass es Zinszahlungstage in mehr als 
einem Jahr gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: eines jeden Jahres] zahlbar ([Im 
Fall, dass es mehr als einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
jeweils ein] [Im Fall, dass es nur einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: der] "Zinszahlungstag"). [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen 
Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt 
am [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und die letzte Zinszahlung erfolgt am 
[letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen].] An [Im Fall, dass es mehr als einen 
Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: jedem] [Im Fall, dass es nur

--- Page 91 ---
91 
einen Zinszahlungstag gibt, ist Folgendes anwendbar: dem] Zinszahlungstag 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: mit Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (der "erste Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] [Im Fall einer 
kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: [und] mit 
Ausnahme des Zinszahlungstags, der auf den [letzten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] (der "letzte Zinszahlungstag") fällt,] werden Zinsen in Höhe von 
[Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung einfügen] 
je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt. [Im Fall einer 
kurzen oder langen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: An dem 
ersten Zinszahlungstag wird ein anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe von 
[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung für den ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten 
Stückelung gezahlt. [Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen letzten Zinsperiode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: An dem letzten Zinszahlungstag wird ein abschließender 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag in Höhe von [abschließenden Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
den 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
je 
Schuldverschreibung in der festgelegten Stückelung gezahlt.] Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
 
 
(2) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 
(3) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlende Zinsbetrag für einen bestimmten Zeitraum zu berechnen ist (mit 
Ausnahme [des Zinsbetrags] [der Zinsbeträge], [der] [die] in § 3 (1) aufgeführt [ist] 
[sind]), erfolgt die Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz auf die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das hieraus 
resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung 
gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[1. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die 
das 
Ende 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl der 
Tage in dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt aus 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
 
2. falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die 
das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus 
 
 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
 
1  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(2) der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von einem Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies 
schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
beginnt, und dann, wenn der letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstermin nach dem letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
 
 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen] (jeder [Datum einfügen]).] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.] 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des 
ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von 
Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der 
Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
§ 4 (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt (Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag handelt (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass T2 bereits definiert 
wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: T2] [Im Fall, dass T2 noch nicht definiert 
wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Real-time Gross Settlement System, das 
von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein Nachfolgesystem) ("T2")] für die 
Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Preceding Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
vorgezogen wird] [Im Fall von Following Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht

--- Page 94 ---
94 
anwendbar 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Rückzahlung 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 (1) 
angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben);] sowie jedes Aufgeld und sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung] [ansonsten den Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit (vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in Unterabsatz (b)) insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tagen durch Erklärung gemäß Unterabsatz (c) gegenüber den 
Gläubigern kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden Tag (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Steuern)") zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Steuern) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze oder Vorschriften der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland (oder für den Fall, dass die Emittentin gemäß § 7 (3) einer 
anderen 
Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen 
wird, 
der 
Gesetze 
oder 
Vorschriften dieser anderen Steuerrechtsordnung), die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher Art betreffen, oder als Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder Anwendung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Ausgabetag wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann, die nach Auffassung der

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Emittentin zumutbar sind. 
 
 
(b) Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich 
und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:  
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
den Wahlrückzahlungstag (Steuern); und 
 
 
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträge] (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträge (Call) einfügen] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird, 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wird 
die teilweise Rückzahlung in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des relevanten 
Clearingsystems durchgeführt. [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach

--- Page 96 ---
96 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par 
Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: drei] Monate vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par 
Call), 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
erfolgen 
wird 
(der 
"Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)").]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige Rück-
zahlung nach 
Wahl der 
Emittentin (bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbe-
trag der Schuld-
verschreibungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft oder von einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin angekauft 
wurden, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger 
bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 ([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
kündigen 
und 
zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass die 
Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines Kontroll-
wechsels die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ihrer 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen ver-
langen können, 
ist Folgendes an-
wendbar 
 
[([6]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so ist jeder Gläubiger 
berechtigt, von der Emittentin die vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung der 
von 
ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie in den Unterabsätzen (b) bis (c) 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
Für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts hat die Emittentin das Recht, wahlweise, 
anstelle der vollständigen oder teilweisen Rückzahlung der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, den vollständigen oder teilweisen Ankauf (oder die 
Veranlassung eines Ankaufs) der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, innerhalb von 
drei Tagen, nachdem der Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist, zu erklären. 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet den Fall, dass eine Person oder Personen, 
die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz ("WpHG") 
abgestimmt handeln, nach dem Ausgabetag Kontrolle über die Emittentin 
erwirbt oder erwerben. 
 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet ein direktes oder indirektes rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum (jeweils im Sinne des § 34 WpHG) von 
Stammaktien, die zusammen mehr als 30 Prozent der Stimmrechte der 
Emittentin gewähren. 
 
 
"Person" bezeichnet jede natürliche Person, Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, 
Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, Unternehmung, Zusammenschluss, 
Organisation, Fonds, Staat oder staatliche Einheit, unabhängig davon, ob es

--- Page 98 ---
98 
sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt oder nicht, aber unter 
Ausschluss (i) verbundener Tochterunternehmen der Emittentin im Sinne der 
§§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz, (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) seiner Verwandten in gerader 
Linie, (iv) seiner Ehegattin oder Ehegatten/-innen seiner Verwandten gerader 
Linie, (v) einer Sixt-Familienstiftung und/oder (vi) einer/eines von den unter (ii) 
bis (v) genannten Personen im Sinne der §§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz 
beherrschten Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, 
Unternehmung, Organisation, Fonds oder sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, 
unabhängig davon, ob es sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt 
oder nicht. 
 
 
(b) Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin dies unverzüglich, nachdem 
sie davon Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit (eine 
"Kontrollwechselmitteilung") und gibt dabei die Art des Kontrollwechsels 
und das in diesem § 5 ([6]) vorgesehene Verfahren zur Ausübung des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit Angaben zum Clearingsystem-
Konto der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabsatz (c)(ii) dieses § 5 
([6])). 
 
 
(c) Zur Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Gläubiger an 
einem Geschäftstag innerhalb des Ausübungszeitraums (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Gläubigerausübungserklärung") und (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Gläubiger 
sein 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht 
ausüben 
möchte, 
und 
zwar 
durch 
Übertragung dieser Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) am siebten Tag nach dem Tag, an dem der 
Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)"), 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit 
sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet wurde(n). 
Die Zahlung in Bezug auf solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das Clearingsystem. Eine einmal 
abgegebene Gläubigerausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
"Ausübungszeitraum" bezeichnet (x) einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen nachdem 
die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, vorausgesetzt, dass 
kein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, stattfindet und (y) sofern 
ein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, stattfindet, einen Zeitraum 
von 30 Tagen nach diesem Zinszahlungstag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle[n]. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die anfänglich bestellte[n] Zahlstelle[n]] und [ihre] [deren] 
bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] laute[t][n] wie folgt: 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[im Fall, dass die Emissionsstelle auch als Zahlstelle fungieren soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch

--- Page 99 ---
99 
diejenigen einer Zahlstelle.] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [und die Zahlstelle[n]] [behält] [behalten] sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] der Zahlstelle[n]] zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle [oder andere [oder 
zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) 
eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] (ii), solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Namen der relevanten Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der es 
sich um die Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz 
der relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich die relevante 
Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, wie es 
die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. 
Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] ([iii]) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 1 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, und vorausgesetzt, dass eine solche Zahlung 
nach den Gesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten zulässig ist, ohne dass damit nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin nachteilige Steuerfolgen für die Emittentin verbunden sind, 
eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] unterhalten. Die 
Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer 
solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder einem solchen sonstigen Wechsel 
benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [[,] [und] die Zahlstelle[n]] 
[handelt] [handeln] ausschließlich als Beauftragte[r] der Emittentin und 
[übernimmt] [übernehmen] keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, 
und es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen [ihr] [ihnen] und den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, 
kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Zahlstelle[n] und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend 
genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder 
Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer 
politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden (nachstehend 
zusammen "Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder 
Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(2) Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge. Ist ein Einbehalt oder Abzug in Bezug auf zu 
zahlende Beträge auf die Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
an Kapital und Zinsen zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben, 
 
 
(a) die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) die wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke 
der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) die durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einzubehalten sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen werden können, oder 
 
 
(d) die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, oder 
 
 
(e) deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen 
handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig hätte vermeiden können (ihn aber nicht 
vermieden 
hat), 
indem 
er 
die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet 
(insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten bezüglich 
der Staatsangehörigkeit, des Wohnsitzes oder der Identität des Gläubigers) 
oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des Gläubigers handelnde Dritte die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet, 
oder 
indem 
er 
eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung abgibt oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche 
Erklärung abzugeben oder einen anderen Steuerbefreiungsanspruch 
gegenüber den Steuerbehörden geltend macht, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird. 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der Depotbank 
erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
zuzüglich 
des 
darauf 
anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend 
beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu 
zahlen wären. 
 
 
Falls aufgrund einer Änderung der Rechtslage die in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene 
der Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, künftig auf Ebene der Emittentin zu erheben sind, 
stellen auch diese keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend beschriebenen Art

--- Page 101 ---
101 
dar, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(3) Andere Steuerrechtsordnung. Falls die Emittentin zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
einer 
anderen 
Steuerrechtsordnung 
als 
der 
gegenwärtig 
maßgeblichen 
Steuerrechtsordnung der Emittentin oder einer zusätzlichen Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen wird, sollen die Bezugnahmen in diesem § 7 auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als Bezugnahmen auf die dann auf die Emittentin anwendbare 
Rechtsordnung und/oder diese anderen Rechtsordnungen gelesen und ausgelegt 
werden. 
 
 
(4) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in 
ausreichender Höhe für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, 
zu deren Einbehalt oder Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 und damit zusammenhängenden Verordnungen 
oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien (die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), (b) gemäß einem 
Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, 
das bzw. die in einem anderen Staat besteht bzw. bestehen und der Umsetzung 
der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen (die "ausländischen Bestimmungen"), 
(c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
und einem anderen Staat, der der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient (ein 
"zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), oder (d) gemäß einer Vereinbarung, die die 
Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär zwecks Umsetzung der U.S. 
Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen oder eines zwischenstaatlichen 
Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, der Regierung der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer staatlichen Behörde oder Steuerbehörde in einem anderen 
Staat geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. Bestimmungen, den ausländischen 
Bestimmungen und einem jeden zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, "FATCA"), 
verpflichtet ist. Die Emittentin ist nicht zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
aufgrund von durch die Emittentin oder einen Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit 
FATCA einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kündigungsgrund ein, so 
kann jeder Gläubiger (vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 9 (3) und § 9 (4)) seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Abgabe einer Erklärung gemäß § 9 (2) kündigen und 
deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zusammen mit allen nicht 
gezahlten Zinsen, die bis zum tatsächlichen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufen sind, verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse stellt einen 
"Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
 
 
(i) 
Die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
innerhalb von 15 Tagen, nachdem eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig ist. 
 
 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese Unterlassung dauert 
länger als 30 Tage fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat. 
 
 
(iii) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft erfüllt eine oder

--- Page 102 ---
102 
mehrere Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber Dritten (die nicht Teil des 
Konzerns sind) in einer aggregierten Höhe von mehr als Euro 25.000.000, die 
sich (i) aus einer Finanzverbindlichkeit oder (ii) aus einer Garantie oder einer 
Bürgschaft, die für eine Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, ergibt, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
schriftlicher 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie, oder solche 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten werden in entsprechender Höhe aufgrund des 
Eintritts eines außerordentlichen Kündigungsgrunds vorzeitig fällig gestellt 
und nicht innerhalb von fünf Geschäftstagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit erfüllt. 
 
 
(iv) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist zahlungsunfähig 
(im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung (die "InsO")) oder überschuldet (im 
Sinne von § 19 InsO) (oder in einem nach den Gesetzen der maßgeblichen 
nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion entsprechenden Zustand) oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen generell ein, oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft stellt aus den in den §§ 17 bis 19 InsO genannten 
Gründen einen Antrag auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens (oder eines 
nach den Gesetzen der maßgeblichen nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion 
entsprechenden Verfahrens), oder das zuständige Gericht trifft eine der in § 21 
InsO vorgesehenen Maßnahmen (oder eine der in den Gesetzen der 
maßgeblichen nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion vorgesehenen entsprechenden 
Maßnahmen) oder es wird ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft über deren Vermögen eröffnet. 
 
 
(v) 
Die Emittentin tritt in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses 
mit 
einer 
anderen 
Gesellschaft 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und die andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft übernimmt im Wesentlichen alle Aktiva und Passiva der 
Emittentin einschließlich aller Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 
(vi) Die Emittentin stellt ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz ein. 
 
 
(vii) Die Emittentin veräußert ihr gesamtes oder wesentliche Teile ihres 
Vermögens außerhalb des gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverlaufs in einer oder 
mehreren miteinander im Zusammenhang stehenden Transaktionen an Dritte 
(die nicht Teil des Konzerns sind) und (x) dadurch wird der Wert des 
Vermögens der Emittentin (auf Konzernebene) wesentlich vermindert und (y) 
es 
wird 
dadurch 
wahrscheinlich, 
dass 
die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann. 
 
 
(viii) Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) tritt ein in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (iii) bis (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ein. 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
im 
Sinne 
dieses 
§ 9 
(1) 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung, die sich (i) aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, (ii) einer 
Geldaufnahme durch Darlehen oder (iii) einer durch ein Kreditinstitut zur Verfügung 
gestellten sonstigen Geldaufnahme ergibt. 
 
 
(2) Kündigungserklärungen und andere Mitteilungen. Eine Kündigungserklärung 
oder eine andere Mitteilung gemäß diesem § 9 ist unwiderruflich und hat gemäß 
§ [13] ([⚫]) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
(3) Heilung. Das Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem 
§ 9 erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) wird

--- Page 103 ---
103 
eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9 
(1) (i) oder § 9 (1) (iv) bis § 9 (1) (vi) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von 
mindestens 10 Prozent des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. Im Falle einer 
Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) gelten die Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 9 (4) entsprechend in den Fällen, in denen ein in § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) 
genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin 
eintritt. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger eine andere Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90 Prozent von der Emittentin gehalten werden, als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen (die "Nachfolgeemittentin"), sofern: 
 
 
(i) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt, und 
 
 
(ii) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin sämtliche sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die 
Notwendigkeit einer Einbehaltung irgendwelcher Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle erfüllen sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne 
Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle transferieren kann und sie 
insbesondere jede hierfür notwendige Genehmigung der Behörden ihres 
Landes erhalten hat, und 
 
 
(iii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm infolge der Schuldübernahme 
durch die Nachfolgeemittentin auferlegt werden und die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müssen, und 
 
 
(iv) die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die so von der Nachfolgeemittentin 
zu übernehmenden Verpflichtungen garantiert, und 
 
 
(v) der Emissionsstelle ein Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung der Ersetzung. Eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] mitzuteilen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede 
Nennung der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeemittentin 
bezogen und jede Nennung der Bundesrepublik Deutschland in § 5 (2) und § 7 als 
auf das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) und § 7 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) und § 9 (1) (iii) bis (vii) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeemittentin).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in 
Bezug auf die 
Änderung der 
Bedingungen und 
die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung 
finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz (das "SchVG")) durch einen Beschluss mit der in 
§ 11 (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand 
eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen 
für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über 
die in § 5 Absatz 3 SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch welche 
der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Das Stimmrecht ruht für jegliche Schuldverschreibungen, solange 
diese Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 Handelsgesetzbuch) zustehen oder für Rechnung 
der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten werden. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 
Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") 
für alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist [Namen und Adresse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist 
auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Mitteilungen. Mitteilungen, die diesen § 11 betreffen, erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Ausgabetags, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse 
dies 
verlangen, 
sind 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form auf 
der Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) zu 
veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten 
werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach § [13] (1) rechtlich 
nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
§ [13] (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem 
geregelten Markt 
einer Wert-
papierbörse zum 
Handel 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
([⚫]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, gelten 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle 
(zur Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder englischen 
Sprache übergeben oder übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die 
Emittentin zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend 
definiert), bei der der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder (ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise 
erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des SchVG Anwendung finden 
sollen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
,vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach dem SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
OPTION 
II 
– 
Bedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN 
 
 
(1) 
Währung, 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Sixt SE (die "Emittentin") werden in [festgelegte 
Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Im Fall, dass die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 (4)] 
von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") 
begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber und sind durch eine 
oder mehrere Globalurkunden verbrieft (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde"). 
 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch gegen Dauerglobalurkunde. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Der 
Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
wird durch die maßgebliche Dauerglobalurkunde mitverbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde werden jeweils von oder im 
Namen der Emittentin unterschrieben und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
an 
einem 
Tag 
gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
in 
der 
in 
dem 
vorstehenden 
Unterabsatz 
(a) 
vorgesehenen Form und unter den dort aufgestellten Voraussetzungen 
ausgetauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Ausgabetag (wie in § 3 
(1) definiert) der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
nur in dem Umfang erfolgen, in dem Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht vorgelegt werden, denen zufolge der oder die wirtschaftliche(n) 
Eigentümer 
der 
durch 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-Personen ist (sind) (ausgenommen 
bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute 
oder 
bestimmte 
Person(en), 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen 
auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte 
Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Ausgabetag 
der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem § 1 (3) (b) 
auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, 
die 
im 
Austausch 
für 
die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
zu liefern. Für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte 
Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (die 
Puerto Rico, die U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands umfassen). 
 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
wird von einem oder für ein Clearingsystem verwahrt. "Clearingsystem" bedeutet 
[Im Fall von mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] 
Folgendes: [Clearstream Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brüssel, Belgien ("Euroclear")] 
[(CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) 
sind 
ein 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung 
mit 
dem 
Betrag 
der 
so 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis des Inhalts des Registers des 
betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
auf 
die 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
nach dieser Eintragung wird der gesamte Nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs eingetragenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen. 
Bei Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und falls die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle (common depositary) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber 
eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an der 
Globalurkunde, der bzw. das in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen des 
Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger übertragen werden kann. 
 
 
(6) Geschäftstag. In diesen Bedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen 
abwickeln und für den allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels 
in Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System, das von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird (oder ein 
Nachfolgesystem) ("T2") für die Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist]. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS UND NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht nachrangige und nicht

--- Page 110 ---
110 
besicherte Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die im gleichen Rang untereinander 
und im gleichen Rang mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen nicht 
nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin stehen, mit 
Ausnahme 
solcher 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen bevorrechtigt sind. 
 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
geschuldeten Beträge der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
 
 
(i) 
keine 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
einschließlich 
dafür 
übernommener 
Garantien 
oder 
anderer 
dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen, durch Grund- und Mobiliarpfandrechte, 
sonstige Pfandrechte oder dingliche Sicherheiten (solche Grund- und 
Mobiliarpfandrechte, sonstige Pfandrechte und dingliche Sicherheiten, die 
"Dinglichen Sicherheiten") an der Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte zu besichern oder solche 
Dinglichen Sicherheiten als Sicherheit fortbestehen zu lassen, und 
 
 
(ii) soweit 
gesetzlich 
zulässig 
sicherzustellen, 
dass 
keine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien oder anderer dafür 
übernommener Gewährleistungen durch Dingliche Sicherheiten an der 
Gesamtheit oder einem Teil ihrer gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Vermögenswerte besichert oder solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten fortbestehen 
lässt, 
 
 
ohne gleichzeitig oder zuvor die Gläubiger für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen in gleichem Rang und Umfang an solchen Dinglichen 
Sicherheiten teilnehmen zu lassen. 
 
 
(b) Ausgenommen von den Beschränkungen in § 2 (2) (a) sind jedoch Dingliche 
Sicherheiten, (i) die aufgrund zwingender gesetzlicher Vorschriften oder als 
Voraussetzung für behördliche oder staatliche Genehmigungen oder 
Erlaubnisse bestellt wurden oder zu bestellen sind, oder (ii) die im Rahmen von 
Asset-Backed-Finanzierungen oder Factoring-Finanzierungen bestellt wurden 
oder bestellt werden, oder (iii) die zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs von 
Vermögenswerten bereits an solchen Vermögenswerten bestehen, soweit 
solche Dinglichen Sicherheiten nicht im Zusammenhang mit dem Erwerb oder 
in Erwartung des Erwerbs des jeweiligen Vermögenswerts bestellt wurden und 
der durch die Dinglichen Sicherheiten besicherte Betrag nicht nach Erwerb des 
betreffenden Vermögenswerts erhöht wird, oder (iv) die der Erneuerung, 
Verlängerung oder Ersetzung irgendeiner Dinglichen Sicherheit gemäß 
vorstehenden (i) bis (iii) dienen, sowie (v) die Forderungen aus 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten einschließlich dafür übernommener Garantien 
oder anderer dafür übernommener Gewährleistungen bis zu einem 
aggregierten Gesamtbetrag in Höhe von Euro 10.000.000 besichern. 
 
 
(c) "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
bestehende 
oder 
zukünftige Verbindlichkeit (gleich ob Kapital, Aufgeld, Zinsen oder andere 
Beträge) bezüglich Geldaufnahmen in Form von, oder verbrieft durch, 
Wertpapiere, sofern sie an einer Börse oder einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert sind oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, und 
Schuldscheine oder Schuldscheindarlehen. 
 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft 
der Emittentin, (i) an der die Emittentin direkt oder indirekt mehr als 50 Prozent 
des Kapitals oder der Stimmrechte hält und (ii) (a) deren Umsatzerlöse gemäß 
ihrem letzten nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss (erstellt nach GAAP, 
jedoch ohne Berücksichtigung von Umsatzerlösen mit verbundenen 
Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses

--- Page 111 ---
111 
der Emittentin verwendet wurde, mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten 
Umsatzerlöse 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
ihrem 
letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss (IFRS) betragen haben oder (b) deren Bilanzsumme 
gemäß ihrem letzten nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss (erstellt nach 
GAAP, nach Eliminierung von Beteiligungen an Tochtergesellschaften und von 
Forderungen gegen verbundene Unternehmen), der für die Zwecke des 
letzten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der Emittentin verwendet wurde, 
mindestens 10 Prozent der konsolidierten Bilanzsumme der Emittentin gemäß 
ihrem letzten geprüften Konzernabschluss (IFRS) betragen hat.  
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Sofern 
für 
mehrere 
Tochtergesellschaften 
kein 
Einzelabschluss sondern ausschließlich ein Teilkonzernabschluss erstellt wird 
und die in dem Teilkonzernabschluss ausgewiesenen Umsatzerlöse (ohne 
Berücksichtigung von Umsatzerlösen durch Geschäfte mit verbundenen 
Unternehmen) oder Bilanzsumme (ohne Berücksichtigung von Beteiligungen 
an und von Forderungen gegen Tochtergesellschaften) die in den 
vorstehenden litt. (ii) (a) oder (b) in dieser Definition von "Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaften" genannten Grenzwerte überschreiten, wird unterstellt, 
dass alle in den Teilkonzernabschluss einbezogenen Tochtergesellschaften 
diese Werte überschreiten. Soweit Umsatzerlöse aus dem Verkauf von 
Fahrzeugen 
nach 
IFRS 
im 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
nicht 
als 
Umsatzerlöse ausgewiesen werden, sind Umsatzerlöse aus dem Verkauf von 
Fahrzeugen im jeweiligen nicht konsolidierten Jahresabschluss bzw. 
Teilkonzernabschluss ebenfalls nicht als Umsatzerlöse zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"GAAP" bezeichnet allgemein anerkannte Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (einschließlich IFRS) und im Hinblick auf eine 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
die 
allgemein 
anerkannten 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze in der Rechtsordnung, nach deren Recht die 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gegründet wurde (einschließlich IFRS). 
 
 
"IFRS" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Internationalen 
Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). 
 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine Gesellschaft, die ein von der 
Emittentin unmittelbar oder mittelbar abhängiges Unternehmen im Sinne des 
§ 17 Aktiengesetz und im Konzernabschluss der Emittentin vollkonsolidiert ist. 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der Grundlage ihres ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der 
"Ausgabetag" 
oder 
der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert) (ausschließlich). Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind [vierteljährlich] [halbjährlich] [jährlich] im Nachhinein 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungs-
tagen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen].]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(soweit diese Bedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils 
der Tag, der [relevante Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag oder, im Falle 
des ersten Zinszahlungstags [(hierbei handelt es sich um den [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen])], nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 
(4) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen. 
 
 
"Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, mit Bezug auf (i) [im Fall einer kurzen ersten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die kurze erste Zinsperiode vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen ersten 
Zinsperiode ist Folgendes anwendbar: die lange erste Zinsperiode vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer kurzen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: [die kurze letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)] [im Fall einer langen letzten Zinsperiode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: die lange letzte Zinsperiode von dem letzten, dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)] den durch lineare Interpolation zwischen dem [ersten relevanten 
Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) 
und dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert) festgestellten Kurs, und (ii) alle anderen 
Zinsperioden den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation nicht 
anwendbar ist] (wie nachstehend definiert) (zusammen mit dem Referenzzinssatz 
für die [kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je 
ein "Referenzzinssatz") jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem [ersten relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen] [,] [und] dem [zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich 
Laufzeit) einfügen] [[,] [und] dem [falls der relevante Referenzzinssatz, der auf 
alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist, 
nicht mit dem ersten oder zweiten relevanten Referenzzinssatz identisch ist, 
ist dieser Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) einzufügen]] handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Kurs für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, 
die der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[anderes relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall, dass 
Interpolation nicht 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) erfolgen.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
"Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes 
bestimmt wird, den [relevanten Referenzzinssatz (einschließlich Laufzeit) 
einfügen] (wie nachstehend definiert), als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt. 
 
 
Bei dem "[relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen]" handelt es sich um den Kurs 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der Laufzeit des 
Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen [11.00] [andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([Brüsseler] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
"Feststellungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] [andere relevante Zahl an 
Tagen einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] [(wie in § 1 (6) definiert)] [vor [Beginn] 
[Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [falls eine von der generellen Definition des 
Begriffs "Geschäftstag" abweichende Definition benötigt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Nur im Rahmen dieses § 1 (2) bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [[falls T2 bereits definiert wurde, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: T2] [falls T2 noch nicht definiert wurde, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: das Real-time Gross Settlement System, das von dem 
Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein Nachfolgesystem) ("T2")] für die Abwicklung 
von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist] [[und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[alle relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind].] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich nicht 
ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
eine Marge haben, 
die sich ändert, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
 
 
vom  
bis zum  
 
[Datum einfügen] 
(einschließlich) 
[Datum einfügen] 
(ausschließlich) 
[Marge einfügen] % 
per annum] 
 
 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet (i) [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] oder 
(ii) diejenige andere Bildschirmseite, die diese Bildschirmseite bei dem von 
[relevanten Informationsanbieter einfügen] betriebenen Dienst ersetzt, oder 
(iii) diejenige Bildschirmseite desjenigen anderen Dienstes, der von der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatz-Informationsanbieter für die Anzeige des relevanten 
Satzes benannt wird. 
 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite abgeschafft werden oder nicht mehr zur Verfügung stehen, 
oder wird der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag 
nicht auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt und vorausgesetzt, dass kein Ersatzrate-

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Ereignis gemäß § 3 ([8]) eingetreten ist, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder der 
Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren Kurs (als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), zu dem sie Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, 
die der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: relevanten] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der 
relevanten Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) lauten, gegenüber führenden Banken im [alle relevanten 
Finanzzentren einfügen] Interbanken-Markt [der Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert)] um ca. [11.00] [andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[alle relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten, 
anfordern. Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Kurse nennen, ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für diese Zinsperiode das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005] [falls der Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, ist das Folgende 
anwendbar: Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Kurse, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 
Falls an einem Feststellungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Kurse nennt, ist 
der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005] [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005] aufgerundet wird) der der 
Berechnungsstelle auf deren Abfrage hin mitgeteilten Kurse ermittelt, zu denen 
führende, von der Berechnungsstelle (in gutem Glauben handelnd) ausgewählte 
Großbanken [in [relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen]] [im [relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbanken-Markt 
[der 
Euro-Zone]] 
führenden 
europäischen Banken Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
[relevanten]] Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, und die am ersten Tag der relevanten 
Zinsperiode beginnen und über einen repräsentativen Betrag lauten, um ca. [11.00] 
[andere relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr ([Brüsseler] [anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) am [Feststellungstag] [ersten Tag der 
relevanten Zinsperiode] anbieten. Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] Referenzzinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, 
ist der [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz der Kurs auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an 
dem letzten Tag vor dem Feststellungstag, an dem dieser Kurs angezeigt wurde. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [[vier] [andere relevante Zahl einfügen] Großban-
ken im [relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-Zone]] 
[falls in den Endgültigen Bedingungen Referenzbanken bestimmt werden, 
sind die Namen der Referenzbanken einzufügen]. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen Betrag, der zu der relevanten Zeit in 
dem relevanten Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
Im 
Fall 
des 
Interbanken-
Marktes der Euro-
Zone 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
["Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die den Euro als einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden.]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindest- und/oder 
ein Höchstzins-
satzes ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der 
Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall eines 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
[Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum, so ist der Zinssatz 
für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz einfügen] % per annum.] 
 
 
([4]) Verzugszinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Satzes für Verzugszinsen1 verzinst. 
 
 
([5]) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der relevante Zinssatz zu bestimmen 
ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die 
festgelegte Stückelung für die relevante Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
berechnet, indem der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) multipliziert 
und das hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste Untereinheit der 
festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
 
 
([6]) Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
veranlassen, dass die Zinsperiode, der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag und der 
Zinszahlungstag für die relevante Zinsperiode der Emittentin, jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] baldmöglichst 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) 
werden. 
Jede 
solche 
Anpassung 
wird 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern 
gemäß § [13] mitgeteilt. 
 
 
([7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Berechnungsstelle oder einem Unabhängigen Berater für die Zwecke dieses 
§ 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine 
vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, 
haftet die Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, 
etwaigen Zahlstellen oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung 
 
1 Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen.  
 
 
([8]) (a) Ersatzrate. Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle) 
fest, dass vor oder an einem Feststellungstag ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, wird die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle (i) die Ersatzrate, (ii) eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen zur Bestimmung des 
Referenzzinssatzes für die auf den Feststellungstag bezogene Zinsperiode und jede 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode (vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden Eintretens etwaiger 
weiterer Ersatzrate-Ereignisse) festlegen und die Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die 
Berechnungsstelle darüber informieren. Diese Bedingungen werden mit Wirkung ab 
dem relevanten Feststellungstag (einschließlich) durch die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
geändert (einschließlich einer etwaigen Änderung dieses Feststellungstags, falls die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Der Referenzzinssatz ist dann die 
Ersatzrate 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
angepasst 
durch 
eine 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
und die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung 
gemäß § [13] mitteilen. Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass keine Zustimmung 
oder Genehmigung seitens eines Gläubigers für die Wirksamkeit der Ersatzrate, 
einer etwaigen Anpassungsspanne und die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen erforderlich ist. 
 
 
Darüber hinaus kann die Emittentin [falls CBF das relevante Clearingsystem ist, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Clearingsystem auffordern] [falls CBL und 
Euroclear die relevanten Clearingsysteme sind und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: die gemeinsame Verwahrstelle (common 
depositary) auffordern, im Namen von CBL und Euroclear] [falls CBL und 
Euroclear die relevanten Clearingsysteme sind und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den common safekeeper auffordern, im 
Namen von CBL und Euroclear], diese Bedingungen zu ergänzen oder zu ändern, 
um die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, indem sie der Globalurkunde die 
vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
 
 
(b) Definitionen. 
 
 
"Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet eine Differenz (die positiv oder negativ sein oder 
auch Null betragen kann) oder eine Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer 
solchen Differenz, welche nach Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf 
die Ersatzrate anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes 
zwischen der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der 
Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch die Ersatzrate entstehen würde 
(einschließlich, aber ohne hierauf begrenzt zu sein, infolgedessen, dass die 
Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren 
oder auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung der Anpassungsspanne sind die 
Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- oder andere Rate, die entwickelt wurde, damit Finanzinstrumente oder 
-kontrakte, einschließlich der Schuldverschreibungen, sie in Bezug nehmen können, 
um einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten oder -kontrakten zahlbaren Betrag zu 
bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrags. Bei der 
Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" bezeichnet solche Anpassungen dieser Bedingungen, 
die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen 
(wovon 
unter 
anderem 
Anpassungen 
an 
der 
anwendbaren 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
(Business 
Day 
Convention), 
der 
Definition von 
Geschäftstag, am Feststellungstag, am Zinstagequotienten oder jeder Methode oder

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Definition, um die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein können). 
Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten Leitlinien zu 
berücksichtigen. 
 
 
"Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet mit Bezug auf den Referenzzinssatz (bzw. für die 
Zwecke dieses § 3 ([8]) (a) und (b) die Ersatzrate) eines der nachfolgenden 
Ereignisse: 
 
 
(i) 
der Referenzzinssatz wurde in den letzten zehn Geschäftstagen vor und bis 
einschließlich des relevanten Feststellungstags nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht; oder 
 
 
(ii) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, dass der Referenzzinssatz nicht länger 
repräsentativ ist oder ab einem bestimmten Datum nicht länger repräsentativ für 
den zugrundeliegenden Markt, den er abzubilden vorgibt, sein wird, und dass 
diese Repräsentativität nicht wiederhergestellt werden wird; oder 
 
 
(iii) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass (x) der Administrator die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beenden wird (wenn 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzzinssatzes fortsetzen wird), oder (y) der Referenzzinssatz dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird; oder 
 
 
(iv) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des Referenzzinssatzes, der Zentralbank für die festgelegte 
Währung, eines Insolvenzbeauftragten mit Zuständigkeit für den Administrator 
des Referenzzinssatzes, einer Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit für den 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes, eines Gerichts (im Fall einer 
rechtskräftigen Entscheidung) oder einer Organisation mit ähnlicher insolvenz- 
oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher 
Hoheit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass der Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes die 
Bereitstellung des Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
Veröffentlichung der Referenzzinssatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(v) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass die Nutzung des Referenzzinssatzes allgemein 
verboten werden wird; oder 
 
 
(vi) eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
seitens 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes, dass eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Festlegung des Referenzzinssatzes vorgenommen werden wird, 
 
 
vorausgesetzt, dass ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis als eingetreten gelten soll, (a) im Fall 
von (iii) und (iv) an demjenigen Tag, an dem der Referenzzinssatz beendet oder 
nicht weiter fortgeführt wird, oder (b) im Fall von (v) an demjenigen Tag, an dem die 
Nutzung des Referenzzinssatzes verboten wird, oder (c) im Fall von (vi) an 
demjenigen Tag, von dem an die wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur Festlegung 
des Referenzzinssatzes gilt. 
 
 
"Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich ist und als 
solche ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Gläubiger bestimmbar ist; oder

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(ii) andernfalls ein Unabhängiger Berater, der von der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen Bedingungen unter zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr 
Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
 
 
"Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbare 
gesetzliche 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Anforderung oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Bestimmung 
(insbesondere (jedoch nicht beschränkt auf) Bestimmungen gemäß Artikel 23 (2) 
der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung), Anforderung, 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es keine 
gibt, (iii) jede relevante Empfehlung oder Leitlinie von Branchenvereinigungen 
(einschließlich ISDA) oder, wenn es keine gibt, (iv) jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
 
 
"Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die EU-Kommission, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den 
Referenzzinssatz oder den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist; 
oder 
 
 
(ii) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (v) die EU-
Kommission, (w) die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den 
Referenzzinssatz oder den Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes zuständig ist, 
(y) eine(r) Gruppe der zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) dem/den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder einem Teil davon. 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein unabhängiges, international angesehenes 
Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Berater mit anerkanntem Ruf und 
angemessener Fachkenntnis. 
 
 
(c) Ausweichbestimmung [Im Fall eines Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und Kündigung]. Falls die Jeweilige Festlegenden Stelle 
eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
nicht gemäß § 3 ([8]) (a) und (b) bestimmen kann, wird die Emittentin die 
Berechnungsstelle hierüber informieren und ist der Referenzzinssatz in Bezug auf 
den relevanten Feststellungstag der für die unmittelbar vorangehende Zinsperiode 
bestimmte Referenzzinssatz. [Im Fall eines Kündigungsrechts der Emittentin ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bis zum jeweiligen nachfolgenden Feststellungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
jederzeit 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § [13] gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger 
bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
([9]) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung eines Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
365.]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 
360.] 
Im Fall von 
30/360, 360/360 
oder Bond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
Im Fall von 
30E/360 oder 
Eurobond Basis 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des 
ersten oder letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1)(a) Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von 
Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der 
Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4 (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
§ 4 (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 (3) (b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen ansonsten auf einen Tag fiele, der kein Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
Im Fall von 
Modified 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt (Modified Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Floating Rate 
Note Business 
Day Convention 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird (i) der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt, und ist (ii) jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag (sofern 
anwendbar) der jeweils letzte Zahltag des Monats, der [[relevante Zahl einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zinsperiode einfügen]] nach dem vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag (sofern anwendbar) liegt (Floating Rate Note Business Day 
Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Tag verschoben, bei dem es sich um einen Zahltag 
handelt (Following Business Day Convention).] 
Im Fall von 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Tag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um einen 
Zahltag handelt (Preceding Business Day Convention).] 
 
 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist und (ii) [der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist] [an dem [Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen abwickeln und für den 
allgemeinen Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in Devisen und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet sind] [[und] [Im Fall, dass T2 bereits definiert 
wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: T2] [Im Fall, dass T2 noch nicht definiert 
wurde, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Real-time Gross Settlement System, das 
von dem Eurosystem betrieben wird, (oder ein Nachfolgesystem) ("T2")] für die 
Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro geöffnet ist]. 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention und Preceding Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention und 
Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach 
hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag entsprechend angepasst.] 
Im Fall, dass der 
Zinsbetrag nicht 
angepasst 
werden soll, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [Im Fall 
von Modified Following Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note 
Business Day Convention und Preceding Business Day Convention ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: vorgezogen wird] [oder] [Im Fall von Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention und 
Following Business Day Convention ist Folgendes anwendbar: sich nach 
hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht entsprechend angepasst.]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Falls 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Rückzahlung 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
zusätzliche Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Anpassung zu verlangen. Zur Klarstellung 
wird festgestellt, dass diese Bestimmung keine Auswirkung auf eine etwaige 
Anpassung einer Zahlung von Zinsen in Übereinstimmung mit dem vorstehenden 
Satz haben soll. 
 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen 
auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 (1) 
angegeben); [Im Fall, dass die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben);] sowie jedes Aufgeld und sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge (außer Zinsen). Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Bedingungen auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in § 7 
definiert) ein. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem relevanten 
Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht im 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt und auf das 
Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
(vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen) zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im Fall eines festgelegten 
Fälligkeitstags 
diesen 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat einfügen] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem [Im 
Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt 
werden, einfügen: Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung] [ansonsten den 
Festgelegten Rückzahlungsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung einfügen, 
der nicht niedriger als der Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung sein darf]. 
 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen.  
 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann die Schuldverschreibungen an einem Zinszahlungstag 
(vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in Unterabsatz (b)) insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, nach ihrer Wahl mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 
Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen durch Erklärung gemäß Unterabsatz (c) 
gegenüber den Gläubigern kündigen und an einem von ihr anzugebenden Tag 
(der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Steuern)") zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Steuern) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Gesetze oder Vorschriften der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland (oder für den Fall, dass die Emittentin gemäß § 7 (3) einer 
anderen 
Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen 
wird, 
der 
Gesetze 
oder 
Vorschriften dieser anderen Steuerrechtsordnung), die Steuern oder die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Abgaben jeglicher Art betreffen, oder als Folge 
einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der offiziellen Auslegung oder Anwendung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Ausgabetag wirksam) am nächstfolgenden

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Zinszahlungstag zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen verpflichtet sein wird 
und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann, die nach Auffassung der 
Emittentin zumutbar sind. 
 
 
(b) Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem 
frühestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig wäre, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben:  
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
den Wahlrückzahlungstag (Steuern); und 
 
 
(iii) eine zusammenfassende Erklärung, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht 
der Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt oder teilweise an [dem] [den] Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[en] (Call) zu [dem] [den] Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[beträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
[maßgeblichen] Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
einfügen] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] [beträge] 
(Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge 
(Call) einfügen] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [15] [andere Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die nicht 
weniger als 5 Tage betragen darf] Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
mitzuteilen. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie insgesamt oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird, 
und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); und 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wird die 
teilweise Rückzahlung in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des relevanten

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Clearingsystems durchgeführt. [Im Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Die 
teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und Euroclear nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin ([Two] 
[Three] Months 
Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) 
anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call). 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: (ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Rückzahlung der Gläubiger bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 
([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, innerhalb des Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) 
zum Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two 
Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, 
dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months 
Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Tag 
(einschließlich), der [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: zwei] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: drei] Monate vor dem Fälligkeitstag liegt, bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag innerhalb des Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums ([Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Two Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Three Months Par 
Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Three] Months Par 
Call), 
an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
erfolgen 
wird 
(der 
"Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag ([Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Two Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes

--- Page 124 ---
124 
anwendbar: Two] [Im Fall, dass Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin (Three Months Par Call) anwendbar ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Three] Months Par Call)").]  
Im Fall, dass 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl der 
Emittentin (bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnenn-
betrag der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen) 
anwendbar ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen.  
(a) Falls Schuldverschreibungen von 80 % oder mehr des Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft oder von einer Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin angekauft 
wurden, kann die Emittentin, nachdem sie gemäß Unterabsatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die übrigen Schuldverschreibungen [im Fall, dass Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(ausgenommen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Rückzahlung der Gläubiger 
bereits in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5 ([6]) verlangt hat)] insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
kündigen 
und 
zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
(b)  Die Kündigung ist von der Emittentin gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen mitzuteilen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) den Tag, an dem die Rückzahlung erfolgen wird (der "Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (geringer ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen)").]  
Im Fall, dass die 
Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen im Falle 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ihrer 
Schuldverschreib
ungen verlangen 
können, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[([6])Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so ist jeder Gläubiger 
berechtigt, von der Emittentin die vollständige oder teilweise Rückzahlung der 
von 
ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen 
(das 
"Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht"). 
Dieses 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht ist wie in den Unterabsätzen (b) bis (c) 
beschrieben 
auszuüben. 
Für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts hat die Emittentin das Recht, wahlweise, 
anstelle der vollständigen oder teilweisen Rückzahlung der betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, den vollständigen oder teilweisen Ankauf (oder die 
Veranlassung eines Ankaufs) der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen jeweils 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen, innerhalb von 
drei Tagen, nachdem der Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist, zu erklären. 
 
Ein "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet den Fall, dass eine Person oder Personen, 
die im Sinne von § 34 Absatz 2 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz ("WpHG") 
abgestimmt handeln, nach dem Ausgabetag Kontrolle über die Emittentin 
erwirbt oder erwerben. 
 
 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet ein direktes oder indirektes rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum (jeweils im Sinne des § 34 WpHG) von 
Stammaktien, die zusammen mehr als 30 Prozent der Stimmrechte der 
Emittentin gewähren.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
"Person" bezeichnet jede natürliche Person, Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, 
Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, Unternehmung, Zusammenschluss, 
Organisation, Fonds, Staat oder staatliche Einheit, unabhängig davon, ob es 
sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt oder nicht, aber unter 
Ausschluss (i) verbundener Tochterunternehmen der Emittentin im Sinne der 
§§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz, (ii) Erich Sixt, (iii) seiner Verwandten in gerader 
Linie, (iv) seiner Ehegattin oder Ehegatten/-innen seiner Verwandten gerader 
Linie, (v) einer Sixt-Familienstiftung und/oder (vi) einer/eines von den unter (ii) 
bis (v) genannten Personen im Sinne der §§ 15 bis 18 Aktiengesetz 
beherrschten Gesellschaft, Vereinigung, Firma, Partnerschaft, Joint Venture, 
Unternehmung, Organisation, Fonds oder sonstigen Zusammenschlusses, 
unabhängig davon, ob es sich um eine selbständige juristische Person handelt 
oder nicht. 
 
 
(b) Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein, so teilt die Emittentin dies unverzüglich, nachdem 
sie davon Kenntnis erlangt hat, den Gläubigern gemäß § [13] mit (eine 
"Kontrollwechselmitteilung") und gibt dabei die Art des Kontrollwechsels 
und das in diesem § 5 ([6]) vorgesehene Verfahren zur Ausübung des 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts an (mit Angaben zum Clearingsystem-
Konto der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke von Unterabsatz (c)(ii) dieses § 5 
([6])). 
 
 
(c) Zur Ausübung des Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrechts muss der Gläubiger an 
einem Geschäftstag innerhalb des Ausübungszeitraums (i) bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte und unterzeichnete Ausübungserklärung in der jeweils bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlichen 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
einreichen 
(die 
"Gläubigerausübungserklärung") und (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einreichen, 
für 
die 
der 
Gläubiger 
sein 
Gläubigerrückzahlungswahlrecht 
ausüben 
möchte, 
und 
zwar 
durch 
Übertragung dieser Schuldverschreibungen auf das Clearingsystem-Konto 
der 
Emissionsstelle. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
betreffende(n) 
Schuldverschreibung(en) am siebten Tag nach dem Tag, an dem der 
Ausübungszeitraum abgelaufen ist (der "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put)"), 
zurückzahlen oder nach ihrer Wahl ankaufen (oder ankaufen lassen), soweit 
sie nicht bereits vorher zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet wurde(n). 
Die Zahlung in Bezug auf solchermaßen eingereichte Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt gemäß den üblichen Verfahren über das Clearingsystem. Eine einmal 
abgegebene Gläubigerausübungserklärung ist unwiderruflich. 
 
 
"Ausübungszeitraum" bezeichnet (x) einen Zeitraum von 30 Tagen nachdem 
die Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, vorausgesetzt, dass 
kein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, stattfindet und (y) sofern 
ein Zinszahlungstag innerhalb des Zeitraums von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Kontrollwechselmitteilung bekanntgegeben wurde, stattfindet, einen Zeitraum 
von 30 Tagen nach diesem Zinszahlungstag.] 
 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[, DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstellen. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Emissionsstelle [, die anfänglich bestellte[n] [Zahlstelle[n]] und die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie 
folgt:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
Emissionsstelle:  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 
 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
 
 
 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
 
 
 
Deutschland 
 
 
[Zahlstelle[n]: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[im Fall, dass die Emissionsstelle auch als Zahlstelle fungieren soll, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch 
diejenigen einer Zahlstelle.] 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben Stadt zu ersetzen. 
 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle [, der Zahlstelle[n]] und der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle [, 
andere [oder zusätzliche] Zahlstellen] oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen: [,] 
[und] (ii), solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Namen der relevanten 
Börse einfügen] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (bei der es sich um die 
Emissionsstelle handeln kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der 
relevanten Börse oder gegebenenfalls das Land, in dem sich die relevante 
Börse befindet, einfügen] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, wie es 
die in diesem Fall anwendbaren Regeln verlangen] [im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. 
Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] ([iii]) falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch 
die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1 
definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
U.S. 
Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, und vorausgesetzt, dass eine solche Zahlung nach den 
Gesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten zulässig ist, ohne dass damit nach Ansicht der 
Emittentin nachteilige Steuerfolgen für die Emittentin verbunden sind, eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City] und ([iv]) eine 
Berechnungsstelle [Im Fall, dass die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen 
Ort einfügen]] unterhalten. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger von jeder Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich nach 
Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
einem solchen sonstigen Wechsel benachrichtigen. 
 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle [, die Zahlstelle[n]] und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern, und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die 
von der Emissionsstelle für die Zwecke dieser Bedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, 
kein böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Zahlstelle[n] und die Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der vorstehend 
genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Emissionsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder 
Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
 
(1) Zahlungen ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern. Sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
an der Quelle auferlegt oder erhoben werden (nachstehend zusammen 
"Quellensteuern" genannt), es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
 
 
(2) Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge. Ist ein Einbehalt oder Abzug in Bezug auf zu 
zahlende Beträge auf die Schuldverschreibungen gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") 
an Kapital und Zinsen zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern empfangen worden wären. Die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
Zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche Steuern und Abgaben, 
 
 
(a) die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als 
dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder Zinsen einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt, oder 
 
 
(b) die wegen gegenwärtiger oder früherer persönlicher oder geschäftlicher 
Beziehungen des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen 
sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke 
der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind, oder 
 
 
(c) die durch eine Zahlstelle von einer Zahlung einzubehalten sind, wenn die 
Zahlung von einer anderen Zahlstelle ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte vorgenommen werden können, oder 
 
 
(d) die aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union 
betreffend 
die 
Besteuerung 
von 
Zinserträgen 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) 
einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder 
Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind, oder 
 
 
(e) deren Einbehalt oder Abzug ein Gläubiger oder ein in dessen Namen 
handelnder Dritter rechtmäßig hätte vermeiden können (ihn aber nicht 
vermieden 
hat), 
indem 
er 
die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet 
(insbesondere die einschlägigen Berichts- und Nachweispflichten bezüglich 
der Staatsangehörigkeit, des Wohnsitzes oder der Identität des Gläubigers) 
oder sicherstellt, dass jeder im Namen des Gläubigers handelnde Dritte die 
gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften 
beachtet, 
oder 
indem 
er 
eine 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung abgibt oder den Dritten veranlasst, eine solche 
Erklärung abzugeben oder einen anderen Steuerbefreiungsanspruch 
gegenüber den Steuerbehörden geltend macht, oder 
 
 
(f) 
die aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zahlbar sind, die später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies 
später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § [13] wirksam wird.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Zur Klarstellung wird festgehalten, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene der Depotbank 
erhobene 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
zuzüglich 
des 
darauf 
anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend 
beschriebenen Art darstellen, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu 
zahlen wären. 
 
 
Falls aufgrund einer Änderung der Rechtslage die in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland gemäß dem zum Ausgabetag geltenden Steuerrecht auf der Ebene 
der Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer zuzüglich des darauf anfallenden 
Solidaritätszuschlags sowie Kirchensteuer, soweit eine solche im Wege des 
Steuerabzugs erhoben wird, künftig auf Ebene der Emittentin zu erheben sind, 
stellen auch diese keine Steuern oder Abgaben der vorstehend beschriebenen Art 
dar, für die von der Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen wären. 
 
 
(3) Andere Steuerrechtsordnung. Falls die Emittentin zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
einer 
anderen 
Steuerrechtsordnung 
als 
der 
gegenwärtig 
maßgeblichen 
Steuerrechtsordnung der Emittentin oder einer zusätzlichen Steuerrechtsordnung 
unterworfen wird, sollen die Bezugnahmen in diesem § 7 auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als Bezugnahmen auf die dann auf die Emittentin anwendbare 
Rechtsordnung und/oder diese anderen Rechtsordnungen gelesen und ausgelegt 
werden. 
 
 
(4) FATCA. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von den nach Maßgabe der 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger oder einen wirtschaftlich Berechtigten 
der Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträgen diejenigen Mittel in 
ausreichender Höhe für die Zahlung von Beträgen einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, 
zu deren Einbehalt oder Abzug sie (a) gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code von 1986 und damit zusammenhängenden Verordnungen 
oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien (die "U.S. Bestimmungen"), (b) gemäß einem 
Abkommen, einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung oder sonstigen amtlichen Richtlinien, 
das bzw. die in einem anderen Staat besteht bzw. bestehen und der Umsetzung 
der U.S. Bestimmungen dient bzw. dienen (die "ausländischen Bestimmungen"), 
(c) gemäß einem zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten 
und einem anderen Staat, der der Umsetzung der U.S. Bestimmungen dient (ein 
"zwischenstaatlicher Vertrag"), oder (d) gemäß einer Vereinbarung, die die 
Emittentin, eine Zahlstelle oder ein Intermediär zwecks Umsetzung der U.S. 
Bestimmungen, der ausländischen Bestimmungen oder eines zwischenstaatlichen 
Vertrags mit dem U.S. Internal Revenue Service, der Regierung der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer staatlichen Behörde oder Steuerbehörde in einem anderen 
Staat geschlossen hat (zusammen mit den U.S. Bestimmungen, den ausländischen 
Bestimmungen und einem jeden zwischenstaatlichen Vertrag, "FATCA"), 
verpflichtet ist. Die Emittentin ist nicht zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
aufgrund von durch die Emittentin oder einen Intermediär in Übereinstimmung mit 
FATCA einbehaltenen oder abgezogenen Beträgen verpflichtet. 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Tritt nach dem Ausgabetag ein Kündigungsgrund ein, so 
kann jeder Gläubiger (vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen in § 9 (3) und § 9 (4)) seine 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Abgabe einer Erklärung gemäß § 9 (2) kündigen und 
deren unverzügliche Rückzahlung zu ihrem Nennbetrag zusammen mit allen nicht 
gezahlten Zinsen, die bis zum tatsächlichen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
aufgelaufen sind, verlangen. Jedes der folgenden Ereignisse stellt einen 
"Kündigungsgrund" dar: 
 
 
(i) 
Die Emittentin zahlt Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
innerhalb von 15 Tagen, nachdem eine Zahlung in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig ist. 
 
 
(ii) 
Die Emittentin unterlässt die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen 
Verpflichtung aus den Schuldverschreibungen und diese Unterlassung dauert 
länger als 30 Tage fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle hierüber eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat. 
 
 
(iii) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft erfüllt eine oder 
mehrere Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber Dritten (die nicht Teil des 
Konzerns sind) in einer aggregierten Höhe von mehr als Euro 25.000.000, die 
sich (i) aus einer Finanzverbindlichkeit oder (ii) aus einer Garantie oder einer 
Bürgschaft, die für eine Finanzverbindlichkeit Dritter gegeben wurde, ergibt, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie 
nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
schriftlicher 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie, oder solche 
Finanzverbindlichkeiten werden in entsprechender Höhe aufgrund des Eintritts 
eines außerordentlichen Kündigungsgrunds vorzeitig fällig gestellt und nicht 
innerhalb von fünf Geschäftstagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit erfüllt. 
 
 
(iv) Die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft ist zahlungsunfähig 
(im Sinne von § 17 Insolvenzordnung (die "InsO")) oder überschuldet (im 
Sinne von § 19 InsO) (oder in einem nach den Gesetzen der maßgeblichen 
nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion entsprechenden Zustand) oder stellt ihre 
Zahlungen generell ein, oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft stellt aus den in den §§ 17 bis 19 InsO genannten 
Gründen einen Antrag auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens (oder eines 
nach den Gesetzen der maßgeblichen nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion 
entsprechenden Verfahrens), oder das zuständige Gericht trifft eine der in § 21 
InsO vorgesehenen Maßnahmen (oder eine der in den Gesetzen der 
maßgeblichen nicht-deutschen Jurisdiktion vorgesehenen entsprechenden 
Maßnahmen) oder es wird ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft über deren Vermögen eröffnet. 
 
 
(v) 
Die Emittentin tritt in Liquidation, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Umwandlung und die andere oder neue Gesellschaft übernimmt im 
Wesentlichen alle Aktiva und Passiva der Emittentin einschließlich aller 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 
(vi) Die Emittentin stellt ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz ein. 
 
 
(vii) Die Emittentin veräußert ihr gesamtes oder wesentliche Teile ihres Vermögens 
außerhalb des gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverlaufs in einer oder mehreren 
miteinander im Zusammenhang stehenden Transaktionen an Dritte (die nicht 
Teil des Konzerns sind) und (x) dadurch wird der Wert des Vermögens der 
Emittentin (auf Konzernebene) wesentlich vermindert und (y) es wird dadurch 
wahrscheinlich, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann. 
 
 
(viii) Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) tritt ein in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (iii) bis (vii) genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der 
Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin ein.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
"Finanzverbindlichkeit" 
im 
Sinne 
dieses 
§ 9 
(1) 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung, die sich (i) aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit, (ii) einer 
Geldaufnahme durch Darlehen oder (iii) einer durch ein Kreditinstitut zur Verfügung 
gestellten sonstigen Geldaufnahme ergibt. 
 
 
(2) Kündigungserklärungen und andere Mitteilungen. Eine Kündigungserklärung 
oder eine andere Mitteilung gemäß diesem § 9 ist unwiderruflich und hat gemäß 
§ [13] ([⚫]) zu erfolgen. 
 
 
(3) Heilung. Das Recht zur Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem 
§ 9 erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
 
 
(4) Quorum. In den Fällen gemäß § 9 (1) (ii), § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) wird 
eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in § 9 
(1) (i) oder § 9 (1) (iv) bis § 9 (1) (vi) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, wenn bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern von 
mindestens 10 Prozent des Gesamtnennbetrags der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. Im Falle einer 
Ersetzung der Emittentin im Sinne des § 10 (1) gelten die Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 9 (4) entsprechend in den Fällen, in denen ein in § 9 (1) (iii) und/oder § 9 (1) (vii) 
genanntes Ereignis bezüglich der Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin 
eintritt. 
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG DER EMITTENTIN 
 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger eine andere Gesellschaft, deren stimmberechtigte Anteile direkt oder 
indirekt zu mehr als 90 Prozent von der Emittentin gehalten werden, als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen (die "Nachfolgeemittentin"), sofern: 
 
 
(i) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt, und 
 
 
(ii) 
die Nachfolgeemittentin sämtliche sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen ohne die 
Notwendigkeit einer Einbehaltung irgendwelcher Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle erfüllen sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne 
Beschränkungen an die Emissionsstelle transferieren kann und sie 
insbesondere jede hierfür notwendige Genehmigung der Behörden ihres 
Landes erhalten hat, und 
 
 
(iii) die Nachfolgeemittentin sich verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm infolge der Schuldübernahme 
durch die Nachfolgeemittentin auferlegt werden und die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müssen, und 
 
 
(iv) die Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die so von der Nachfolgeemittentin 
zu übernehmenden Verpflichtungen garantiert, und 
 
 
(v) der Emissionsstelle ein Rechtsgutachten von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt wird, das bestätigt, dass die Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (iv) erfüllt wurden. 
 
 
(2) Mitteilung der Ersetzung. Eine solche Ersetzung ist gemäß § [13] mitzuteilen. 
 
 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Ersetzung gilt jede 
Nennung der Emittentin in diesen Bedingungen als auf die Nachfolgeemittentin 
bezogen und jede Nennung der Bundesrepublik Deutschland in § 5 (2) und § 7 als

--- Page 131 ---
131 
auf das Land bezogen, in dem die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
 
 
(a) in § 5 (2), § 7 (1) und § 7 (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
als 
aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich 
zu 
der 
Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeemittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); und 
 
 
(b) in § 2 (2), § 5 ([6]) und § 9 (1) (iii) bis (vii) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeemittentin). 
Im Fall, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
des Schuld-
verschreibungs-
gesetzes in 
Bezug auf die 
Änderung der 
Bedingungen und 
die Bestellung 
eines 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
Anwendung 
finden sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Gläubiger können gemäß den Bestimmungen 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz (das "SchVG")) durch einen Beschluss mit der in 
§ 11 (2) bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand 
eine Änderung dieser Bedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen 
für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % (Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte über wesentliche Änderungen der Bedingungen, insbesondere über 
die in § 5 Absatz 3 des SchVG aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Bedingungen nicht geändert wird, bedürfen zu 
ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. Das Stimmrecht ruht für jegliche Schuldverschreibungen, solange 
diese Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 Handelsgesetzbuch) zustehen oder für Rechnung 
der Emittentin oder eines mit ihr verbundenen Unternehmens gehalten werden. 
 
 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Gläubigerversammlung und eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine solche 
Versammlung durch die Emittentin finden ausschließlich im Fall des § 18 Absatz 4 
Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
 
 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von der Emittentin 
beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
 
 
(5) Stimmrecht. Jeder Gläubiger nimmt an Abstimmungen nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
 
 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den Bedingungen bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluss zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen gemeinsamen Vertreter (der "gemeinsame 
Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in den Bedingungen ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Gemeinsamer Vertreter (der "gemeinsame Vertreter") für 
alle Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist [Namen und Adresse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters einfügen]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist

--- Page 132 ---
132 
auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er 
hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der 
gemeinsame Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 
(7) Mitteilungen. Mitteilungen, die diesen § 11 betreffen, erfolgen ausschließlich 
gemäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG.] 
 
 
§ [12] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Ausgabetags, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns, des ersten Zinszahlungstags und des Ausgabepreises) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen zusammengefasst 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie (die "Serie") bilden. 
 
 
(2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung 
eingereicht werden.  
 
 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ [13] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die am 
geregelten Markt 
einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
zum Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Veröffentlichung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
sind im Bundesanzeiger und, soweit rechtlich erforderlich, in den weiteren 
gesetzlich 
bestimmten 
Medien 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind, gilt Folgendes: Wenn und 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zum 
Handel am geregelten Markt zugelassen sind und soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse dies verlangen, sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auch in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) zu veröffentlichen.] Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten 
werden, und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach § [13] (1) rechtlich 
nicht erforderlich ist, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
§ [13] (1) genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an dem 
geregelten Markt 
einer Wert-
papierbörse zum 
Handel 
zugelassen 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur 
Weiterleitung durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als wirksam erfolgt.] 
 
 
([⚫]) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden Mitteilungen. Sofern in diesen 
Bedingungen nicht anders bestimmt oder gesetzlich anders vorgeschrieben, gelten 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffende Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie der Emittentin oder der Emissionsstelle (zur 
Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform in der deutschen oder englischen 
Sprache übergeben oder übersandt werden. Der Gläubiger muss einen die 
Emittentin zufriedenstellenden 
Nachweis über die von ihm gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen erbringen. Dieser Nachweis kann (i) in Form einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die Depotbank (wie nachstehend 
definiert), bei der der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Mitteilung Gläubiger der 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist, oder (ii) auf jede andere geeignete Weise 
erfolgen. 
 
 
§ [14] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") sind die Gerichte in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland [Im Fall, dass die Bestimmungen des SchVG Anwendung finden 
sollen, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
,vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingend 
vorgeschriebenen Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach dem SchVG]. 
 
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die Emittentin oder in jeder 
Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung 
der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, die (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des 
Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot 
verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter 
(a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, die im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ [15] 
SPRACHE 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst werden 
sollen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
Im Fall von 
Bedingungen, die 
in englischer 
Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in 
die deutsche 
Sprache abge-
fasst werden sol-
len, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in 
a member state of the EEA or publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA, the Final 
Terms will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639). 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN) 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die 
"PRIIP-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: 
(i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU, in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung ("MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 20. Januar 2016 über Versicherungsvertrieb, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter 
Anleger 
im 
Sinne 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2017/1129 
in 
ihrer 
geänderten 
Fassung 
(die 
"Prospektverordnung").]1 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im Vereinigten Königreich nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in ihrer geänderten Fassung (in der 
Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") in das nationale Recht des 
Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) (die "UK PRIIP-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt 
für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich nach der UK 
PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger wie in 
Punkt (8) von Artikel 2 der Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2017/565 der Kommission (in der Gestalt, in der sie 
durch den EUWA in das nationale Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert; (ii) sie ist ein 
Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in ihrer geänderten 
Fassung, die "FSMA") und der gemäß der FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassenen 
Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde, wie in Punkt (8) von 
Artikel 2 (1) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den EUWA in das nationale 
Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert, gilt [; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger, 
wie in Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 in ihrer geänderten Fassung (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch 
den EUWA in das nationale Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert].]2 
 
1 Text einfügen, sofern die Endgültigen Bedingungen ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "Anwendbar" 
erklären.  
Include text if the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Applicable". 
2  Text einfügen, sofern die Endgültigen Bedingungen ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für "Anwendbar" 
erklären.  
Include text if the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Applicable".

--- Page 136 ---
136 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of 
Directive  2014/65/EU, as amended, ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "United Kingdom 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the United Kingdom PRIIPs 
Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA [; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of the domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA].] 2  
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [eines jeden] [EU] Konzepteurs 
hat die Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden, wie jeweils in [MiFID II] [der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II")] 
definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige 
negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt (ein "[EU] Vertreiber"), sollte die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e] 
berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender [EU] Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine 
eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als "[EU] Konzepteur[e]".] 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MiFIR / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [eines jeden] UK Konzepteurs hat 
die Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook definiert, und professionelle Kunden, wie in der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014 (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 in das nationale 
Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) ("UK MiFIR") definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere 
Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede 
Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "UK Vertreiber"), sollte 
die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein dem FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook unterliegender UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür 
verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen 
(entweder durch Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e]) und 
geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als "UK Konzepteur[e]".] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II] [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")] [, each having] [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative 
target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes ([a] [an] 
[EU] "Distributor") should take into consideration the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment; 
however, [a] [an] [EU] Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "[EU] Manufacturer[s]" means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only Target 
Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) ("UK MiFIR") only [, each having] [specify further 
target market criteria], and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK Distributor") should take into consideration 
the UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "UK Manufacturer[s]" means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].] 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden 
und Kleinanleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [eines jeden] [EU] Konzepteurs 
hat die Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, 
wie jeweils in [MiFID II] [der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II")] definiert, 
sind [, die jeweils] [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen geeignet sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolioverwaltung, beratungsfreies 
Geschäft und reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger geeignet sind: [Anlageberatung] [,] [und] 
[Portfolioverwaltung] [,] [und] [beratungsfreies Geschäft] [und reines Ausführungsgeschäft]. [etwaige 
negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder 
empfiehlt, (ein "[EU] Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e] 
berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender [EU] Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine 
eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] [EU] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als "[EU] Konzepteur[e]".] 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MiFIR / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden 
und Kleinanleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] UK Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt 
für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook definiert, professionelle Kunden, wie in der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 (in der Gestalt, in der 
sie durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") in das nationale Recht des Vereinigten 
Königreichs überführt wurde) ("UK MiFIR") definiert, und Kleinanleger, wie in Punkt (8) von Artikel 2 der 
Delegierten Verordnung (EU) 2017/565 der Kommission (in der Gestalt, in der sie durch den EUWA in das 
nationale Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) definiert, sind [, die jeweils] [weitere 
Zielmarktkriterien festlegen], und [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger geeignet sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfolioberatung, beratungsfreies Geschäft und reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb 
der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) 
die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger geeignet sind: 
[Anlageberatung] [,] [und] [Portfolioverwaltung] [,] [und] [beratungsfreies Geschäft] [und reines 
Ausführungsgeschäft]. 
[etwaige 
negative 
Zielmärkte 
festlegen] 
Jede 
Person, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "UK Vertreiber"), sollte die 
Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook unterliegender UK Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich 
ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung de[s][r] UK Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung [gilt] [gelten] [⚫] [,] [⚫] [und] [⚫] als "UK Konzepteur[e]".] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Clients and Retail Clients 
Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II] [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")] [, each having] [specify further target market criteria], and [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
services and execution only] [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate: [investment advice] [,] [and] [portfolio management] [,] [and] [non-advised services] [and 
execution only]. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes ([a] [an] [EU] "Distributor") should take into consideration the [EU] 
Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment; however, a [a] [an] [EU] Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the [EU] Manufacturer['s] [s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "[EU] Manufacturer[s]" means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Clients and Retail Clients 
Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] UK Manufacturer['s] [s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")) ("UK MiFIR") and retail clients, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 (as it forms part of the domestic law

--- Page 139 ---
139 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) [, each having] [specify further target market criteria], and 
[(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients 
are appropriate, including investment advice, non-advised services and execution only] [(ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate: [investment advice] [,] [and] 
[portfolio management] [,] [and] [non-advised services] [and execution only]. [specify negative target 
market, if applicable] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"UK Distributor") should take into consideration the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the UK Manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "UK Manufacturer[s]" means [⚫] [,] [⚫] [and] [⚫].] 
 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen3 
Final Terms3 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes") 
begeben von 
issued by 
Sixt SE 
Rechtsträgerkennung: 5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07 
Legal Entity Identifier: 5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07 
aufgrund des 
pursuant to the 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
vom 12. Mai 2023 
dated 12 May 2023 
Ausgabepreis: [⚫] % [zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe von [⚫] für [⚫] Tage in dem Zeitraum vom 
[⚫] (einschließlich) bis zum [⚫] (ausschließlich)] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. [plus accrued interest in the amount of [⚫] for [⚫] days in the period from, and 
including, [⚫] to, but excluding, [⚫]] 
Ausgabetag: [⚫]4 
Issue Date: [⚫]4 
Serien-Nr.: [⚫] 
Series No.: [⚫] 
 
3 Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung) werden nachfolgend als "Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet. Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung 
von weniger als Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) werden nachfolgend als "Retail-
Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet. 
In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least Euro 100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) will be referred to as "Wholesale 
Notes". In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) will be referred to as 
"Retail Notes". 
4 Der Ausgabetag ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Ausgabetag der Tag 
der Lieferung. 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Tranchen-Nr.: [⚫] 
Tranche No.: [⚫]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen [wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 (5) in Verbindung mit Artikel 25 (4) 
der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 in ihrer 
geänderten Fassung abgefasst und]5 enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme der Sixt SE (das "Programm") und sind in Verbindung mit 
dem Prospekt vom 12. Mai 2023 ([in der Fassung [des Nachtrags] [der Nachträge] vom [relevantes 
Datum/relevante Daten einfügen],] der "Prospekt") über das Programm zu lesen. Alle relevanten 
Informationen über die Emittentin und über die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der Zusammenschau 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und des Prospekts erhältlich. Kopien des Prospekts und etwaiger Nachträge 
zum Prospekt [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an dem geregelten Markt der Luxemburger 
Börse zum Handel zugelassen sind, einfügen: sowie dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen] werden in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639) 
veröffentlicht werden und sind auch kostenlos während der üblichen Geschäftszeiten bei der Sixt SE 
(Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach i. Isartal, Deutschland)) erhältlich. [Eine englischsprachige [und 
deutschsprachige] Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]6 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in connection with Article 25(4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, 
and]5 give details of an issue of Notes under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Sixt SE 
(the "Programme") and are to be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated 12 May 2023 ([as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [insert relevant date(s)],] the "Prospectus") and pertaining to 
the Programme. All relevant information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus as well as any supplements 
to the Prospectus [in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert: and these Final Terms] will be published in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639) and will also be obtainable 
free of charge during normal business hours from Sixt SE (Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach i. Isartal, 
Germany). [An English language [and a German language] summary of the individual issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]6] 
 
 
5 Nicht anwendbar bei Schuldverschreibungen, die weder öffentlich angeboten noch an einem geregelten Markt zum Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not applicable in case of Notes which are neither publicly offered nor admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
6 Nicht anwendbar bei Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
Not applicable in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
TEIL A: BEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
PART A: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further 
options contained therein) respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen [sowie die unverbindliche [deutschsprachige] 
[englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes [and the non-binding [German] [English] language 
translation thereof] are as set out below. 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I (including 
relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung sind hier die betreffenden Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen zu vervollständigen] 
[in case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
(including relevant further options contained therein) and complete relevant placeholders]] 
[Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Verweisung auf die im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten maßgeblichen Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to 
the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II (including certain further 
options contained therein) respectively, insert: 
Dieser TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz an Bedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Bedingungen"), zu lesen, 
der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Bedingungen definiert sind, haben 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
This PART A of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of terms and conditions that apply to 
Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as [Option 
I] [Option II]. Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings when used in these 
Final Terms. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem TEIL A der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Bedingungen. 
All references in this PART A of the Final Terms to numbered sections and paragraphs are to sections and 
paragraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Die Leerstellen in den Bedingungen gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Bedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den 
Bedingungen gestrichen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in these Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All 
provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not 
selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions.]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
[WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Währung, Stückelung 
Currency, Denomination 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[⚫] 
Specified Currency 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[⚫] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag (in Worten) 
[⚫] 
Aggregate Principal Amount (in words) 
 
Festgelegte Stückelung7 
[⚫] 
Specified Denomination7 
 
Clearingsystem 
Clearing System 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 
und/and 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Globalurkunden 
 
Global Notes 
 
 
New Global Notes  
 
 
Classical Global Notes  
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
T2 
 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
[Zinssatz 
[⚫] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinszahlungstag[e] 
[⚫] 
Interest Payment Date[s] 
 
[Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[halbjährlich] [jährlich] 
Interest shall be payable] 
[semi-annually] [annually] 
 
7 Die festgelegte Stückelung darf (i) für den Fall, dass die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse in einem 
Mitgliedsstaat des EWR notiert oder in einem Mitgliedsstaat des EWR öffentlich angeboten werden, nicht weniger als Euro 1.000 oder den 
entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung an dem Ausgabetag betragen bzw. (ii) einen Betrag nicht unterschreiten, der von der 
maßgeblichen Zentralbank oder anwendbaren Regulierungen für die maßgebliche Währung gestattet oder vorausgesetzt wird. 
The Specified Denomination shall be, (i) in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a 
Member State of the EEA or publicly offered in a Member State of the EEA, at least Euro 1,000 or its foreign currency equivalent on the relevant 
issue date, or (ii) at least such amount as may be allowed or required by the relevant central bank or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant specified currency.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
[Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[⚫] 
First Interest Payment Date] 
 
[Letzter Zinszahlungstag 
[⚫] 
Last Interest Payment Date] 
 
Zinsbetrag je Schuldverschreibung 
[⚫] 
Amount of Interest per Note 
 
[ kurze erste Zinsperiode 
short first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]] 
[ lange erste Zinsperiode 
long first Interest Period 
 
[Anfänglicher Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am ersten Zinszahlungstag 
Initial Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the First 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]] 
[ kurze letzte Zinsperiode 
short last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]] 
[ lange letzte Zinsperiode 
long last Interest Period 
 
[Abschließender Bruchteilszinsbetrag je 
Schuldverschreibung am letzten Zinszahlungstag 
Final Broken Amount of Interest per Note on the Last 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]]]8 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
[Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date 
 
Zinsen sind zahlbar  
[vierteljährlich] 
[halbjährlich] 
[jährlich] im Nachhinein 
Interest shall be payable 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually] in arrear 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[⚫] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[⚫] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
 
8  Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes do not insert.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperioden 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Wochen] [Monate] [andere 
festgelegte 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen] 
Specified Interest Periods 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[weeks] [months] [insert other 
specified Interest Period] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[⚫] 
First Interest Payment Date 
 
Zinssatz 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
 
Interpolation applicable 
 
[kurze] [lange] [erste] [letzte] Zinsperiode 
Ja 
[short] [long] [first] [last] Interest Period 
Yes 
Referenzzinssätze 
 
Reference Interest Rates 
 
erster Referenzzinssatz 
[ersten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) einfügen]  
first Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
first 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate 
(including its term)] 
zweiter Referenzzinssatz 
[zweiten relevanten Referenz-
zinssatz (einschließlich Lauf-
zeit) einfügen]  
second Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
second 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate 
(including its term)] 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar 
ist, auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate (including its 
term)] 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] [andere relevante Ta-
geszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([Brüsseler] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
([Brussels] 
[insert other relevant financial 
centre] time) 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
(einschließlich 
Laufzeit) 
einfügen]  
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate (including its 
term)]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
financial centre] time 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] 
[zweiter] 
[andere 
relevante Zahl von Tagen 
einfügen] [Tag] [Geschäftstag] 
[vor 
[Beginn] 
[Ende]] 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] [second] [insert other 
relevant number of days] 
[day] [Business Day] [prior to 
the [commencement] [end]] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
Business Day 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren 
einfügen] 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
in [insert all relevant financial centres] 
 
 
T2 
 
 
Marge 
Margin 
 
 
Marge, die sich nicht ändert 
Margin which does not change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
Marge, die sich ändert 
Margin which does change 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [⚫] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
 
 
plus 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
abzüglich 
 
[vom [Datum einfügen] (ein-
schließlich) bis zum [Datum 
einfügen] (ausschließlich) [⚫] 
% 
per 
annum] 
[weitere 
Perioden und Prozentsätze 
einfügen] 
 
 
minus 
[from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [insert 
date] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
[insert further periods and 
percentages] 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
[relevanten 
Informationsanbieter 
einfügen]  
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen Page] 
[insert relevant information 
vendor]  
Erste Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
First level of the fall-back provisions 
 
Referenzbanken 
[[⚫] [vier] [andere relevante 
Zahl einfügen] Großbanken im 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[der Euro-Zone]] [Namen der 
Referenzbanken einfügen] 
Reference Banks 
[[⚫] 
[four] 
[insert 
other 
relevant number] major banks 
in the [insert relevant financial 
centre] interbank market [of the 
Euro-zone]] [insert names of 
Reference Banks] 
 
Interbanken-Markt 
[Euro-Zone] 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Interbank market 
[Euro-zone] [insert relevant 
financial centre] 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
financial centre] time 
Zweite Stufe der Ausweichbestimmungen 
 
Second level of the fall-back provisions 
 
 
Großbanken 
[in [relevantes Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
[im 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [der Euro-
Zone] 
Major Banks 
[in [insert relevant financial 
centre]] [in the [insert relevant 
financial 
centre] 
interbank 
market [of the Euro-zone]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Uhrzeit 
[11.00] 
[andere 
relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
[Brüsseler] 
[anderes 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit 
am 
[Feststellungstag] [ersten Tag 
der relevanten Zinsperiode] 
Time 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
time] 
[Brussels] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
financial centre] time on the 
[Determination Day] [first day of 
the relevant Interest Period] 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz  
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[⚫] % per annum 
[⚫] per cent. per annum]9 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)10 
 
[Feststellungstermin[e] 
[⚫] in jedem Kalenderjahr (jeder 
[Datum einfügen]) 
Determination Date[s] 
[⚫] per each calendar year 
(each [insert date])]11 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 oder/or 360/360 oder/or Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 oder/or Eurobond Basis 
 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Zahltag 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention12 
Modified Following Business Day Convention12 
 
 
9 Im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes do not insert. 
10  Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
11 Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer kurzen oder langen ersten bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der 
Ausgabetag bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. 
Insert the number of regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a short or long first or last interest period. 
12 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention13 
 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zinsperiode einfügen] 
 
Floating Rate Note Business Day Convention13 
[insert 
relevant 
number] 
[months] 
[insert 
other 
specified Interest Period] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
der in § 1 (6) definierte Geschäftstag 
 
the Business Day as defined in § 1 (6) 
 
 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte 
in 
[sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
 
Commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all 
relevant financial centres] 
 
 
T2 
 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags 
[Angepasst] [Nicht angepasst] 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[⚫] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat14 
Redemption Month14 
[⚫] 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Nennbetrag 
Principal Amount 
 
 
Festgelegter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Festgelegten Rückzahlungs-
betrag für die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen, 
der 
nicht niedriger als der Nenn-
betrag der Schuldverschrei-
bung sein darf] 
Specified Final Redemption Amount 
[insert 
Specified 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, which shall 
not be less than the principal 
amount of the Note] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Call) 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
 
 
13 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes. 
14 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträge] 
(Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount[s] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[15 
Tage] 
[andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen, die nie weniger als 
5 Tage betragen darf]15 
Minimum Notice Period 
[15 
days] 
[insert 
other 
Minimum Notice Period which 
shall not be less than 5 days] 
15] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin ([Two] [Three] 
Months Par Call)  
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer ([Two] [Three] 
Months Par Call) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the Notes) 
[Yes] [No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Vorliegen 
eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders upon a Change of 
Control 
[Yes] [No] 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE [[,] [UND] [DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
THE FISCAL AGENT [[,] [AND] [THE PAYING AGENT[S]] [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
 
Zahlstelle[n] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle[n] 
Paying Agent[s] and [its] [their] specified office[s] 
[⚫] 
 
Die Aufgaben der Emissionsstelle umfassen auch diejenigen 
einer Zahlstelle. 
The Fiscal Agent shall also fulfil the functions of a paying 
agent. 
[⚫] 
 
Berechnungsstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
Calculation Agent and its specified office 
[⚫] 
[Vorgeschriebener Ort für Berechnungsstelle 
[⚫]] 
Required location of Calculation Agent 
 
 
Name der relevanten Börse16 
[relevanten Namen einfügen] 
 
Name of relevant stock exchange16 
[insert relevant name] 
 
Sitz der relevanten Börse17 
[relevantes Land einfügen] 
 
Location of relevant stock exchange17 
[insert relevant country] 
[ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
AMENDMENT OF THE CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
 
15 Falls von den in den Bedingungen vorgeschlagenen Kündigungsfristen abweichende Kündigungsfristen gewählt werden, sollte die Emittentin die 
Auswirkungen auf die Informationsvermittlung durch Intermediäre (z.B. durch die Clearingsysteme) sowie auf die weiteren hiermit 
zusammenhängenden Benachrichtigungspflichten (z.B. zwischen der Emittentin und den Emissions- bzw. Zahlstellen) berücksichtigen. 
If notice periods are specified which are different from those suggested in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries (e.g. Clearing Systems), as well as any other notice requirements which may apply (e.g. between 
the Issuer and the Fiscal and the Paying Agents). 
16 Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
17 Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die zum Handel an einem geregelten Markt zugelassen werden, einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Bedingungen 
[Namen 
und 
Anschrift 
einfügen] 
 
in the Conditions 
[insert name and address]] 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13]) 
 
NOTICES (§ [13]) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einem geregelten Markt einer 
Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange 
 
 
Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
einer Börse zum Handel zugelassen werden 
 
Notes not admitted to trading on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange 
 
SPRACHE DER BEDINGUNGEN (§ [15])18 
 
LANGUAGE OF THE CONDITIONS (§ [15])18 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text bindend) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text bindend) 
German and English (English language binding) 
 
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
English only 
 
 
18 In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
TEIL B: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
A. WICHTIGE ANGABEN 
 
A. KEY INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission bzw. dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
[[Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden Gebühren] [des] [der] wirtschaftlichen 
[Interesses] [Interessen] [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [⚫] mit der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangenen 
[Swapvertrags] 
[Derivatevertrags]] 
[haben 
die] 
[Die] 
an 
der 
Emission 
bzw. 
dem 
Angebot 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten Personen [haben] – soweit die Emittentin hiervon Kenntnis hat 
– kein materielles Interesse an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot.] [Einzelheiten angeben] 
[[Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interest[s] of the Manager[s]] 
[the [swap] [derivatives] agreement [⚫] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes], 
so] [So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an 
interest material to the issue or the offering.] [specify details] 
 
Keine 
None 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös [, geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission] 
und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
Estimated Net Proceeds [, Estimated Total Expenses of the Issue] 
and Use of Proceeds 
 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös [([einschließlich aufgelaufener Zinsen in Höhe 
von [⚫] [, aber]] [ausschließlich [Provisionen] [der geschätzten 
Gesamtkosten der Emission])] 
[⚫] 
Estimated Net Proceeds [([including accrued interest in the amount of 
[⚫] [, but]] [excluding [Commissions and Concessions] [the estimated 
total expenses of the issue])] 
 
[Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission19 
[⚫] [(geschätzte Gesamtkosten 
für die Zulassung zum Handel, 
die von den Managern gezahlt 
werden)] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Estimated Total Expenses of the Issue19 
[⚫] [(estimated total expenses 
related to the admission to 
trading, which will be paid by the 
Managers)] [Not applicable]] 
Verwendung der Erträge20 21 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[Ein Betrag, 
der den Nettoerlösen entspricht, 
wird] [Die Nettoerlöse werden] 
ausschließlich dafür verwendet, 
um 
"Green 
Projects" 
in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
"Green Finance Framework" 
der Emittentin vom [⚫], das auf 
der Internetseite der Emittentin 
(unter [relevante Internetseite 
angeben]) 
veröffentlicht 
 
19  Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes. 
20 Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen sind, sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke vorgesehen sind, diese 
aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der Verwendungsszwecke darzustellen. 
In case of Retail Notes, if the proceeds are intended to be used for more than one principal use, these shall be split up and presented in order of 
priority. 
21  Siehe den Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Falls die Nettoerlöse nicht für die im Prospekt in dem Abschnitt "Use of 
Proceeds" angegebenen Zwecke verwendet werden sollen, sind die Gründe für die Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen einzufügen. 
See the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the net proceeds shall not be applied for the purposes set out in the Prospectus 
in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds", insert the reasons for the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
worden ist, zu finanzieren). 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Use of Proceeds20 21 
[Not applicable] [[An amount 
equivalent to the] [The] net 
amount of the proceeds] will be 
used exclusively to finance 
Green Projects in accordance 
with 
the 
Issuer's 
"Green 
Finance Framework" dated [⚫] 
as published on the website of 
the 
Issuer 
(under 
[specify 
relevant website]).] [specify 
details] 
B. INFORMATIONEN ÜBER DIE ANZUBIETENDEN [BZW. ZUM HANDEL ZUZULASSENDEN] 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
B. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED [OR ADMITTED TO TRADING] 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[⚫] 
ISIN  
 
 
Common Code 
[⚫] 
Common Code 
 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[⚫] 
German Security Code 
 
[ 
FISN 
[⚫]] 
FISN 
 
[ 
CFI Nummer 
[⚫]] 
CFI Code 
 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[⚫] 
Any Other Security Code 
 
[EZB-Fähigkeit 
der 
im 
NGN-Format 
zu 
begebenden 
Schuldverschreibungen beabsichtigt22 
 
Eurosystem Eligibility of the Notes to Be Issued in NGN Form 
Intended22 
 
Die Globalurkunden sollen in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden. 
 
The Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. 
 
 
Ja23 
Yes23 
"Ja" bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrstelle (common safekeeper) hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten 
für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon überzeugt ist, dass die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
"Yes" means that the Notes, after having been issued, will be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. "Yes" does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
 
22  Nur einzufügen bei Schuldverschreibungen, die im NGN-Format begeben werden. 
To be inserted only for Notes to be issued in NGN form.  
23  Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, die von einem der ICSDs als Common Safekeeper verwahrt werden sollen. 
Insert only in case of Notes which are to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. 
 
Nein24  
No24 
Auch wenn am Tag dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen die Angabe "Nein" lautet, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann, wenn sich die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems in der 
Zukunft dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen diese einhalten können, bei einem 
ICSD als gemeinsamer Verwahrer (common safekeeper) hinterlegt werden. Dies bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik und für Innertageskredite vom 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die EZB davon 
überzeugt ist, dass die Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind. 
While the designation is specified as "No" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Gesamtemissionsvolumen der [öffentlich angebotenen] [und] [zum 
Handel 
zugelassenen] 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Ist 
das 
Emissionsvolumen 
nicht 
festgelegt, 
Angabe 
des 
maximalen 
Emissionsvolumens der anzubietenden Schuldverschreibungen (sofern 
verfügbar) und eine Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die öffentliche Bekanntmachung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags 
[Einzelheiten angeben] [Eine 
Zusage zum Erwerb oder zur 
Zeichnung 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen kann innerhalb 
von bis zu zwei Arbeitstagen 
nach 
Hinterlegung 
des 
Emissionsvolumens 
der 
öffentlich 
anzubietenden 
Schuldverschreibungen wider-
rufen werden.]25 
Total amount of the Notes [offered to the public] [and] [admitted to 
trading]. If the amount is not fixed, an indication of the maximum amount 
of the Notes to be offered (if available) and a description of the 
arrangements and time for announcing to the public the definitive 
amount of the offer 
[specify 
details] 
[The 
acceptance of the purchase or 
subscription of Notes may be 
withdrawn up to two working 
days after the amount of Notes 
to be offered to the public has 
been filed.]25] 
[Informationen über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung 
des Basiswerts und dessen Volatilität26 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
Information about the Past and Future Performance of the 
Underlying and its Volatility26  
[Not applicable]  
[Einzelheiten über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung des [relevanten Referenzzinssatz 
einfügen] und dessen Volatilität können, [jedoch nicht] kostenfrei, auf elektronischem Weg auf der 
[Bildschirmseite [relevante Bildschirmseite angeben]] [Internetseite [relevante Internetseite 
angeben]] abgerufen werden.  
Detailed information about the past and the future performance of the [insert relevant Reference Interest 
Rate] and its volatility can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, by electronic means from [Screen Page 
[specify relevant Screen Page]] [the website [specify relevant website]].] 
[Emissionsrendite im Fall von Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit27 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[⚫] % per 
annum] 
Issue Yield in Case of Redemption at Final Maturity27 
[Not applicable] [[⚫] per cent. 
per annum]] 
 
24  Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, die vom Common Service Provider als Common Safekeeper verwahrt werden sollen. 
Insert only in case of Notes, which are to be deposited with the Common Service Provider as Common Safekeeper. 
25 Nur für den Fall, dass das Gesamtemissionsvolumen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht angegeben werden kann, einfügen. 
Insert only in case the total amount cannot be provided in the Final Terms. 
26 Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Retail Notes. 
27 Nur im Fall von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert only in case of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Vertretung der Gläubiger unter Angabe der die Gläubiger vertretenden 
Organisation und der für diese Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. 
Angabe der Internetseite, auf der die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die 
diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kostenlos einsehen kann28 
[Gemäß 
§ 
11 
(6) 
der 
Bedingungen 
können 
die 
Gläubiger zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle 
Gläubiger 
bestimmen.] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] [Nicht 
anwendbar]  
Representation of the Holders including an identification of the 
organisation representing the Holders and provisions applying to such 
representation. Indication of the website where the public may have free 
access to the contracts relating to these forms of representation28 
[Pursuant to § 11 (6) of the 
Conditions, the Holders may 
appoint a joint representative to 
exercise the Holders' rights on 
behalf of each Holder.] [specify 
details] [Not applicable]  
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, welche die Grundlage für 
die Schaffung/Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Die 
Ermächtigung 
zur 
Emission 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgte 
gemäß 
Beschluss 
des 
Vorstands vom [⚫] [und gemäß 
Beschluss des Aufsichtsrats 
vom 
[⚫]].] 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes 
will be created and/or issued 
[The issue of the Notes was 
authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Management of the 
Issuer dated [⚫] [and by a 
resolution of the Supervisory 
Board of the Issuer dated [⚫]].] 
[specify details] 
[Sofern Anbieter und Emittentin nicht identisch sind, Angabe der 
Identität 
und 
der 
Kontaktdaten 
des 
Anbieters 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel 
beantragenden Person einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), 
wenn vorhanden, falls der Anbieter eine Rechtspersönlichkeit hat. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror 
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading, including 
the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any, where the offeror has legal 
personality] 
[specify details] 
C. BEDINGUNGEN UND KONDITIONEN DES ÖFFENTLICHEN 
ANGEBOTS DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN29 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER OF THE NOTES TO 
THE PUBLIC29 
[Not applicable] 
[Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die 
Antragstellung 
Conditions, Offer Statistics, Expected Timetable and Action Required to Apply for the Offer 
Angebotsbedingungen 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen –, innerhalb derer das 
Angebot gilt, und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
The time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and a description of the application process 
[specify details] 
 
28 Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass gemäß § [11] der Bedingungen ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestellt wird. 
Specify further details in case a Holders' Representative will be appointed pursuant to § [11] of the Conditions. 
29 Im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert in case of public offers of Retail Notes.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die 
Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
(entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder der 
aggregierten zu investierenden Summe) 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application 
(whether in number of Notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
[specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Schuldverschreibungen und 
ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for their delivery 
[specify details] 
Umfassende Beschreibung der Modalitäten und des Termins für die 
öffentliche Bekanntgabe der Angebotsergebnisse 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A full description of the manner and date in which results of the offer are 
to be made public 
[specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugszeichnungsrechts, 
die Verhandelbarkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung nicht 
ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised 
[specify details] 
Verteilungs- und Zuteilungsplan 
Plan of Distribution and Allotment 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der potenziellen Investoren, 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden 
[qualifizierte 
Anleger] 
[Kleinanleger] 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
The various categories of potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered 
[qualified 
investors] 
[retail 
investors] [specify details] 
Werden die Schuldverschreibungen gleichzeitig an den Märkten zweier 
oder mehrerer Staaten angeboten und ist eine bestimmte Tranche 
einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, so ist diese Tranche anzugeben 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of 
these, indicate any such tranche 
[specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zugeteilten 
Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der Meldung 
möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[specify details] 
Preisfestsetzung 
Pricing 
Angabe 
des 
Preises, 
zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden 
[⚫] 
An indication of the expected price at which the Notes will be offered  
[⚫] 
Angabe der Kosten und Steuern, die dem Zeichner oder Käufer in 
Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Indication of the amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser] 
[specify details] 
D. PLATZIERUNG UND ÜBERNAHME (UNDERWRITING) 
 
D. PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
[Name[n] und Anschrift[en] des [Koordinators] [der Koordinatoren] des 
gesamten Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten angeben]

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots30 
Name[s] and address[es] of the co-ordinator[s] of the global offer and 
of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place30] 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
 
[Übernahmevertrag31 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Subscription Agreement31 
[Not applicable] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of the Subscription Agreement 
[specify details] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrags (einschließlich der Quoten) 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement (including the quotas) 
[specify details]] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] 
[einschließlich der Art der Übernahmeverpflichtung] 
 
Details with Regard to the Manager[s] [Including the Type of 
Commitment] 
 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des 
Managers bzw. der Manager 
angeben]  
Manager[s] 
[specify 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) of Manager(s)] 
 
Feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
Ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung (zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen) 
 
Without Firm Commitment (best efforts arrangements) 
 
Kursstabilisierende[r] Manager 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
[Keiner] 
Stabilisation Manager[s] 
[specify details] [None] 
Provisionen32 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Commissions and Concessions32 
[Not applicable] 
[ 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision 
[⚫] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Management and Underwriting Commission 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
 
Verkaufsprovision 
[⚫] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Selling Concession 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
 
Andere 
[⚫] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Other 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount] 
 
30 Im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
Insert in case of public offers of Retail Notes. 
31 Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen, die auf syndizierter Basis vertrieben werden, einfügen. 
Insert in case of Retail Notes, which are distributed on a syndicated basis. 
32 Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Gesamtprovision 
[⚫] % des Gesamtnennbetrags 
Total Commission and Concession 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
E. ZULASSUNG[EN] ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
E. ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Zulassung[en] zum Handel 
Admission[s] to Trading 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
[ 
Professional Segment des geregelten Marktes der 
 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 
Professional Segment of the regulated market of the
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
 
 
Sonstige Börse 
Other Stock Exchange 
[Namen der Börse einfügen] 
[insert 
name 
of 
Stock 
Exchange] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung[en] 
[⚫] 
Expected Date of Admission[s]  
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel33 
[⚫] [(wird von den Managern 
gezahlt)] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading33 
[⚫] 
[(to 
be 
paid 
by 
the 
Managers)] [Not applicable] 
[Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, KMU-
Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, an denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
bereits Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Gattung wie die öffentlich 
angebotenen oder zuzulassenden Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel 
zugelassen sind34 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelhei-
ten einfügen] 
All regulated markets, third country markets, SME Growth Market or 
MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class 
as the Notes to be offered to the public or admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading34 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
Namen und Anschrift[en] [des Instituts, das aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage] [der Institute, die aufgrund von festen Zusagen] als 
Intermediär[e] im Sekundärhandel tätig [ist] [sind] und über An- und 
Verkaufskurse Liquidität zur Verfügung [stellt] [stellen] sowie 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen [seiner] [ihrer] Zusage[n]35 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Name[s] and address[es] of the [entity] [entities] which [has] [have] a 
firm commitment to act as [intermediary] [intermediaries] in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of [its] [their] commitment[s] 35 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details]] 
F. WEITERE ANGABEN 
F. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Rating[s] 
[Not applicable] 
 
33 Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
Not to be inserted in case of Retail Notes. 
34 Im Fall einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen. 
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original Notes are already admitted to trading. Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes. 
35 Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. Nur einfügen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen an einem geregelten Markt zum 
Handel zugelassen werden. 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes. Insert only in case the Notes will be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
[[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
[das 
folgende 
Rating] 
[die 
folgenden  
Ratings] [haben]36: 
[Rating(s) einfügen]  
[The Notes have been] [It is expected that the Notes will be] rated as 
follows36: 
[Rating(s) to be inserted]  
[Es ist eine kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutungen der Ratings, wenn diese vorher von der 
Ratingagentur erstellt wurden, einzufügen. 
A brief explanation of the meanings of the ratings has to be inserted if these have been previously 
published by the rating provider.] 
[Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen 
Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert ist (gemäß 
dem aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten Ratingagenturen, das auf der Internetseite der 
Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (www.esma.europa.eu) veröffentlicht ist) 
oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is 
registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published 
on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu)) pursuant 
to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, or has applied for registration.]] 
[Registrierung 
des 
Administrators 
gemäß 
der 
Benchmark-
Verordnung37 
 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks 
Regulation37 
 
Benchmark 
[Namen 
der 
Benchmark 
einfügen] 
Benchmark 
[insert 
name 
of 
the 
Benchmark] 
Administrator 
[Namen des Administrators 
einfügen] 
Administrator 
[insert 
name 
of 
the 
Administrator] 
Eintragung des Administrators in das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- 
und Marktaufsichtsbehörde gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 
2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten 
als Referenzwert oder zur Messung der Wertentwicklung eines 
Investmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur Änderung der Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 
(die "Benchmark-Verordnung") erstellte und geführte Register der 
Administratoren 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
[fällt [Benchmark einfügen] 
aufgrund 
von 
Artikel 2 
der 
Benchmark-Verordnung nicht in 
den Anwendungsbereich der 
Benchmark-Verordnung] 
[gelten 
die 
Übergangsbestimmungen nach 
Artikel 51 
der 
Benchmark-
Verordnung], 
weshalb 
für 
[Namen des Administrators 
einfügen] 
derzeit 
keine 
[einfügen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
innerhalb des EWR ansässig 
ist] 
[Zulassungs- 
oder 
Registrierungspflicht] 
[einfügen, 
wenn 
der 
betreffende 
Administrator 
 
36 Falls die Schuldverschreibungen Einzelratings erhalten, sind diese Ratings einzufügen.  
In case the Notes receive an individual ratings insert such ratings.  
37  Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen einfügen, deren Zinssatz an eine Benchmark gebunden ist, deren Administrator 
nicht in dem Prospekt genannt wird. 
Insert only in case of Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest references a benchmark the administrator of which has not been disclosed in 
the Prospectus.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
außerhalb des EWR ansässig 
ist] 
[Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- 
oder 
Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] 
besteht.] 
Registration of the Administrator in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment 
funds 
and 
amending 
Directives 
2008/48/EC 
and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[insert benchmark] does not 
fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
by 
virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [the 
transitional provisions in Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation apply], such that 
[insert 
name 
of 
Administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain [insert in 
case relevant administrator is 
located 
within 
the 
EEA] 
[authorisation or registration] 
[insert 
in 
case 
relevant 
administrator 
is 
located 
outside the EEA] [recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)].]] 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen  
 
Selling Restrictions  
 
[Verbot 
des 
Verkaufs 
an 
Kleinanleger 
im 
Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum (im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014) 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]38 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
(within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014)] 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]38 
[Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (im 
Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der sie 
durch den European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 in das nationale 
Recht des Vereinigten Königreichs überführt wurde) 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]39 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom (within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) 1286/2014 as it forms part of the domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018)] 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]39 
Nicht befreites Angebot 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Non-exempt offer  
[Yes] [No] 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Prospekts40 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus40 
[Not applicable] 
[ 
Keine Zustimmung 
No Consent 
 
 
Individuelle Zustimmung 
Individual Consent 
 
 
38  Nur dann "Anwendbar" auswählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung einzuordnen sind 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
Select "Applicable" only if the Notes constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared. 
39  Nur dann "Anwendbar" auswählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung einzuordnen sind 
und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
Select "Applicable" only if the Notes constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared. 
40  Im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen nicht einfügen. 
 
Not to be inserted in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
[Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch [den] [die] 
Manager und/oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Von [⚫] (einschließlich) bis [⚫] 
(ausschließlich)] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes can be made by the Manager[s] and/or further financial 
intermediaries 
[From, and including, [⚫] to, but 
excluding, [⚫]] 
Staaten, in die der Prospekt notifiziert wurde und in denen das Angebot 
erfolgen kann 
[Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [,] 
[und] 
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [,] [und] [Republik 
Österreich] 
[und] 
[die 
Niederlande] 
States into which the Prospectus has been notified and in which the offer 
can be made 
 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[,] [and] [Federal Republic of 
Germany] [,] [and] [Republic of 
Austria] [and] [the Netherlands] 
Name[n] und Adresse[n] [des Managers] [der Manager] [und] [oder] 
[des Finanzintermediärs] [der Finanzintermediäre] 
[Namen und Adresse(n) des 
Managers 
/ 
der 
Manager 
und/oder des Finanzinterme-
diärs / der Finanzintermediäre 
einfügen] 
Name[s] and address[es] of the Manager[s] [and] [or] financial 
[intermediary] [intermediaries] 
[insert 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) of the relevant 
Manager(s) and/or financial 
intermediar(y)(ies)] 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die 
für die Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen relevant sind 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the 
use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details]] 
 
Generelle Zustimmung 
General Consent 
 
[Angebotsperiode, während derer der spätere Weiterverkauf oder die 
endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch [den] [die] 
Manager und/oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Von [⚫] (einschließlich) bis [⚫] 
(ausschließlich)] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes can be made by the Manager[s] and/or further financial 
intermediaries 
[From, and including, [⚫] to, but 
excluding, [⚫]] 
Staaten, in die der Prospekt notifiziert wurde und in denen das Angebot 
erfolgen kann 
[Großherzogtum Luxemburg] [,] 
[und] 
[Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [,] [und] [Republik 
Österreich] 
[und] 
[die 
Niederlande] 
States into which the Prospectus has been notified and in which the offer 
can be made 
[Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[,] [and] [Federal Republic of 
Germany] [,] [and] [Republic of 
Austria] [and] [the Netherlands] 
Zusätzliche Bedingungen, an die die Zustimmung gebunden ist und die 
für die Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen relevant sind 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Additional conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the 
use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details]]] 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Third Party Information 
[Not applicable] 
[[Die oben aufgeführten Ratings wurden in der von der jeweils maßgeblichen Ratingagentur erhaltenen 
Form wiedergegeben] [[und] [relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] extrahiert]. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt

--- Page 162 ---
162 
wiedergegeben wurden und nach Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante 
Informationsquelle angeben] veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhalten, die 
die wiedergegebenen Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. Die Emittentin hat diese 
Angaben nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
[The ratings set out above have been sourced from each relevant rating agency] [[and] [specify relevant 
information] [has] [have] been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has not 
independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.] 
 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
 
Sixt SE 
[Namen und Titel der Unterzeichnenden angeben] 
[specify names and titles of signatories]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Conditions may provide that the Holders may agree to amendments or decide on other matters 
relating to the Notes by way of majority resolution to be passed by taking votes without a meeting 
pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et seqq. SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). Any such resolution duly 
adopted by majority resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of 
Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour 
of or against such resolution. 
Under the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), these rules are 
largely mandatory, although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or 
incorporated into the Conditions. 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their implementation and challenge 
before German courts. 
Specific Rules Regarding Votes without Meeting 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be 
(i) a notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the 
"Holders' Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited 
by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court. 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
Such notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it 
is established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a 
meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating 
in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, he shall promptly publish the result. If 
the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform 
the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of 
such proceedings. 
Rules Regarding Holders' Meetings Applicable to Votes without Meeting 
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules. 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5 per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes 
so require for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. Attendance and 
exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice will provide what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The 
place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's registered office, provided, 
however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the EU or the European 
Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock exchange.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting 
out the proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes participate in the vote. If the quorum is not reached, a second 
meeting may be called at which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only 
be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any 
resolutions passed by for such purpose by majority resolution the Holders are subject to the provisions 
of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set 
aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following 
the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
DESCRIPTION OF SIXT SE AS ISSUER  
Organisational Structure 
Sixt SE, with its registered office in Pullach, Germany, is a listed European stock corporation (Societas 
Europaea) and serves as the parent and holding company of the Sixt Group. Sixt SE performs key 
management and administrative tasks and is responsible for the strategic and financial management of 
the Sixt Group. It also performs important financing functions for the Sixt Group. The operating business 
of the Sixt Group is managed entirely by legally independent subsidiaries in Germany and abroad. Thus, 
Sixt SE is entirely dependent on the receipt of interest, loan repayments resulting from intra-group loans, 
dividends and other distributions from its operating subsidiaries.  
The following chart shows the relevant operational structure of the Sixt Group as at 31 December 2022. 
 
 
SIXT GMBH & CO. AUTOVERMIETUNG KG
SIXT GMBH 
SIXT RIDE GMBH & CO. KG 
SIXT CAR SALES GMBH 
SXT TELESALES GMBH 
SXT DIENSTLEISTUNGEN  
GMBH & CO. KG 
SXT RESERVIERUNGS-UND VERTRIEBS- 
GMBH & CO. KG 
SIXT G.M.B.H 
SIXT ASSET AND FINANCE SAS 
SIXT SAS 
SIXT RENT-A-CAR AG 
SIXT RENT A CAR LTD 
UNITED RENTAL GROUP LTD 
SIXT RENT A CAR S.L.U. 
SIXT RENT A CAR SRL 
 SIXT BELGIUM BV 
 SIXT B.V. 
SIXT S.A.R.L. 
SIXT RENT A CAR, LLC 
 
SIXT FRANCHISE USA, LLC 
 
SIXT CAR SALES, LLC 
 
SIXT R&D PRIVATE LIMITED 
TOV 6-SYSTEMS 
Vienna; 100% 
Bangalore; 100% 
S I X T   S E  
O T H E R 
SEGMENT GERMANY 
SEGMENT EUROPE 
SEGMENT 
NORTH AMERICA 
Pullach; 100% 
Munich; 100% 
Pullach; 100% 
Garching; 100% 
Berlin; 100% 
Rostock; 100% 
Rostock; 100% 
SIXT S.Á.R.L. 
Avrigny; 100% 
Avrigny; 100% 
Basel; 100% 
Langley; 100% 
Chesterfield; 100% 
Palma de Mallorca; 100% 
Eppan; 100% 
Machelen; 100% 
Hoofddorp; 100% 
Luxembourg; 100% 
Monaco; 99,9% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Kiev; 100% 
SIXT FUNDING, LLC  
SIXT TITLING TRUST  
SIXT RENT A CAR INC. 
Wilmington; 100% 
Wilmington; 100% 
Vancouver; 100% 
SXT Services GmbH & Co. KG 
Pullach; 100% 
Sixt Research Development Services, Lda. 
Lisbon; 100%

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Statutory Auditors 
The independent auditors of Sixt SE are Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich 
("Deloitte"), a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), 
Berlin. Deloitte audited the German language consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, and issued, in each case, an 
unqualified independent auditors' report. 
Selected Financial Information for the Sixt Group 
The following tables set out selected financial information of the Sixt Group as at and for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2021 and as at and for the three-month periods ended on 31 
March 2023 and 2022. 
The selected financial information of the Sixt Group as at and for the financial years ended on 31 
December 2022 and 2021 has been taken or derived from the audited consolidated financial statements 
of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022, as contained in the annual 
report 2022 of Sixt SE (the "Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE"). The financial information as at and for 
the financial year ended on 31 December 2021 represents the prior year comparative figures contained 
in the Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE. 
The selected financial information as at and for the three-month periods ended on 31 March 2023 and 
2022 has been taken or derived from the condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt 
SE as at and for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2023, which was neither audited nor 
reviewed, as contained in the group quarterly statement of Sixt SE as at 31 March 2023 (the "Group 
Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE"). The financial information as at and for the 
three-month period ended on 31 March 2022 represents the prior year comparative figures contained in 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE. 
The selected financial information which has not been taken or derived from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 or the 
condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the three-month period 
ended on 31 March 2023, which was neither audited nor reviewed, has been either taken from the Sixt 
Group's accounting records or its internal reporting systems or has been calculated on the basis of 
figures extracted from the above-mentioned sources. 
The following selected financial information should be read, in particular, together with (i) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 
as contained in the Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE, (ii) the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2021 as contained in the annual report 
2021 of Sixt SE (the "Annual Report 2021 of Sixt SE") and (iii) the condensed consolidated interim 
financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2023 as 
contained in the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE.  
Where financial information in the following tables is labelled as "audited", this means that it has been 
taken from the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 (including the comparative figures as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 contained in those consolidated financial statements). Where financial information in 
the following tables is labelled as "unaudited", this means that it has been either (i) extracted from the 
condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE as at and for the three-month period 
ended on 31 March 2023, which was neither audited nor reviewed, or the comparative figures as at and 
for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2022 contained in that consolidated interim financial 
information, the Sixt Group's accounting records or its internal reporting systems, or (ii) calculated on 
the basis of figures extracted from the above-mentioned sources. 
Certain financial information presented in the following tables, including percentages, has been rounded 
according to established commercial standards. As a result, rounded figures included in the following

--- Page 167 ---
167 
tables may not add up to the aggregate amounts in such tables (sum totals or subtotals), which are 
calculated based on unrounded figures. 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Income 
Statement Data 
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2023  
3 Months  
ended on  
31 March 2022  
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on  
31 December 
2021 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Revenue 
695,085 
580,774 
3,066,180 
2,282,448 
Depreciation and 
amortisation 
expense 
including 
impairments 
155,002 
101,389 
554,639 
370,039 
Earnings before 
interest and 
taxes (EBIT) 
47,437 
101,579 
588,785 
479,178 
Earnings before 
taxes (EBT) 
33,252 
93,454 
550,150 
442,169 
Consolidated 
profit for the 
period 
22,167 
66,437 
385,705 
313,150 
Of which are 
attributable to 
minority interests 
- 
- 
- 
3 
 
Selected Consolidated  
Balance Sheet Data 
As at 
31 March 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
As at 
31 December 
2021 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Rental Vehicles1 
3,840,663 
3,833,393 
2,856,632 
Total equity  
1,987,640 
1,979,408 
1,746,186 
Balance sheet total  
5,662,396 
5,551,285 
4,521,162 
Equity ratio (i.e. the ratio of total 
shareholders' equity to balance sheet 
total) (in %) 
35.1 
35.7 
38.6 
Non-current financial liabilities2  
1,815,363 
1,626,937 
1,602,688 
Current financial liabilities3  
756,918 
878,194 
398,661 
Cash and bank balances 
150,699 
26,569 
265,835 
1 
Rental vehicles contain right of use assets according to IFRS 16 in the amount of EUR 145,787 thousand as at the end of 
the financial year 2022 and EUR 9,816 thousand as at the end of the financial year 2021 and EUR 97.677 thousand as at 
31 March 2023, which were previously included in the position property and equipment and are reported in the position rental 
vehicles since financial year 2022. The 2021 comparative figures have been adjusted accordingly. 
2 
Non-current financial liabilities contain lease liabilities according to IFRS 16 in the amount of EUR 369,409 thousand as at 
the end of the financial year 2022 and EUR 274,203 thousand as at the end of the financial year 2021 and EUR 358,659 
thousand as at 31 March 2023. 
3 
Current financial liabilities contain lease liabilities according to IFRS 16 in the amount of EUR 167,514 thousand as at the 
end of the financial year 2022 and EUR 109,958 thousand as at the end of the financial year 2021 and EUR 157,937 
thousand as at 31 March 2023.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
The Sixt Group's equity ratio calculated as the ratio of total shareholders' equity to balance sheet total 
amounted to 31.5 per cent. as at the end of the financial year 2020, 25.5 per cent. as at the end of the 
financial year 2019, 27.8 per cent. as at the end of the financial year 2018, 26.2 per cent. as at the end 
of the financial year 2017 and 26.8 per cent. as at the end of the financial year 2016. 
Selected 
Consolidated 
Cash Flow Data 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2023 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2021 
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
(audited) 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Income taxes 
paid 
-22,158 
-9,483 
-82,488 
-90,565 
Interest paid 
-16,707 
-8,633 
-34,943 
-34,572 
Net cash flows 
from (+) / used in 
(-) operating 
activities 
130,025 
433,226 
-201,582 
79,112 
Net cash flows 
from (+) / used in 
(-) financing 
activities 
9,102 
-63,494 
17,550 
-489,299 
Net cash flows 
from (+) / used in 
(-) investing 
activities 
-14,725 
-9,195 
-57,201 
-85,062 
Gross cash flow  
147,202 
191,917 
1,041,478 
753,592 
 
Additional Revenue Figures 
Selected 
Additional 
Revenue Figures 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2023 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2022 
Financial Year 
 ended on 
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2021  
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited, unless 
stated otherwise) 
(audited, unless 
stated otherwise) 
 
(in EUR million) 
Sixt Group 
(consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
Revenue 
695 
581 
3,066 
2,282 
Rental revenue 
634 
528 
2,847 
2,097 
Other revenue 
from rental 
business 
58 
50 
209 
172 
Other revenue 
2 
3 
10 
13 
Return on revenue 
(in %)1 
4.8 
16.1 
17.9 
19.4 
 
 
 
 
 
Group External 
Revenue 
695 
581 
3,066 
2,282 
 
 
 
 
 
External revenue 
218 
179 
870 
740

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Selected 
Additional 
Revenue Figures 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2023 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2022 
Financial Year 
 ended on 
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2021  
 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited, unless 
stated otherwise) 
(audited, unless 
stated otherwise) 
 
(in EUR million) 
segment Germany 
External revenue 
segment Europe 
248 
213 
1,278 
946 
External revenue 
segment North 
America 
226 
186 
908 
585 
External revenue 
segment Other2 
2 
3 
10 
13 
1 
Ratio of EBT to revenue. 
2 
The segment "Other" contains activities that cannot be allocated to the main business activities and segments, such as 
holding company activities and real estate leasing. 
 
The quarterly development of the consolidated revenue and the revenue of the segments of the Sixt 
Group in the course of the year 2022 was as follows: 
Revenue of the Sixt Group 
in EUR million 
3 months 
ended on 
31 December 
2022 
3 months 
ended on 
30 September 
2022 
3 months 
ended on 
30 June 
2022 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2022 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
Total Group revenue1 
745 
997 
743 
581 
External revenue 
segment Germany 
229 
254 
209 
179 
External revenue 
segment Europe 
277 
464 
324 
213 
External revenue 
segment North America 
237 
276 
209 
186 
External revenue 
segment Other 
2 
3 
3 
3 
1 
Total Group revenue consists of the external revenue of the Group's segments, including the segment "Other". Internal 
revenue is fully consolidated. 
The historical development of the consolidated revenue, EBT and return on revenue (calculated as ratio 
of EBT to revenue) of the Sixt Group in the course of the years 2011 to 2020 was as follows: 
Return on 
Revenue 
2016 - 20201 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2020 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2019 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2018 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2017 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Revenue 
1,532,089 
3,306,498 
2,929,534 
2,602,730 
2,412,697

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Return on 
Revenue 
2016 - 20201 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2020 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2019 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2018 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2017 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Earnings 
before taxes 
(EBT) 
-81,546 
337,416 
534,5663 
287,280 
218,303 
Return on 
Revenue 
(in %)2 
-5,3 
10.2 
18.23 
11.0 
9.0 
1 
Historical figures are based on the audited financial statements of the respective year and are not restated or otherwise 
made comparable. Figures until and including 2019 also contain the Leasing business, which has been sold in 2020. 
2 
Ratio of EBT to revenue. 
3 
The 2018 EBT includes the one-off effect that resulted from the sale of the share in DriveNow. Adjusted for this effect, the 
EBT would amount to 336.7 million Euro and the Return on Revenue to 11.5 per cent. 
 
Return on 
Revenue 
2011 -20151 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2015 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2014 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2013 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2012 
Financial 
Year ended 
on  
31 December 
2011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(in EUR thousand) 
Revenue 
2,179,259 
1,796,162 
1,664,567 
1,595,633 
1,563,727 
Earnings 
before taxes 
(EBT) 
185,210 
157,022 
137,075 
118,573 
138,906 
Return on 
Revenue (in 
%)2 
8.5 
8.7 
8.2 
7.4 
8.9 
1 
Historical figures are based on the audited financial statements of the respective year and are not restated or otherwise 
made comparable. Figures until and including 2019 also contain the Leasing business, which has been sold in 2020. 
2 
Ratio of EBT to revenue. 
 
Selected Alternative Performance Measures: 
Selected 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures1 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2023 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
20222 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
20212 
 
 
(in EUR million) 
Sixt Group 
(consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
202 
203 
1,143 
849 
Corporate 
EBITDA 
73 
128 
699 
573

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Selected 
Alternative 
Performance 
Measures1 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
2023 
3 months 
ended on 
31 March 
20222 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
2022 
Financial Year 
ended on 
31 December 
20212 
 
 
(in EUR million) 
Sixt Group 
(consolidated) 
 
 
 
 
Thereof 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Corporate 
EBITDA 
9 
34 
163 
176 
 
 
 
 
 
Thereof Europe 
 
 
 
 
Corporate 
EBITDA 
18 
42 
352 
232 
 
 
 
 
 
Thereof North 
America 
 
 
 
 
Corporate 
EBITDA 
46 
52 
186 
164 
1 
Please see below for more information on the alternative performance measures. 
2 
Since financial year 2022 depreciation of rental vehicles contains the depreciation of right of use assets for rental vehicles 
financed by lease contracts, which was reported under depreciation of property and equipment in the previous year. The 
comparative figures, including Corporate EBITDA, for the year 2021 have been adjusted accordingly. 
 
Selected Credit-related Alternative 
Performance Measures1 
As at 
31 March 
2023 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
 
As at 
31 December 
2021 
 
Sixt Group (consolidated) 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
(in EUR million)* 
Net financial debt2 
2,422 
2,479 
1,736 
Net financial debt / EBITDA 
N/A 
2.17 
2.04 
Net interest expense 
14 
39** 
37** 
Interest coverage 
14.15 
29.55 
22.90 
* 
Applies only to net financial debt and net interest expense; the other figures are ratios. 
** 
Audited. 
1 
Please see below for more information on the alternative performance measures. 
2 
The Sixt Group's net financial debt amounted to EUR 1,625 million as at the end of the financial year 2020, EUR 3,267 
million as at the end of the financial year 2019, EUR 2,593 million as at the end of the financial year 2018, EUR 2,203 million 
as at the end of the financial year 2017 and EUR 2,084 million as at the end of the financial year 2016. 
The Sixt Group presents and/or uses the alternative performance measures EBITDA and Corporate 
EBITDA as well as net financial debt, net financial debt / EBITDA, net interest expense and interest 
coverage (together, the "Alternative Performance Measures"), that are not required by, or presented 
in accordance with, the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS"). The 
Alternative Performance Measures are alternative performance measures as defined in the guidelines 
issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 October 2015.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
The Alternative Performance Measure EBITDA is presented by the Issuer for the Sixt Group taken as a 
whole because it believes that such measure is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and 
other interested parties in evaluating companies in the Sixt Group's industry. The Sixt Group calculates 
"EBITDA" as the sum of earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) and depreciation and amortisation 
expense including impairments.  
The Alternative Performance Measure Corporate EBITDA is a key industry standard parameter to 
measure profitability and also the key parameter for the Management Board's assessment of the 
individual segments' performance. "Corporate EBITDA" is the sum of earnings before interest and 
taxes (EBIT) and depreciation and amortisation expense including impairments (EBITDA) minus 
depreciation of rental vehicles and the fleet related interest result.  
The Sixt Group presents the Alternative Performance Measures net financial debt, net financial debt / 
EBITDA, net interest expense and interest coverage because it believes that such measures are 
frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in evaluating companies in 
the context of debt financing, in particular in the form of bonds. 
The Sixt Group's "net financial debt" is calculated as "non-current financial liabilities" plus "current 
financial liabilities" minus "cash and bank balances". The Alternative Performance Measure "net 
financial debt / EBITDA" is the ratio of net financial debt divided by EBITDA as defined above. 
"Net interest expense" is the sum of other interest and similar income, and interest and similar 
expenses, and net income from derivative financial instruments as shown in Note 4.7 to the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE (excluding net income from investments) as at and for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2022 for the financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 
2021 and as shown in the section "Additional Financial Information" in the Group Quarterly Statement 
as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2023. 
"Interest coverage" is calculated as EBITDA divided by net interest expense as defined above. 
The Alternative Performance Measures are not recognised as measures under IFRS (or the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – "HGB")) and should not be considered as substitutes for 
figures determined in accordance with IFRS, or as measures of profitability or liquidity. The Alternative 
Performance Measures do not indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for the Sixt 
Group's cash requirements (including debt service), and they may not necessarily develop in line with 
the Sixt Group's operating results. The Alternative Performance Measures are not meant to be indicative 
of future results. Because not all companies calculate these Alternative Performance Measures in the 
same way, the Sixt Group's presentation of the Alternative Performance Measures is not necessarily 
comparable with similarly entitled measures used by other companies. 
Information about Sixt SE 
Sixt SE is a European stock corporation (Societas Europaea - SE). It was incorporated in Germany on 
28 December 1979 as "Sixt Autovermietung GmbH", a limited liability company (GmbH) organised under 
German law. As at 30 June 1986, the conversion of the Issuer into a stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft) became effective, and as at 6 August 2013, its conversion into a European stock 
corporation (Societas Europaea - SE) became effective. Sixt SE has been established for an indefinite 
term. In its capacity as European stock corporation, the Issuer is governed by the specific European SE 
regulations, in particular Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 on the Statute for a European company 
(SE), the German SE Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG), the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and Sixt SE's Articles of Association (Satzung). 
Sixt SE has its registered office in Pullach, Germany. It is registered as "Sixt SE" with the commercial 
register of the Munich local court (Amtsgericht) under registration number HRB 206738. "Sixt SE" is 
both the legal and commercial name of Sixt SE. 
Sixt SE is incorporated in Germany and its registered head office is located at Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 
Pullach, Germany; its telephone number is: +49 (0)89 7 44 44 4260.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Branches of Sixt SE are located in Leipzig, Germany, and at the Airport of Munich, Germany. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Sixt SE is 5299004ZME6CSBR7WP07. 
The website of Sixt SE is https://about.sixt.com. 
Business Overview 
Principal Activities of Sixt SE and the Sixt Group 
The Sixt Group has a long-term growth story and has developed from a German car rental company to 
an international provider of premium mobility products and services, active with own Group companies 
in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland 
and the United Kingdom (in Europe) as well as in the US and Canada (in North America) (together the 
"Sixt Corporate Countries"). The Sixt Corporate Countries reflect the big rental markets with rather 
low economic and political risk. Around 100 other world regions are covered by franchisees and 
cooperation partners (together the "Sixt Franchise Countries"), which are entitled to use the Sixt brand. 
Those partners are independent companies with an independent financing. The Sixt Franchise 
Countries have mainly rather small rental markets and often pose a comparably higher economic and/or 
political risk especially for foreign companies not being familiar with local particularities. With the 
commission-based franchise model, the Sixt Group strives to limit its risk versus being active in those 
countries on its own and refer clients within the whole Sixt network.  
The Sixt Group has been pursuing a focused premium strategy for many years. This strategy is based 
on the commitment to offering business and private customers high-quality solutions for their respective 
mobility needs that are characterised by flexible processes, high service levels in every single step of 
the customer journey and ease of use (e.g. self-service options and digitalized processes). The high 
share of vehicles from renowned manufacturer brands in the vehicle fleet is also an elementary 
component of this strategy. To achieve this, Sixt Group is investing heavily into its new branch concept 
(a double digit million Euro amount in 2022) and digital checkout experience. 
The Sixt Group aspires to be among the innovation leaders in the mobility industry. The scalable 
technology and mobility platform ONE launched in 2019 builds the basis for the end-to-end digitalisation 
of the product portfolio (via the SIXT App) as well as sales channels and operational business 
processes. Via the platform ONE and the SIXT App, users have access to the products SIXT rent, SIXT 
truck, SIXT share, SIXT ride and, since 2020, also to the car subscription offer SIXT+. In line with the 
platform strategy, the Sixt Group relies on strong partnerships with which the mobility platform ONE is 
continuously expanded as an open ecosystem. Customers can also access products and services from 
third-party providers via the SIXT App, such as the electric scooter, e-bike and e-moped provider TIER 
and the US ride service provider Lyft. By integrating vehicle rental, car sharing, car subscriptions as well 
as arranging transfer services, customers have access to over 270,000 vehicles and mobility offers from 
more than 2,700 partners with more than 5 million drivers in over 550 cities in more than 40 countries 
worldwide via the SIXT App. The services integrated in the SIXT App are accessible via one single sign 
on and services are payable with one single payment wallet.  
The Sixt Group's digitalisation strategy is based on changing customer preferences and demands for 
mobility and takes a strong demand for online and mobile (booking) services into account, which, in turn, 
is a consequence of technological development. By the end of 2022, around 72 per cent. (end of 2021: 
73 per cent.) of mobility reservations were made via the company's online and mobile channels. 
The Sixt Group attaches great importance to its own technological expertise and development activities 
for its business success. The Sixt Group has organised its research and development activities in the 
SIXT TECH unit, which is divided into product divisions and enabling divisions. In 2022, 770 employees 
on average were working for the SIXT TECH unit, mainly in the development centers in Germany, India 
and Ukraine. A fourth development site was opened in Lisbon, Portugal, at the end of 2022.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Vehicle Rental Sector in General 
The global vehicle rental markets are characterised by intense competition. The vehicle rental markets 
worldwide are dominated by a few large internationally operating vehicle rental companies. Another 
trend with increasing relevance is, in the Sixt Group's opinion, the advancing digitisation of the vehicle 
rental process and the development of integrated mobility solutions.  
In addition, the industry continues to be influenced by the trend that ownership of a private vehicle is 
losing significance, especially in larger cities and metropolitan areas, while a broad mix of mobility is 
gaining more appeal. More and more users tend to demand situation-specific mobility directed at their 
individual needs while making use of combined mobility models. This development also affects 
corporate incentive models, as companies are looking for alternatives to company cars.  
The car rental market will have an estimated volume of USD 104 billion1 in 2023. According to Statista 
it could reach an overall volume of around USD 119 billion2 by the year 2027. For 2022, the market 
information service Euromonitor International3 registered revenue volumes significantly above the level 
of the preceding year for larger European vehicle rental markets. In the most relevant European Sixt 
Corporate Countries (i.e. Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland 
and the United Kingdom), in 2022, market volume went up by 42.4 per cent. to EUR 12.1 billion from 
the EUR 8.5 billion recorded in 2021. In Germany alone, market volume climbed to EUR 2.4 billion and 
was thus 36.1 per cent. higher than the previous year's level (2021: EUR 1.8 billion). The French vehicle 
rental market recorded a volume of EUR 2.2 billion, an increase of 51.0 per cent. over the previous year 
(2021: EUR 1.4 billion). In Italy, market volume expanded by 43.0 per cent. to EUR 1.1 billion (2021: 
EUR 0.8 billion). Spain recorded growth of 41.1 per cent. to EUR 1.7 billion compared to EUR 1.2 billion 
in 2021. Market volumes in the United Kingdom increased by 40.7 per cent. to GBP 2.5 billion (2021: 
GBP 1.8 billion). In the US, the by far largest rental market worldwide, market volume was USD 35.7 
billion after USD 29.4 billion in 2021, an increase of 21.6 per cent.  
Market Position and Positioning 
The operating business has been segmented by region since financial year 2020. A distinction is made 
between the reporting segments Germany, Europe (excluding Germany) and North America. 
Segment Germany: One focus of the Sixt Group's business in Germany has traditionally been on 
business and corporate customers, together with a strong network of stations at German airports. The 
Sixt Group operated at least one station at all major German airports as early as 1977. In 2022, the 
company was represented at 25 airports. The share of private customers and tourists has increased in 
recent years. At the end of 2022, the Sixt Group had a nationwide network of 355 stations in Germany 
(previous year: 418 stations). Based on its own estimates and Euromonitor International data4, Sixt 
Group was the market leader in Germany, a market with a total market volume of EUR 2.4 billion and 
number two in Europe (European Corporate Countries including Germany). 
Segment Europe: The segment Europe consists of the Sixt Corporate Countries in Europe excluding 
Germany. The Sixt Group has been steadily expanding its presence in Europe since the mid-1990s and 
focuses on the leading countries in the car rental market. France and Spain are the largest markets in 
terms of revenue. As opposed to Germany, private customers and tourists play a more important role 
for the Sixt Group in the segment Europe. The number of stations at the end of 2022 totalled 435 
(previous year: 448 stations). According to Euromonitor International data5, the market size of the 
Corporate Countries in Europe (excluding Germany) amounted to EUR 9.7 billion in 2022. 
 
1 Statista, Car Rentals Worldwide, 2023. 
2 Statista, Car Rentals Worldwide, 2023. 
3 Euromonitor International, January 2023. 
4 Euromonitor International, January 2023. 
5 Euromonitor International, January 2023.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Segment North America: The world's largest car rental market, the US, with an estimated total volume 
of USD 35.7 billion in 2022 according to Euromonitor International6, represented the largest single 
market for the Sixt Group in terms of revenue in 2022. Sixt Group estimates, that such estimated total 
volume is roughly equally split between airport and downtown markets. Within only a few years, Sixt 
managed to establish itself as the fourth largest vendor. Based on its own estimates and Euromonitor 
International7 data, the Sixt Group had a market share in the US of around 2.8 per cent. in 2022. 
Compared to its original focus on European tourists, the Sixt Group has managed to grow in recent 
years mainly thanks to a higher share of American private and business customers. Similar to Europe, 
the Sixt Group also relies in the US on a strong presence at major airports and business centres to 
further support its growing corporate customer base in the US and to strengthen its network of stations 
on the East Coast, especially at major hubs of American airlines. At the 50 most important US airports 
for the Sixt Group, which according to the company's own estimates account for around 70 per cent. of 
the total market volume at airports of approx. USD 11 billion, the company was already represented at 
38 airports by the end of 2022. There were 99 stations in the US at the end of 2022 (previous year: 98 
stations). Expansion in Canada has followed a similar strategy since 2022. As at 31 December 2022, 
there were three stations in operation in Canada. This brings the total number of stations in North 
America to 102. For 2023, 16 branches are under review for potential opening in the near future. 
The Sixt Group's target customer groups include private customers/tourists and business/corporate 
customers. The Sixt Group's revenue is mainly generated through the Business to Customer (B2C), 
Business to Business (B2B) and Business to Partner (B2P) sales channels. While B2B refers to rental 
business with business/corporate customers, rental business with private customers/tourists falls under 
B2C. The B2P sales approach also targets private/end customers, however, unlike B2C, customers are 
not acquired directly (e.g. via the Sixt website) but via an intermediary partner. The B2C and B2P sales 
channels account for a total of 72 per cent. (previous year: 66 per cent.), the remaining 26 per cent. 
(previous year: 34 per cent.) are accounted for by B2B and other. The accident replacement business, 
which has been reported separately, continues to be of significantly lower importance to the Sixt Group 
and is assigned to the B2B sales channel. 
The Sixt Group traditionally offers its customers a large number of high-quality equipped vehicles from 
renowned manufacturers. In 2022, around 57 per cent. (in terms of value) of the infleeted vehicles in the 
Sixt Corporate Countries consisted of vehicles from the premium brands Audi, BMW, Mini and 
Mercedes-Benz, thus remaining on the same level as in the previous year.  
A significant shortage of vehicles in 2022 was caused by supply bottlenecks due to the shortage of 
semiconductors. Nevertheless, the Sixt Group increased its average vehicle stock in Germany and 
abroad (excluding franchisees) to 138,400 vehicles in 2022 (previous year: 125,300). Including the 
vehicles of franchisees and cooperation partners, Sixt's global vehicle fleet consisted of an average of 
270,900 vehicles in 2022 following 242,000 vehicles in 2021. The short holding periods of the vehicles 
represents an important element of the business model. In the case of passenger cars, these are usually 
around six months and they were in average well below 12 months again in 2022, despite contract 
extensions made as a consequence of the supply bottlenecks due to the shortage of semiconductors. 
The Sixt Group seeks to hedge the remarketing of rental vehicles through buy-back and leasing 
agreements with manufacturers and dealers to mitigate the risks associated with the sale of vehicles. 
This means that buy-back conditions for purchased vehicles are already fixed at the time of acquisition, 
or, in case of leasing agreements, the vehicles are returned to the lessor after expiration of the lease. 
However, market-specific aspects, especially in the growth market of the US, and an adjustment of the 
purchasing strategy, in particular due to supply bottlenecks, lead to buy-back and leasing agreements 
not being available as in the past. This is particularly true in the growth market of the US, where buy-
back agreements are less common than in Europe. Around 72 per cent. of all vehicles added to the 
rental fleet in 2022 were secured by means of buy-back agreements in the case of purchased vehicles 
or under lease agreements. By the end of 2022, the balance sheet value of vehicles not leased and 
without buy-back agreement amounted to EUR 1.8 billion and therefore represented 48 per cent. of the 
position Rental vehicles in the balance sheet. Sixt Group has established a diversified sales 
organization, consisting of own dealerships (Sixt Car Sales, currently only Germany), a disposal through 
 
6 Euromonitor International, January 2023. 
7 Euromonitor International, January 2023.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
auction platforms and sales to dealers (dealer direct). Via auction platforms high volumes of vehicles 
can be sold and the cash is therefore generated comparably quickly, whereas direct sales to dealers or 
sales via independent own dealerships offer in general a better pricing. Sixt is assessing the residual 
value risk in regular meetings and decides on the defleet to achieve best pricing. 
Despite advancing digitalisation, which makes it possible for customers to rent a vehicle without making 
a prior visit to a rental station and saves costs, the global network of 2,098 stations at the end of 2022 
(including franchise countries) remains the basis of the operating business. The Sixt Group had 2,180 
rental stations at the end of 2021. Virtual stations are also available to customers, where they can rent 
and pick up vehicles at frequented locations such as shopping centres or car parks simply by using their 
smartphone and the SIXT App.  
Range of Services 
The Sixt Group's product portfolio includes SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT truck (commercial vehicle rental), 
SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT+ (car subscriptions) and SIXT ride (transfer services). All products are 
available via the SIXT App and the integrated mobility platform ONE launched in 2019. 
SIXT rent: SIXT rent bundles the Sixt Group's activities in the area of traditional car rental, which remains 
the core of the business model, and offers short- to medium-term premium mobility. Besides being able 
to receive detailed advice from service agents via the broad network of stations, the SIXT App enables 
a completely digital rental process. At selected rental stations in Europe and North America, especially 
airports, customers are able to select their vehicle until shortly before the rental period begins, head 
straight to the car park without having to go to the rental counter. The digital service will gradually be 
extended to other stations at airports and in urban areas. SIXT rent offers holiday travellers a wide range 
of international holiday rental cars. This is tailored to the respective mobility needs in the vacation 
regions.  
SIXT truck: In addition to the rental of cars, the Sixt Group offers a wide selection of commercial vehicles 
from renowned manufacturers under the SIXT truck product (since 2021 also as own division), also 
known as Vans & Trucks. The products range from vans to trucks with a gross vehicle weight of up to 
twelve tonnes. These vehicles from renowned manufacturers for special groups of customers are 
available for short or long-term rentals and thus cover a wide range of mobility requirements. Services 
such as accessories for moving as well as special equipment and fixtures round off the SIXT truck 
product. As at 31 December 2022, Sixt's corporate and franchise station network comprised more than 
900 stations offering vans and trucks, of which more than 20 were Truck Centres. Sixt Truck Centres 
are designed to meet the growing needs of corporate and commercial customers in this product 
category. 
SIXT share: With SIXT share, the Sixt Group offers a flexible free-floating car sharing service that allows 
for a vehicle to be returned even outside of firmly defined business regions. This means the vehicle can 
be returned at any Sixt station in Germany. By cross-linking the vehicle fleets of SIXT rent and SIXT 
share, the Sixt Group uses synergies within the Sixt Group, as the vehicles can be flexibly deployed as 
needed. This enables Sixt to offer its services not only in large cities and metropolitan areas, but also in 
surrounding communities. The bundling of the vehicle fleets also offers customers the advantage of a 
larger selection of vehicle brands and types. With the integrated offering and thanks to the networking 
of both product areas, the usage periods can also be flexibly adapted to the actual needs of the users 
from a few minutes to several days, with the most favourable price being offered in each case. Following 
the launch of SIXT share in Berlin, Hamburg and Munich in 2019, the Sixt Group expanded abroad in 
mid-2020 by entering the market in the Netherlands (Amsterdam, Rotterdam and The Hague). In the 
Netherlands, SIXT share offers a pure electric fleet. In addition, the Sixt Group brokers under the product 
SIXT share also shared micro mobility products from third parties (SIXT micro) such as scooters, e-
mopeds and bikes. A total of more than 2 million (2021: more than 2.5 million) trips were booked with 
SIXT share in 2022. 
SIXT+: With the launch of the car subscription offer SIXT+ in June 2020, the Sixt Group expanded the 
product offering on its mobility platform ONE. SIXT+ is the solution for customers who do not want to be 
tied for years by buying or leasing a vehicle. Unlike car sharing or short-term rentals, customers receive 
their own car with SIXT+, which they can use just like a private vehicle for as long as they wish at fixed

--- Page 177 ---
177 
monthly rates. All costs for maintenance, insurance, servicing and wear and tear are included. Due to 
the longer contract terms of SIXT+, the Sixt Group can better plan its (more stable) revenues and cash 
flows compared to short-term rentals. Particularly in view of the rapidly advancing shift towards electric 
mobility, SIXT+ offers subscribers the opportunity to test alternative drives in everyday life, without taking 
on long-term commitments or residual value risks. Following its launch in Germany in mid-2020, SIXT+ 
rapidly expanded into other markets and was available in all Sixt corporate countries (except Canada) 
by the end of 2021. In the future, all SIXT subscription products will be united under the SIXT+ brand 
umbrella and be specifically developed further, including the international rental car flat rate SIXT+ 
unlimited as a premium model, as well as SIXT+ flex as a flexible alternative to a company car. 
SIXT ride: SIXT ride is an integrated mobility service available since 2012 that is primarily based on the 
commission-based brokering of driving and transfer as well as event services (ride hailing or taxi). The 
Sixt Group cooperated with more than 2,700 partners and more than 5 million drivers worldwide in 2022. 
Customers can be picked up in more than 550 cities in over 40 countries worldwide and book transfers 
in advance. The offer is available not only in major cities, but also includes small towns and rural areas 
through cooperation with local partners. In order to be able to provide this comprehensive and integrated 
offer, the company works together with renowned international mobility partners. Besides taxi centres 
in all major German cities, these include established ride-hailing networks such as the ride service 
provider Lyft in the US, Cabify in Spain and Addison Lee in the United Kingdom and itTaxi in Italy. For 
corporate customers, SIXT ride offers the advantage of a simple and uniform billing system so that 
driving services can be included in business travellers' planning and booking and be billed transparently. 
Thus, taxis can be booked directly while planning travel via interfaces to company travel portals. Due to 
the bookability in the Amadeus transfer hub, travel agencies also have access to SIXT ride. By 
integrating sustainable hybrid and fully electric vehicle models, SIXT ride has also been offering a CO2-
saving option for journeys from A to B in many cities and regions since October 2021. Besides Berlin 
and Munich, the respective models are also available in many other European cities. 
Cost Flexibility 
During phases of economic weakness, demand for mobility products offered by the Sixt Group may fall 
as a result of cost-saving measures by its customers, both companies and private households. A 
downturn in the overall economy could therefore adversely affect demand for vehicle rental products 
which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows of the Sixt Group. See also the subsection entitled "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating 
to the Issuer – 1. Risks Relating to the Group's Industry and Markets – General Market Risks" above. 
The Sixt Group estimates 73 per cent. (2021: 73 per cent.) of its operating expenses as variable and 27 
per cent. (2021: 27 per cent.) as fixed. Fleet expenses are considered fully variable, as they are directly 
related to the size of the fleet and can be adjusted at short notice, considering the length of the vehicle 
holding period. Depreciation on rental vehicles is also classified as variable in the same way. The degree 
of variability of personnel expenses is based on an assessment of the cost responsiveness of the 
individual functional areas. Other operating expenses show different cost sensitivities. While fleet-
related expenses, commissions and impairments of receivables are considered variable due to their 
dependence on the size of the fleet and revenue development, expenses such as buildings, IT and 
communication expenses are classified as fixed expense items. In addition, there are expense groups 
with mixed cost character (e.g., miscellaneous other expenses and sales and marketing expenses). 
During the corona crisis in 2020, Sixt was able to reduce the fleet in the second quarter by a significant 
amount and released a three-digit million Euro amount of cash. This measure was accompanied by a 
cancellation of dividend payments (excluding the minimum dividend for preference shares), salary cuts 
of board members, postponements of non-IT-projects, zero based budgeting, temporary branch 
closures, short time work, hiring freezes as well as the launch of SIXT+. 
Partnerships and Cooperations 
The Sixt Group maintains numerous close strategic partnerships, some of which are long-established, 
with companies in the tourist and mobility industries. This enables the Sixt Group to offer its customers 
numerous different price benefits and other advantages. These partnerships and cooperations include 
airline and hotel booking channels and their associated bonus programmes and other mobility service 
providers such as the ADAC (the German automobile association).

--- Page 178 ---
178 
The Sixt Group continuously expands its mobility platform ONE as an open eco system, so that its 
customers can also access products and services from third-party providers, such as the electric 
scooter, e-bike and e-moped provider TIER and the US ride service provider Lyft, via the SIXT App. In 
2022, the company concluded strategic partnerships with itTaxi (January), Accor (February), nextbike 
(March), Professional Golf AG (April), Marriott Bonvoy (August), the fleet and mobility specialist Fleet 
Logistics (August) that is active throughout Europe and expanded its existing partnership with Lyft. 
Employees 
The Sixt Group had an average workforce of 7,509 employees in 2022 (previous year: 6,399). This was 
around 17 per cent. higher than in 2021. 
Intellectual Property  
The Sixt Group is dependent on the protection of its intellectual property rights (see also the subsection 
entitled "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to the Issuer – 5. Legal and Regulatory Risks – Risks 
Relating to the Protection of Intellectual Property" above). The most important brand name of the Sixt 
Group, the word "Sixt", and the respective word/logo marks have been registered in many countries as 
national, international and European trademarks. Other than that, the Issuer is currently not dependent 
on third party trademark licenses which could have a material impact on its business. According to the 
Brand Finance Car Rental Services 10 2022 ranking8, the brand SIXT has a brand value of USD 1.3 
billion. In Germany, the country with the highest brand awareness, the Sixt brand has an aided 
awareness of around 96 per cent. and in France 76 per cent.9 Due to the large marketing campaign in 
the US “Rent THE Car – not a Car” at the end of 2022 and beginning of 2023, the aided brand awareness 
in the US increased to 27 per cent.10 
Real Estate Owned and Leased 
The Sixt Group owns several pieces of land and buildings (such as the former and current headquarters 
in Pullach, the headquarters of the US operations in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, a service centre in Rostock, 
the French headquarters in Paris or the United Rental Group headquarters in Chesterfield, United 
Kingdom) as well as several premises for operational purposes in Germany. Furthermore, the Sixt Group 
leases numerous pieces of land and locations, in particular nearly all of its rental offices. 
Financing Arrangements and Securities 
In order to finance its business operations, the Sixt Group mainly uses bonds, borrower's note loans, 
commercial papers, a syndicated revolving credit facility, short-term bilateral credit lines from several 
banks, real estate redeemable loans and leasing agreements. 
• 
To issue bonds, Sixt SE uses the Programme, which allows Sixt SE to issue bonds within a 
comparably short period of time if there is a market window. 
• 
Sixt SE is also an established issuer of borrower's note loans and regularly issues borrower's 
note loans with fixed or floating interest rates and different maturities.  
• 
To issue short-term debt securities (so-called commercial papers), Sixt SE uses a long-
established commercial paper programme with a maximum total volume of EUR 1.0 billion, 
which allows Sixt SE to issue commercial papers if there is respective investor demand. 
• 
On 16 September 2022, Sixt SE as borrower and eight banks as lenders entered into a new 
syndicated loan agreement, which replaces the existing syndicated loan with a volume of EUR 
750 million. Under the new revolving credit facility, credit drawings are possible in a total volume 
of up to EUR 950 million. The term of the new revolving credit facility is five years and can be 
 
8  Brand Finance, Automotive Industry 2022, The annual report on the most valuable and strongest automobile, auto component, tyre & car rental 
services brands, February 2022. 
9 GfK Brand Tracker March 2023, target group nationally representative aged 18-69. 
10 GfK Brand Tracker March 2023, target group nationally representative aged 18-69.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
extended twice by one year each, so that the maximum total term is seven years. As usual, 
extensions are at the discretion of the participating banks. The credit facility can be drawn in 
various currencies, in particular EUR and USD. 
• 
In addition to the syndicated loan agreement, short-term credit lines have been granted 
bilaterally with several banks, mainly in the form of overdrafts or short-term, uncommitted credit 
lines. By the end of 2022, these short-term bilateral credit lines had a total volume of around 
EUR 850 million. 
• 
To finance land and buildings, the Sixt Group sometimes uses real estate redeemable loans. 
• 
To finance the rental fleet, the Sixt Group also uses to a large extent leasing agreements with 
external financial service providers, which are mainly tied to the manufacturer. Leasing financing 
continues to form an important part of the Sixt Group's refinancing portfolio. In some cases, 
vehicles are also rented directly from the manufacturer or made available for use. Furthermore, 
hire purchase agreements are also used in individual markets. 
All bonds, borrower's note loans and commercial papers are unsecured and not subordinated. This also 
applies to the syndicated loan and, except for the real estate redeemable loans, which are secured by 
mortgages, also to the credit lines granted bilaterally by banks. 
The following graphics illustrate (i) the maturities of the financial instruments and (ii) the financing mix 
of the Sixt Group as at 31 December 2022. Both graphics show the respective nominal amounts without 
accrued and future interest and without leasing liabilities recognised as lease liabilities under the items 
non-current and current financial liabilities according to the provisions of IFRS 16 (Leases) in the amount 
of EUR 536.9 million as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: EUR 384.2 million). 
 
 
471
3
3
3
51
120
257
155
193
45
550
112
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
1000
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
Maturity profile of financing sources
in EUR million
Utilisation of bilateral credit lines
Borrower's note loans
Bonds
Commercial Paper

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
As at 31 December 2022, material contingent financial obligations resulting from guarantees or similar 
obligations amounted to EUR 111.4 million. As at 31 December 2022, the Sixt Group had other financial 
obligations mainly resulting from short-term leases entered into for which no financial liabilities were 
recognised in the balance sheet, amounting to EUR 38.5 million, almost all of which were due within 
one year. 
The Sixt Group is also in the process of setting up a large-volume asset-backed financing facility with 
respect to its vehicle fleet in the United States as well as a factoring programme. 
Recent Developments 
In February 2023, Sixt SE raised in total EUR 450 million by issuing borrower's note loans with fixed as 
well as floating interest rates with maturities of three (EUR 45 million), five (EUR 305 million) and seven 
years (EUR 100 million). 
In March 2023, the Sixt Group announced the opening of a new car rental branch as of 1 April 2023 at 
Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington, D.C. The new branch will be one of the 
largest airport locations in the US of the Sixt Group serving business, government and leisure travelers. 
Although the availability of vehicles is improving only slowly, the average vehicle fleet in Germany and 
abroad (excluding franchisees) increased by 18.9% in the first three months of 2023 to around 149,000 
vehicles compared to the same period of the previous year (approx. 125,300 vehicles). Germany 
accounted for the largest share of the Group-wide rental fleet, followed by the US. 
The Sixt Group again succeeded in expanding its fleet size in the first quarter of 2023. From January to 
March 2023, around 40,400 vehicles (Q1 2022: approx. 22,700 vehicles) with a total value of EUR 1.44 
billion (Q1 2022: EUR 0.73 billion) were added to the rental fleet of the Sixt Group. This corresponds to 
an increase of 77.9% in the number of vehicles and 95.9% in the investment volume compared to the 
same period of the previous year. 
The Management Board and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE proposed to the upcoming annual general 
meeting of the company scheduled for 23 May 2023 for the past financial year a dividend in the amount 
of EUR 4.11 per ordinary share and EUR 4.13 per preference share as well as a special dividend of 
27
28
39
6
Mix of financing instruments as at 31 December 2022
in %
Utilisation  of bilateral credit lines
Bonds
Borrower's note loans
Commercial Paper
EUR 1,962 million

--- Page 181 ---
181 
EUR 2.00 per ordinary and preference share. This would result in an overall dividend payment of 
EUR 287 million. 
For 2023, Sixt expects a robust development of the travel industry, in particular the leisure travel, and 
an increase in air travel. 
Trend Information; Significant Change in the Sixt Group's Financial Position and Performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, 
being the date with respect to which the Issuer's most recent published audited financial statements 
have been prepared. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or the financial performance of the Sixt 
Group since 31 March 2023, being the date of the last published financial information of the Sixt Group, 
to the date of this Prospectus. 
Material Changes in the Borrowing and Funding Structure of the Issuer 
There have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of the Issuer since 31 
December 2022, being the date with respect to which the Issuer's most recent published audited 
financial statements have been prepared. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Sixt SE, being a European Stock Corporation (Societas Europaea – SE), is governed by the specific 
European SE regulations, in particular the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 on the Statute for a 
European company (SE), the Issuer's Articles of Association (Satzung), the German SE Implementation 
Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG) and the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG). 
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, Sixt SE has a dualistic board system. Accordingly, Sixt SE has a 
Vorstand (the "Management Board") and an Aufsichtsrat (the "Supervisory Board"). The Management 
Board is responsible for the management of Sixt SE's day to day business; the Supervisory Board 
appoints and monitors the Management Board. The two Boards are separate, and no individual may 
simultaneously be a member of both Boards. For details on the constitution and responsibilities of the 
Boards see the subsection entitled "Board Practices" below. 
Management Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Management Board of Sixt SE are: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Sixt Group 
which are significant with respect to the 
Sixt Group 
Alexander Sixt 
Co-Chairman 
of 
the 
Management Board 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
Konstantin Sixt 
Co-Chairman 
of 
the 
Management Board 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltung GmbH 
James Adams 
Member 
None 
Prof. 
Dr. 
Kai 
Andrejewski 
Member 
None 
Nico Gabriel 
Member 
None 
Vinzenz Pflanz 
Member 
None

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Supervisory Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE are: 
Name / Principal 
occupation / Place of 
residence 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Sixt Group 
which are significant with respect to the 
Sixt Group 
Erich Sixt 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board of 
Sixt SE 
Grünwald 
Chairman  
Managing 
Director 
of 
Erich 
Sixt 
Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH 
Managing Director of ES Management GmbH 
Dr. Daniel Terberger 
Chairman 
of 
the 
management board of 
KATAG AG 
Bielefeld 
Deputy Chairman 
None 
Anna 
Magdalena 
Kamenetzky-Wetzel 
Member 
None 
Dr. Julian zu Putlitz 
Chief Financial Officer 
of 
IFCO 
Systems 
Group 
Pullach 
Member 
None 
The business address of each member of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is c/o Sixt 
SE, Zugspitzstrasse 1, 82049 Pullach, Germany. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt are members of the Management Board and are directly and 
indirectly major shareholders of Sixt SE. It cannot be excluded that there may be potential conflicts 
between Mr. Alexander Sixt's and Mr. Konstantin Sixt's interests as shareholders and their duties as 
Co-Chairmen of the Management Board. 
The Sixt Group also rented two properties for its operations from members of the Sixt family for an 
annual rent of EUR 0.2 million in 2022 (2021: EUR 0.2 million). 
Mr. Erich Sixt is Chairman of the Supervisory Board and is directly and indirectly a major shareholder of 
Sixt SE. It cannot be excluded that there may be potential conflicts between Mr. Erich Sixt’s interests as 
shareholder and his duties as Chairman of the Supervisory Board. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board 
member and Co-Chairman of the Supervisory Board Mr. Dr. Daniel Terberger is a shareholder and 
chairman of the management board of KATAG AG which, being a supplier of working clothes, has 
business relations with various companies of the Sixt Group. The annual expenditure of the Sixt Group 
in 2022 for such supply of working clothes amounted to EUR 0.5 million (2021: less than EUR 0.1 
million). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the above-mentioned members of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE do not have other potential conflicts of interests between any duties to Sixt 
SE and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Board Practices 
The governing bodies of Sixt SE are the Management Board (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board 
(Aufsichtsrat) and the shareholders' meeting (Hauptversammlung). The powers of these bodies are set 
forth in the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the statute for a European 
company (SE), the German SE Implementation Act (SE-Ausführungsgesetz – SEAG), the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and Sixt SE's Articles of Association (Satzung). In addition, 
there exist internal rules of procedure for the Management Board and for the Supervisory Board. The 
Management Board and Supervisory Board work independently of each other. No person may serve on 
both boards at the same time. 
The Management Board is responsible for managing Sixt SE's day-to-day business and represents Sixt 
SE in dealings with third parties. The Supervisory Board appoints and may dismiss for cause members 
of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Management Board in 
its management of Sixt SE and represents Sixt SE in all judicial and extrajudicial matters between a 
member of the Management Board and Sixt SE. In general, the Supervisory Board is not directly 
involved in the day-to-day management of Sixt SE. However, pursuant to applicable law, Sixt SE's 
Articles of Association and the rules of procedure for the Management Board of Sixt SE, specific 
transactions require the consent of the Supervisory Board.  
In performing their duties, members of both the Management Board and the Supervisory Board must 
employ the care of a diligent and conscientious manager. Members of the Management Board and the 
Supervisory Board must consider a broad range of interests, including those of Sixt SE and its 
shareholders and employees. 
The members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board may be held personally liable to 
Sixt SE for breaches of their duties. The Supervisory Board represents Sixt SE in potential damages 
claims against members of the Management Board. Sixt SE must bring an action for breach of duty 
against the Management Board or Supervisory Board upon a resolution of the shareholders passed at 
a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer by a simple majority of votes cast. Furthermore, minority 
shareholders whose aggregate holdings represent at least 1 per cent. of Sixt SE's share capital or 
amount to a notional value of at least EUR 100,000 can file an application to the court to be authorized 
to assert damages claims against members of either of Sixt SE's Boards on behalf of Sixt SE in their 
own name. 
Management Board 
In accordance with article 7 (1) and (2) of Sixt SE's Articles of Association, the Management Board of 
Sixt SE consists of one or more members appointed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum period of 
up to five years. Reappointments are permissible. Currently, the Management Board has six members. 
Any two members of the Management Board or any individual Management Board member together 
with an authorised signatory with statutory power of attorney (Prokurist) may legally represent Sixt SE. 
The Management Board is responsible for the strategic orientation, daily operations and the risk 
management at Sixt SE and in the Sixt Group.  
The rules of procedure for the Management Board and the executive organisation chart define areas of 
responsibility for each Management Board member. Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt, the two 
Co-Chairmen of the Management Board, are jointly responsible for the overall management and 
business policies of Sixt SE and in matters relating to the shareholders, the Annual General Meeting, 
the Supervisory Board and the Management Board. In addition, the Co-Chairman of the Management 
Board, Mr. Alexander Sixt, is responsible for Group Strategy, Global Human Resources, IT (Soft- and 
Hardware), PR & Communication and the management of all Global Business Services. The Co-
Chairman of the Management Board, Mr. Konstantin Sixt, is responsible for Brand & Digital Marketing, 
SIXT+, International Franchise Development & Business to Partners as well as Marketing – in addition 
to his joint responsibilities with Mr. Alexander Sixt. Mr. James Adams is responsible for Consumer 
Products and Price & Capacity Management. Chief Financial Officer Prof. Dr. Kai Andrejewski is 
responsible for Corporate Finance, Accounting, Group Controlling, Legal, Taxes, Internal Audit, Risk

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Management / Compliance, Financial Projects / M&A, Investor Relations and Environmental, Social and 
Governance. The member of the Management Board responsible for Operations, Mr. Nico Gabriel, is 
responsible for the operational business, including Group-wide compliance with all public and other legal 
requirements for operating and holding motor vehicles and ensuring the traffic and operational safety of 
the Sixt Group's rental vehicles. In addition, he is responsible for the areas of Global Customer 
Operations, Quality Management, Global Fleet Management, E-Mobility, Mobility Projects, Corporate 
Development, SIXT Van & Truck, SIXT share, Used Car Sales, International Franchise and SIXT ride. 
The member of the Management Board, Mr. Vinzenz Pflanz, is responsible for national and international 
sales as well as vehicle purchasing. 
The Management Board has a quorum if at least half of its members are present or otherwise involved 
in the passing of a resolution. Resolutions of the Management Board require a majority of the votes 
cast. In case of a tie, the proposed resolution is rejected. 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with article 10 (1) of the Articles of Association of Sixt SE, the Supervisory Board of Sixt 
SE has four members. Three members are elected by the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE in 
accordance with the applicable laws and the provisions of the Articles of Association. One further 
member of the Supervisory Board is appointed by Mr. Erich Sixt, as one of the Issuer's major 
shareholders. Dr. Julian zu Putlitz was appointed as Supervisory Board member by Mr. Erich Sixt 
according to article 10 (1) of the Articles of Association. Employees are not represented in the 
Supervisory Board of Sixt SE according to the agreement on the involvement of employees of Sixt SE 
dated 18 April 2013. The Supervisory Board elects a chairman and a deputy chairman from among its 
members (article 12 (1) of the Articles of Association). 
Pursuant to article 10 (2) of the Articles of Association, Supervisory Board members are elected for the 
period until conclusion of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE which resolves on the formal approval of 
the actions of the Supervisory Board for the fourth financial year after the beginning of their term of 
office, excluding the financial year in which the term of office begins, and in each case for a maximum 
period of six years. Reappointments are permissible. These rules also apply for the Supervisory Board 
member that is appointed by Mr. Erich Sixt (article 10 (3) of the Articles of Association).  
The Supervisory Board's main tasks are 
- 
to supervise and advise the Management Board in its management of Sixt SE; 
- 
to appoint the members of the Management Board; and 
- 
to approve matters that are subject to the Supervisory Board's approval under German law, Sixt 
SE's Articles of Association and the rules of procedure for the Management Board and 
authorizations of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE requiring the approval of the Supervisory 
Board for measures of the Management Board thereunder. 
The Supervisory Board has a quorum if at least one half of the total number of members which it is 
required to have is involved in the passing of a resolution. Resolutions of the Supervisory Board require 
a majority of the votes cast, unless otherwise mandatorily required by law (article 14 (7) of the Articles 
of Association). In case of a tie, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board has a casting vote. 
The Supervisory Board established an Audit Committee, a Remuneration Committee and a Nomination 
Committee. To the extent applicable, their tasks, responsibilities and work processes comply with the 
requirements of the German Stock Corporation Act and the German Corporate Governance Code. 
The Audit Committee deals in particular with the audit of the financial statements, the monitoring of the 
accounting process, the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management system and 
the internal audit system, the audit of the financial statements and their quality and compliance as well 
as the internal procedure for transactions with related parties (Section 111a (2) s. 2 German Stock 
Corporation Act ("AktG")) and the approval of such transactions pursuant to Section 111b (1) AktG. The

--- Page 185 ---
185 
details of the working methods and responsibilities of the audit committee are defined in the Rules of 
Procedure for the Audit Committee, which the Supervisory Board has issued. The members of the Audit 
Committee are Dr. Julian zu Putlitz (Chairman), Dr. Daniel Terberger and Anna Magdalena Kamenetzky-
Wetzel. 
The Remuneration Committee supports the Supervisory Board in the appropriate structuring of the 
remuneration of the Management Board especially by preparing the remuneration system for the 
members of the Management Board and by reviewing the appropriateness of the total remuneration of 
the individual Management Board members. The members of the Remuneration Committee are Anna 
Magdalena Kamenetzky-Wetzel (Chairman), Dr. Julian zu Putlitz and Dr. Daniel Terberger. 
The Nomination Committee is responsible for proposing qualified candidates to the Supervisory Board 
for the election of Supervisory Board members by the Annual General Meeting. In addition to the 
necessary skills and professional experience of the proposed candidates, the objectives specified by 
the Supervisory Board for its composition, the competence profile and the diversity concept are also to 
be taken into account. The members of the Nomination Committee are Mr. Erich Sixt and Dr. Daniel 
Terberger. 
Cooperation between Management Board and Supervisory Board 
The Management Board and Supervisory Board cooperate closely for the benefit of the Sixt Group. The 
Management Board shall inform the Supervisory Board regularly, at least quarterly, on the course of the 
business of the Issuer and the Sixt Group. The Management Board shall in addition inform the 
Supervisory Board regularly and comprehensively on all matters that are relevant to the Issuer and the 
Sixt Group regarding planning, business development, the risk situation and risk management. To this 
end, the Management Board agrees the Issuer's strategic orientation with the Supervisory Board and 
discusses the implementation of strategy at regular intervals. The Management Board shall inform the 
Supervisory Board about any events that may significantly affect the position of the Issuer or the Sixt 
Group independently of its regular reporting duties. 
Declaration of Conformity in Accordance with Section 161 of the Aktiengesetz 
In accordance with section 161 AktG, the management board and supervisory board of German listed 
companies are to issue an annual declaration indicating the extent to which they have complied or are 
complying with the German Corporate Governance Code. They must also explain which 
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code have not been or are not being applied. 
The Management Board and Supervisory Board of Sixt SE have issued and published such a 
declaration of conformity every year since 2002. Every declaration of conformity is made available to 
the public for a period of five years on the Issuer's website at https://about.sixt.com/ under "Investor 
Relations", "Corporate Governance" and "Declaration of Conformity". Referring to the version of the 
German Corporate Governance Code in effect since June 2022, the most recent declaration of 
conformity by the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of Sixt SE was published in December 
2022, and reads as follows: 
"The recommendations of the "German Corporate Governance Code" in the version of 28 April 
2022 (hereinafter referred to as "Code") announced by the Federal Ministry of Justice in the official 
section of the Bundesanzeiger (Federal Gazette) on 27 June 2022 has been and will be complied 
with, with the following exceptions: 
- 
Recommendation C.10 with respect to the chairman of the Supervisory Board: In C.7, the 
Code contains a list of criteria which are suitable for denying the independence of Supervisory 
Board members, but which do not necessarily exclude it. Two of these criteria apply to the 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, Mr. Erich Sixt. The Supervisory Board is of the opinion 
that Mr. Erich Sixt will exercise the function as Chairman of the Supervisory Board in the best 
interests of Sixt SE, regardless of his previous position as member of the Managing Board 
and his family relationships with two members of the Managing Board.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
- 
Recommendations G.1 and G.2: The Supervisory Board believes that the determination of 
individual target total compensation in addition to a maximum compensation does neither 
provide an additional incentive for the Managing Board nor a further advantage for Sixt SE. 
- 
Recommendation G.7: The Supervisory Board believes that a long-term determination of 
performance criteria for variable compensation components is more beneficial to sustainability 
than an annual determination for the upcoming fiscal year. 
- 
Recommendation G.10: The contracts of the Managing Board members do not stipulate that 
variable compensation amounts are to be invested predominantly in shares of the Company 
or granted accordingly. The Supervisory Board believes that such a structure would not be 
more beneficial to the long-term promotion of the Company's well-being and to ensuring 
sustainable and long-term success of the Company." 
Financial Information Concerning the Sixt Group's Assets and Liabilities, Financial Condition 
and Profit and Losses 
Historical Financial Information 
The English language translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of Sixt SE as at and 
for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022 and the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE as at and for the financial year ended on 31 December 2021, each prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and the additional requirements pursuant to section 315e (1) German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch), and the respective unqualified audit reports thereon, are incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus as indicated in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
The English language translation of the condensed consolidated interim financial information of Sixt SE 
as at and for the three-month period ended on 31 March 2023, which has been prepared in accordance 
with the IFRS recognition and measurement principles and which was neither audited nor reviewed, is 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus as indicated in the section entitled "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference".  
Legal Proceedings and Out of Court Proceedings Involving the Sixt Group  
Neither Sixt SE nor any of its subsidiaries has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings during the last twelve months, against or affecting Sixt SE or any of its subsidiaries, nor is 
Sixt SE aware of any pending or threatened proceedings, which (in either case) may have or have had 
in the recent past significant effects on the financial condition or profitability of Sixt SE or the Sixt Group. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of Sixt SE amounts to EUR 120,174,996.48 divided 
into 46,943,358 shares with a notional amount of EUR 2.56 per share. Both, ordinary shares and non-
voting preference shares, have been issued. All the shares have been fully paid up. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the share capital is composed of: 
 
No-par value shares 
Nominal amount in EUR 
Ordinary shares 
30,367,112 
77,739,806.72 
Non-voting preference shares 
16,576,246 
42,435,189.76 
Balance at the date of this 
Prospectus 
46,943,358 
120,174,996.48 
By resolution of the shareholders' meeting of Sixt SE of 24 June 2020 the Management Board was 
authorised, as specified in the resolution, to acquire, also by use of derivatives, shares of the Issuer in 
the amount of up to 10 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital at the time of the authorisation or – in case 
the amount of the share capital is lower – at the time of the exercise of the authorisation in the period 
up to 23 June 2025 (including) (the "Authorisation 2020"). The Authorisation 2020 may be exercised

--- Page 187 ---
187 
wholly or partially, on one or more occasions, for any purpose permitted by law. Acquisitions for the 
purpose of trading in treasury shares are excluded.  
The Management Board is authorised to increase the share capital on one or more occasions in the 
period up to 23 June 2025 (including), with the consent of the Supervisory Board, by up to a maximum 
of EUR 32,640,000.00 by issuing new no-par value bearer shares against cash and/or non-cash 
contributions (authorised capital 2020). The authorisation also includes the power to issue new non-
voting preference shares, which rank equal to the non-voting preference shares previously issued by 
Sixt SE. 
Furthermore, according to article 4 (5) of the Articles of Association, the share capital of Sixt SE is 
conditionally increased by up to EUR 15,360,000.00 through the issuance of up to 6,000,000 new no-
par value bearer shares consisting of ordinary shares and/or non-voting preference shares (conditional 
capital 2020). The conditional capital increase is only to be effected, if and to the extent, the holders of 
convertible bonds or bonds with warrants issued until 23 June 2025 (including), exercise their 
conversion rights or conversion obligations from such bonds are fulfilled and no other form of settlement 
is used.  
The Management Board is authorised until 23 June 2025 (including) to issue, with the consent of the 
Supervisory Board, convertible bonds or bonds with warrants on one or more occasions in an aggregate 
principal amount of up to EUR 350,000,000 and with conversion rights or warrants for up to 6,000,000 
shares.  
Furthermore, the Management Board of the Issuer is also authorised to issue, on one or more occasions 
in the period up to and including 15 June 2026 with the consent of the Supervisory Board, profit 
participation bonds and/or rights registered in the name of the holder and/or in form of bearer securities 
up to a maximum amount of EUR 350,000,000 with a fixed or indefinite term against cash and/or non-
cash contributions. The profit participation bonds and rights issued under this authorisation may not 
provide for conversion or subscription rights to shares of the Issuer. 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Prospectus, Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH holds 17,701,822 ordinary 
shares of the total number of 30,367,112 ordinary shares of Sixt SE, i.e. 58.3 per cent. of the ordinary 
shares and voting rights in the Issuer. In addition, Mr. Erich Sixt holds two registered ordinary shares 
(auf den Namen lautende Stammaktien) of Sixt SE. 
Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung GmbH is controlled by ES Asset Management and Services GmbH & 
Co. KG ("ESAMS"), which holds approximately 68 per cent. of its share capital, thereby indirectly 
controlling the Issuer. The remaining 32 per cent. of the share capital of Erich Sixt Vermögensverwaltung 
GmbH are held by ESAM Vermögensverwaltung I GmbH & Co. KG ("ESAM I"). The share capital of 
ESAMS is held by Mr. Erich Sixt, Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt. The share capital of 
ESAM I is held in equal proportions by Mr. Alexander Sixt and Mr. Konstantin Sixt. 
The sole general partner of ESAMS is ES Management GmbH. ESAMS is the sole shareholder of ES 
Management GmbH and, therefore, the sole shareholder of its own sole general partner. For purposes 
of voting rights notifications under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz), the 
voting rights attributed to ESAMS are also attributed to Mr. Erich Sixt who is a limited partner of ESAMS.  
On 25 November 2019, as corrected on 18 December 2019, the Issuer disclosed that on 19 November 
2019 it has received a notification pursuant to Sec. 41 of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) informing the Issuer that on 14 November 2019 DWS Investment GmbH, 
with its registered office in Frankfurt am Main, Germany (formerly known as Deutsche Asset & Wealth 
Management Investment GmbH at the time of the previous disclosure) obtained 5.01 per cent. of voting 
rights attached to shares.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Financial Year 
The Issuer's financial year is the calendar year (i.e. ending on 31 December of each calendar year). 
Articles of Association 
In accordance with article 2 of its Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is to rent and utilise 
vehicles, aircraft and moveable equipment, to manage, acquire, administer and provide support for 
companies and equity interests in companies, particularly those whose purpose wholly or partly extends 
to the aforementioned areas of activity, and to carry on any secondary activities that fall within these 
areas in the widest sense, as well as any other business activities that serve its purpose. The Issuer 
can establish branches in Germany and abroad, found, acquire or hold equity interests stakes in other 
companies in and outside Germany. The limits of the aforementioned purpose shall not apply to the 
purpose of subsidiaries and investees. The Issuer is entitled to hand over its operations wholly or partly 
to subsidiaries or investees as well as to transfer its operations wholly or partly to subsidiaries or 
investees. The Issuer can limit its activities to one or specific purposes of the aforementioned objects, 
and also to the activity of a holding company and/or the administration of other own assets. 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Sixt Group has entered into any material contracts that are not part of the 
ordinary course of its business and that could result in any member of the Sixt Group being under an 
obligation or an entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Holders in 
respect of any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
Third Party Information and Statement by Experts and Declaration of any Interest 
Other than expressly provided in this Prospectus, the Issuer has not relied on third party information 
and/or statements by experts. The Issuer confirms that, where information has been sourced from a 
third party, this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Presentation of Industry and Market Data  
This Prospectus contains a number of references to data and studies prepared by third parties on such 
topics as developments in the vehicle rental business and markets in which the Sixt Group operates, 
and related matters. Certain economic and industry data, market data and market forecasts set forth in 
this Prospectus were extracted from data and studies prepared by third parties. 
Investors are advised to consider the information derived from third parties with caution. Market studies 
are often based on information or assumptions that may not be accurate or appropriate or may not 
reflect current market conditions and their methodology is inherently predictive and speculative. Such 
data is based on market research, which itself is based on sampling and subjective judgments by both 
the researchers and the respondents, including judgments about what types of products and 
transactions should be included in the relevant market. Therefore, investors should note that certain 
estimates of the Issuer are based on such third-party market studies. The Issuer has neither 
independently verified the studies as such nor the figures, market data or other information on which 
third parties have based their studies and, therefore, accepts no liability that the information derived 
from third parties contained in this Prospectus is correct. 
The Issuer believes that its estimates of market and other data and the information it has derived from 
such data is helpful for analysing the industry in which the Sixt Group operates. While the own estimates 
of the Issuer have not been reviewed or verified externally and no warranty is given for the accuracy of 
these estimates or the information derived therefrom, the Issuer nevertheless believes that they are 
reliable. The estimates of the Issuer may differ from estimates made by competitors of the Sixt Group 
or from existing and/or future studies conducted by market research institutes or other sources.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
In particular, the following sources were used in connection with the preparation of this Prospectus: 
Brand Finance, Automotive Industry 2022, The annual report on the most valuable and strongest 
automobile, auto component, tyre & car rental services brands February 2022 
Euromonitor International, Travel 2023, January 2023 
Deloitte, 2021 Global Automotive Consumer Study 
Oliver Wymann, Value Pool Report: How Urban Mobility Will Change by 2030, 2022 
Statista, Car Rentals Worldwide, 2022 
Statista, Car Rentals Worldwide, 2023

--- Page 190 ---
190 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used by the Sixt Group for general corporate 
purposes, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may apply the net proceeds from an 
issue of the Notes specifically for Green Projects.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT OR 
OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY MAY HAVE 
AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING 
THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN EACH 
COUNTRY OF WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION 
AND THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement concluded between the Issuer and the Dealers as a basis upon which 
the Dealers or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes, the selling restrictions set 
out below shall be observed in connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes. 
1. General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Prospectus, no action has been or will be taken 
in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they subscribe, purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in 
their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it subscribes for, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Prospectus or, as the case may be, any supplement to this Prospectus 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the subscription, purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such subscriptions. purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each issue of Notes the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer acknowledges that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it 
has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes constituting part of its allotment within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (x) as part of its distribution 
at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the closing date. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken and each 
further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
undertake that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes and it and they 
have complied with, and will comply with, the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period (within the meaning of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect:

--- Page 193 ---
193 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Notes may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date. Terms used above have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Notes to be issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to 
the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the 
relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer the 
completion of the distribution of its portion of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such 
notification or notifications, the Fiscal Agent agrees to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the 
end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Terms used in 
paragraph 2 (a) and (b) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and undertake, that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with 
respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written 
consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation section including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D 
Rules"). 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer to be 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, 
and during the 40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has 
not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Notes 
for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer 
retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements 
of U. S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats

--- Page 194 ---
194 
and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii) above on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for 
the benefit of the purchaser of the Notes and the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above. 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
3. Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
in the European Economic Area" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation hereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the 
European Economic Area" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
in relation to each member state of the EAA (each a "Relevant Member State"), that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in that Relevant Member State, except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
Approved Prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1 (4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Authorised Institutions: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 Offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 195 ---
195 
(d) 
Other Exempt Offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to any applicable national law of any Relevant Member 
State, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
4. Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, no Notes may be offered or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 
of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 
to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (i) or (ii) 
above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in 
compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial 
Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such 
Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any 
damages suffered by the investors. 
5. Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors 
in the United Kingdom" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation hereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 196 ---
196 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning the provisions of the United Kingdom Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the 
United Kingdom" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation hereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Approved Prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 
74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
Authorised Institutions: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 Offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation) in the 
United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other Exempt Offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression "United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of the domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of 
the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
6. Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or, or for the benefit of a resident of Japan except pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have been published previously or are published simultaneously with 
this Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
Prospectus, to the extent set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference" below, 
provided that (i) any information not specifically set out in the "Table of Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" but included in the documents incorporated by reference is either not relevant for the investor 
or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus and shall, therefore, not be deemed to be included in this 
Prospectus, and (ii) any statement contained in this Prospectus or in any information incorporated by 
reference in, and forming part of, this Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any information subsequently 
deemed to have been incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such (earlier) statement: 
Table of Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Page in 
this 
Pro-
spectus 
Section in 
this 
Prospectus 
Document Incorporated by Reference 
Pages of 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
186 
Description  
of Sixt SE  
as Issuer 
A: Annual Report 2021 of Sixt SE 
 
 
- Consolidated income statement and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Pages 104 – 105 
 
 
- Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 106 
 
 
- Consolidated cash flow statement  
Pages 107 – 108 
 
 
- Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 109 
 
 
- Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 110 – 156 
 
 
- Independent auditors' report1 
Pages 159 – 166 
 
 
 
 
186 
Description 
of Sixt SE as 
Issuer 
B: Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE 
 
- Consolidated statement of income and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 124 
- Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 125 
- Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 126 
- Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 127 
- Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 128 – 178 
- Independent auditors' report2 
Pages 181 – 186 
 
1  
English language translation of the German language auditor's report. The auditor's report was issued in accordance with section 322 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) in the German language on the German version of the consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE and the combined management report. The combined management report is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
2  
English language translation of the German language auditor's report. The auditor's report was issued in accordance with section 322 of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) in the German language on the German version of the consolidated financial statements of 
Sixt SE and the combined management report. The combined management report is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Page in 
this 
Pro-
spectus 
Section in 
this 
Prospectus 
Document Incorporated by Reference 
Pages of 
Document 
Incorporated by 
Reference 
186 
Description  
of Sixt SE  
as Issuer 
C: Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE 
(neither audited nor reviewed)  
 
 
- Economic Report 
Pages 1 – 3  
 
 
- Consolidated statement of income and statement of 
comprehensive income 
Page 4 
 
 
- Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 5 
 
 
- Consolidated statement of cash flows  
Page 6 
 
 
- Additional financial information 
Pages 7 – 9  
 
 
 
 
 
The documents set out above and the information contained therein and incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus are English language translations of their respective binding German language 
counterparts. 
The documents set out in the table above will be viewable on, and obtainable free of charge from, the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as follows: 
-  
the Annual Report 2021 of Sixt SE 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103358475f58b543e0b7d97e481bce3bb9 
-  
the Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104ac903f72d3248cebbfb52c1af9bb633 
- 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10b32e0c9e6550488b878a32ba0982a0b8

--- Page 200 ---
200 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list Notes to be issued under the 
Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit such Notes to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which appears on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission. Notes to be issued under the Programme may also be admitted 
to trading on the regulated markets of other stock exchanges or listed on other stock exchanges or may 
not be listed at all. 
Clearing Systems 
Notes may be cleared through either Clearstream Banking S.A. (42, Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg) ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) 
("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking AG (Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany) ("CBF") 
or any other relevant Clearing System (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The appropriate 
securities codes for each Tranche allocated by CBL, Euroclear and/or CBF will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board of the 
Issuer on 27 May 2020 and the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the updated 
Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Management Board of the Issuer on 5 May 2023. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (as set out in the section entitled "Names and Addresses"): 
(i) 
the Articles of Association (Satzung) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Annual Report 2021 of Sixt SE; 
(iii) 
the Annual Report 2022 of Sixt SE; 
(iv) 
the Group Quarterly Statement as at 31 March 2023 of Sixt SE; 
(v) 
copies of this Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus; 
(vi) 
any supplement to this Prospectus; 
(vii) 
any Final Terms prepared in connection with Notes to be issued under the Programme and to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a member state 
of the EEA or publicly offered in a member state of the EEA; and 
(vii) 
any separate copy of an issue-specific summary prepared in connection with Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
In addition, the Articles of Association of Sixt SE are also obtainable via the website of the Issuer 
(https://about.sixt.com/investor-relations/). 
Copies of this Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference herein and any supplement hereto 
will be displayed on and will be obtainable free of charge via the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639).

--- Page 201 ---
201 
In the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of a stock exchange located in a 
member state of the EEA or publicly offered in a member state of the EEA, the Final Terms and (in case 
of Notes with a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency)) a separate copy of the issue-specific summary prepared in connection with such Notes will 
be displayed on and will be obtainable free of charge via the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com/issuer/Sixt/63639).

--- Page 202 ---
202 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
Sixt SE 
Zugspitzstrasse 1 
82049 Pullach 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Str. 18  
80333 München 
Germany 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz),  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6 Avenue de Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52 - 58  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8,  
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 203 ---
203 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
AUDITORS 
Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Rosenheimer Platz 4 
81669 Munich 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
To the Dealers 
 
Dentons Europe (Germany) GmbH & Co. KG 
Thurn-und-Taxis-Platz 6 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany