--- Page 1 ---
LEGAL#23900479v6 
This Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervision Authority on 7 July 2023 and is valid for twelve months 
after the date of its approval, provided that it is supplemented as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
PROGRAMME FOR ISSUANCES OF COVERED BONDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2(80) 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) relates to Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)’s (“SEB” or the “Bank”) programme 
for issuances of covered bonds (säkerställda obligationer) under which fixed interest rate and floating interest rate covered bond loans 
(säkerställda obligationslån) (“Covered Bond Loans” or, when referred to individually, a “Covered Bond Loan”) in SEK are issued 
in accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda 
obligationer) (the “Covered Bonds Act”) (“Covered Bonds” or, when referred to individually, a “Covered Bond”) 
(the “Programme”). A Covered Bond may be issued in a minimal Nominal Amount of the SEK equivalent to EUR 100,000 and with 
a minimum term of one year.  
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for covered bonds (the “General Terms and Conditions”) 
beginning on page 36, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which begin on page 49 (the “Final Terms”) have the 
same meanings when used in this Prospectus, unless expressly stated or otherwise follows from the context. 
This Prospectus shall be read in conjunction with any documents incorporated by reference (see Section “ Incorporation by reference”), 
the Final Terms for each Covered Bond Loan and any supplements to this Prospectus. 
The Prospectus is not a recommendation to subscribe for or acquire Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any recipients of 
this Prospectus and/or any Final Terms, must make their own assessment of SEB based on this Prospectus, the documents incorporated 
by reference (see Section “Incorporation by reference”), the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan and any supplements to this 
Prospectus. 
Notice to investors 
This Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or 
in connection with this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration 
or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons 
into whose possession this Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply with such restrictions. Any 
failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Prospectus. Should 
such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been authorised or approved by 
SEB and SEB assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the publication of this Prospectus nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Covered Bond implies that the information in this Prospectus is correct and current as at any date other than the 
date of this Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in SEB’s or the Group’s business since the date of this Prospectus. If 
the information in this Prospectus becomes subject to any material change, such material change will be made public in accordance 
with the provisions governing the publication of supplements to prospectuses in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 14th June, 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
MiFID II Product Governance 
In respect of each issue of Covered Bonds, each Issuing House (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) will undertake a 
target market assessment in respect of such Covered Bonds and determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such Covered 
Bonds. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID II”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Covered Bonds (either by adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation 
to each issue as to whether any Issuing House participating in the issue of Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Forward-looking statements and market data 
The Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect SEB’s current views or expectations with respect to future 
events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, 
constitute forward-looking information. Although SEB believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and 
expectations, SEB cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause SEB’s and the Group’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements 
include, but are not limited to, those described in the section “Risk factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Prospectus 
apply only to the date of the Prospectus. SEB undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking 
information that can be ascribed to SEB and the Group or persons acting on SEB’s behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred 
to in this section. 
The Prospectus contains market data and industry forecasts, including information related to the sizes of the markets in which the 
Group participates. The information has been extracted from a number of sources. Although SEB regards these sources as reliable, the 
information contained in them has not been independently verified and therefore it cannot be guaranteed that this information is 
accurate and complete. However, as far as SEB is aware and can assure by comparison with other information made public by these 
sources, no information has been omitted in such a way as to render the information reproduced incorrect or misleading. In addition to 
the above, certain data in the Prospectus is also derived from estimates made by SEB.

--- Page 3 ---
3(80) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 9 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ............................................................................................................ 36 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................... 49 
DESCRIPTION OF SEB ....................................................................................................................................... 53 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS ............................................... 62 
SUMMARY OF THE SWEDISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION ............................................................ 70 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ...................................................... 76 
ADDRESSES ......................................................................................................................................................... 80

--- Page 4 ---
4(80) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) is a banking company 
(bankaktiebolag) licensed by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) to issue covered bonds under the Covered 
Bonds Act. 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) was incorporated under the laws of 
Sweden on 29th December, 1971. SEB’s registration number is 502032-9081 
and the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of SEB is F3JS33DEI6XQ4ZBPTN86. 
SEB has its principal office at Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 Stockholm. 
Arranger: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Dealers: 
SEB has appointed Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial, Nordea Bank 
Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB 
(publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers (emissionsinstitut) under the 
Programme. Additional Dealers may be appointed and a Dealer may withdraw 
from its appointment. 
The Dealers have, by arrangements with SEB, made certain commitments to 
SEB including, inter alia, to (subject to certain conditions) offer Covered Bond 
Loans in the capital market and promote trading of Covered Bonds in the 
secondary market. The Dealers will, subject to certain conditions, post rates of 
trade with respect to all or some Covered Bond Loans. 
Description: 
The Programme constitutes a framework under which SEB has the opportunity 
to issue Covered Bond Loans in SEK with different maturities. In addition to 
the Programme, SEB has established the Global MTN Programme under which, 
amongst other things, covered bonds may be issued. SEB may from time to 
time establish other covered bond programmes. 
The decision to establish the Programme was made by SEB’s board of directors. 
Decisions to raise Covered Bond Loans are made by persons who are authorised 
by the board of directors, or such person(s) authorised by them, to sign for SEB. 
Purchases and sales are made through the Dealers that have, according to an 
agreement with SEB and subject to certain conditions, undertaken to offer 
Covered Bond Loans on the financial market, to actively promote trade of 
Covered Bonds on the secondary market and to, if possible, continuously report 
purchase- and sale interest rates of the Covered Bonds. An agreement regarding 
the Programme was entered into with the Dealers on 16th July, 2020 (as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time). 
Covered Bond Loan: 
SEB will issue Covered Bond Loans in SEK. Each Covered Bond Loan is 
represented by Covered Bonds with a certain denomination as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The General Terms and Conditions are found in Section “General Terms and 
Conditions and form of Final Terms”. Final Terms will be prepared for each 
Covered Bond Loan and will be published by SEB and submitted to the SFSA 
(see Section “General Terms and Conditions and form of Final Terms”). 
Final Terms in respect of Covered Bond Loans that are offered to the public or 
otherwise admitted to trading on a regulated market will be filed with the SFSA 
as soon as practicable, if possible in advance of the beginning of the offer and 
at the latest prior to the admission to trading. Such Final Terms will be 
published on SEB’s website at www.sebgroup.com. The information on the 
website is not part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
5(80) 
 
Covered Bond: 
A unilateral dematerialised promissory note registered in accordance with the 
Financial 
Instrument 
Accounting 
Act 
(lag 
(1998:1479) 
om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument), issued by 
SEB in accordance with the provisions of this Prospectus and provided with a 
right of priority over SEB’s Cover Pool in accordance with the Covered Bonds 
Act. 
Cover Pool: 
The assets comprising the Cover Pool will change from time to time. SEB 
makes portfolio information available to investors on a quarterly basis. Such 
information will be available on SEB’s website at www.sebgroup.com. The 
information on the website is not part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
Pricing: 
Since Covered Bonds under a Covered Bond Loan may be issued continuously 
for an extended period, it is not possible to set one market price for all Covered 
Bonds. The price is determined for each transaction by agreement between the 
buyer and the seller. 
Determination of loan 
amount, Tap Issuance and 
repurchases 
Loan amount 
Covered Bonds may continuously be sold through the Dealers in accordance 
with the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. The loan amount of each 
Covered Bond Loan will in such cases be determined once the sale of such 
Covered Bond Loan has been closed. 
Tap Issuance 
During the term of a Covered Bond Loan, SEB may continuously issue Covered 
Bonds (“Tap Issuance”) in the denomination and under the conditions set for 
each loan without limitation as regards the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Covered Bonds outstanding from time to time, provided, however, that the 
nominal value of the assets in the Cover Pool at all times exceeds the nominal 
value of the liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued from time to time 
by at least 2 per cent. A Tap Issuance of Covered Bonds can generally be made 
until the maturity date of the relevant Covered Bond Loan. Covered Bonds 
issued under a Tap Issuance are in every aspect equal to Covered Bonds already 
issued under the relevant Covered Bond Loan (except as regards the issue price 
and the first interest payment date). Consequently, a Bondholder will on the 
following interest payment date have the same right to payment of interest as 
the other Bondholders under the same Covered Bond Loan. Final Terms will 
be prepared in connection with Tap Issuance(s) made after the first issue date 
of the Covered Bond Loan. 
The fact that a Covered Bond may be outstanding only for part of an interest 
period is reflected in the issue price. 
Repurchase 
SEB may repurchase Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open 
market or otherwise provided that this is compatible with applicable law. 
Covered Bonds owned by SEB may be retained, resold or cancelled at SEB’s 
discretion. 
Denominations: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan, but the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be the SEK equivalent of 
EUR 100,000. 
Currency: 
SEK. 
Interest Rate: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. Each Covered Bond 
Loan will have a fixed or floating interest rate. Interest is paid at the time stated 
in the Final Terms to Bondholders.

--- Page 6 ---
6(80) 
 
European Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Interest payable under Covered Bonds Loans may be calculated by reference to 
a specified benchmark (i.e. STIBOR), as defined in the General Terms and 
Conditions. STIBOR is provided by the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
AB. At the date of this Prospectus, the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
AB is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
The General Terms and Conditions provide that the interest rate benchmark 
STIBOR, which applies for the Covered Bonds, can be replaced as set out 
therein, upon the occurrence of a Base Rate Event which includes if STIBOR 
ceases to be calculated of administered. 
Interest Payment Date: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. 
Maturity Date: 
As stated in the Final Terms of each Covered Bond Loan. 
Extendable Obligations: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Extended Maturity applies to a 
Covered Bond Loan. For such Covered Bond Loan, the Maturity Date may be 
extended twelve (12) months or such other specified period to the Extended 
Maturity Date, in each case, subject to (i) such extension being permitted by the 
SFSA as a result of it being deemed likely that the extension will prevent 
insolvency (obestånd (insolvens)) of SEB or otherwise as a result of a trigger 
of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Covered Bonds Act (as amended) or 
any other legislation that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered Bond 
Directive and (ii) the Final Terms specifies the date being the Extended 
Maturity Date.  
Furthermore, the extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding 
from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any 
right of the Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer 
and no payment will be payable to the Bondholders in that event other than as 
set out in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount at an Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Green Bonds: 
SEB may elect to issue Covered Bonds where the proceeds from such issuance 
shall, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, be applied in accordance with 
its green bond framework (January 2022) (“Green Bonds”) published on its 
website1, including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated 
from time to time on the investor relations pages of the website of SEB at 
https://sebgroup.com/investor-relations/debt-investors/sebs-green-bonds, 
relating to the issuance of Green Bonds (the “Green Bond Framework”). 
An independent third party second opinion (the “Second Opinion”) on the 
Green Bond Framework has been issued by CICERO Shades of Green AS 
(“Cicero”). The Green Bond Framework and the Second Opinion by Cicero are 
available on the investor relations pages of the website of SEB at 
https://sebgroup.com/investor-relations/debt-investors/sebs-green-bonds. 
It should be noted that any failure of the Bank to comply with the Green Bond 
Framework does not constitute an event of default or termination event under 
the General Terms and Conditions. Neither are Bondholders entitled to early 
 
1 https://webapp.sebgroup.com/mb/mblib.nsf/a-
w/4CBB139B638842FEC12587D80057803B/$FILE/SEB_Green_Bond_Framework_January_2022_Final2.pdf

--- Page 7 ---
7(80) 
 
payment, repurchase or redemption of any Covered Bonds, or other type of 
compensation for non-compliance with the Green Bond Framework. 
None of the Green Bond Framework, any Second Opinion, nor any of the other 
above investor reports, verification assessments, opinions or the contents of any 
of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Prospectus. 
Registration, clearing and 
settlement: 
Covered Bonds will be registered in the online account-based system of 
Euroclear Sweden or other clearing organisation, and clearing and settlement 
will be executed upon trading in such system. Physical notes representing 
Covered Bonds will not be issued. 
Admission to trading: 
If admission to trading is specified in the relevant Final Terms, SEB shall apply 
to have the Covered Bond Loan admitted to trading at the specified listing 
venue. 
Preliminary 
withholding-tax: 
Euroclear Sweden deducts withholding tax, presently 30 per cent., on interest 
paid to private individuals resident in Sweden as well as to Swedish estates of 
inheritance. 
Status: 
The Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of SEB and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are 
obligations issued or converted in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and 
rank pari passu with all other obligations of SEB that have been provided with 
the same priority as Covered Bonds pursuant to the Swedish Preferential Rights 
of Creditors Act. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are 
not met out of the pool of assets, the residual claims will rank at least pari passu 
with the claims of unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of SEB, and in 
priority to the claims of creditors on or in respect of all senior non-preferred 
and subordinated obligations. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the sale of Covered Bonds may be 
restricted by law in certain countries. Therefore, holders of this Prospectus 
and/or of Covered Bonds must inform themselves about any restrictions and 
comply with such restrictions. 
Bondholders’ meeting: 
The General Terms and Conditions include certain provisions regarding a 
Bondholders’ meeting, which may be held in order to resolve on matters 
relating to Bondholders’ interests. Such provisions allow for designated 
majorities to bind all Bondholders, including Bondholders who have not 
participated in or voted at the actual meeting or who have voted differently than 
the required majority, to decisions that have been taken at a duly convened and 
conducted Bondholders’ meeting.  
Use of proceeds: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from 
each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by SEB in its ordinary business 
operations. For any Green Bonds, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
issue of the Green Bonds will be applied in accordance with the Green Bond 
Framework. 
Time-bar: 
The right to receive payment of the nominal amount shall be time-barred and 
become void 10 years from the relevant maturity date and the right to receive 
payment of interest shall be time-barred and become void 3 years from the 
relevant due date for payment. SEB is entitled to any funds set aside for 
payments that have become time-barred. 
Governing law: 
Each Covered Bond Loan will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with Swedish law. 
Processing of personal 
data 
In order to comply with the Conditions for a Loan, SEB and the Dealers, may, 
acting as a data controllers, collect and process personal data. The processing

--- Page 8 ---
8(80) 
 
is based on SEB’s or each Dealer’s legitimate interest to fulfil its respective 
obligations under the Conditions. Unless otherwise required or permitted by 
law, the personal data will not be kept longer than necessary given the purpose 
of the processing. To the extent permitted under the Conditions, personal data 
may be shared with third parties, such as Euroclear, which will process the 
personal data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally have 
right to know what personal data SEB and each Dealer processes about them 
and may request the same in writing at SEB’s or the relevant Dealer’s registered 
address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that personal data is 
rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided by themselves in 
machine-readable format. Information about SEB’s and each Dealer’s 
respective personal data processing can be obtained by requesting the same in 
writing at SEB’s or each Dealer’s respective website. 
Expected credit rating: 
Each Covered Bond Loan is expected to be assigned the credit rating Aaa from 
Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”). Moody’s is established 
in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 
(as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”). A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating 
agency. Credit ratings are a way of evaluating credit risk. For more information 
regarding the credit rating, visit www.moodys.com. 
The following table sets out the possible long-term ratings assigned by 
Moody’s. 
Global long-term rating 
Aaa 
Baa 
Caa 
Aa 
Ba 
Ca 
A 
B 
C 
 
European (including the UK) regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to certain transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU and non-UK rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to certain transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the 
status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes, European 
(including the UK) regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating 
for regulatory purposes and the Covered Bonds may have a different regulatory 
treatment. This may result in European (including the UK) regulated investors 
selling the Covered Bonds which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds 
and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.

--- Page 9 ---
9(80) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including SEB’s economic and market risks, 
operational risks, finance risks, legal and regulatory risks and risks relating to all Covered Bonds. SEB’s 
assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available 
and estimates made on the date of this Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
 
Risk factors related to the markets and economies in which SEB operates 
SEB’s business, earnings and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global and regional 
financial markets and by global and regional economic conditions. 
The macroeconomic environment is the major driver of risk to SEB’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Adverse conditions in the general economy and financial markets affect SEB in a number of ways, including, 
among others, a decrease in the demand for certain loans and other products and services offered by SEB, increased 
cost of funding, a decrease in net interest income, net interest margin and net fee and commission income, a 
deterioration in credit quality, an increase in loan provisioning levels, a decrease in prices of real property and 
financial assets held as collateral for loans, volatile fair values for many of SEB’s financial instruments and higher 
goodwill impairment charges, all of which have in the past resulted in lower profitability and may have the same 
effect in future periods.  
With a significant part of its operating profit arising from its Large Corporates & Financial Institutions division, 
SEB’s results of operations are particularly exposed to the risk of weak economic and financial activity, volatility 
in interest rates and currency markets and a downturn in the financial markets in general. In the first quarter of 
2023, the banking sector in the United States and globally came under pressure following the bank failures of 
certain regional banks in the United States and the takeover of Credit Suisse Group AG by UBS Group AG in a 
government-brokered transaction, which were strongly influenced by macroeconomic conditions, including rising 
interest rates and monetary policy tightening. Such macroeconomic conditions, if continued, could result in further 
bank failures or a slowdown in economic growth and the potential for further volatility or recession in the markets 
in which SEB’s clients operate or globally, thereby exacerbating already negative trends in the near-term economic 
and financial outlook. 
As the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus escalated into a global pandemic in the first quarter of 2020, market 
volatility reached levels not seen since the most recent global financial crisis. Economies globally deteriorated 
rapidly in the second quarter of 2020 as various measures, including large-scale restrictions on movement, were 
implemented to contain the spread of the COVID-19 virus. Moreover, supply shortages in the global economy 
became increasingly apparent during 2021, impacting global macroeconomic conditions. These shortages 
combined with increased demand and higher commodity and energy prices started to drive global inflation up in 
2021, causing central banks to begin a cycle of material tightening of monetary policies in 2022. Further, a renewed 
wave of COVID-19 and lock-down policies in China also impacted global supply chains in 2022.  
The Russian Federation’s invasion of Ukraine on 24th February, 2022 and the subsequent implementation of 
extensive sanctions, including those by the US, UK, EU, Canada, Japan and Australia on Russia and Russia’s 
counter-measures, exacerbated energy supply shortages, resulting in further increases in energy and non-energy 
commodity prices as well as global inflationary and interest rate pressures, which has caused leading central banks 
around the world to initiate earlier and more rapid tightening of their monetary policies than previously anticipated. 
Key policy rates in Sweden, the Eurozone, the United States and elsewhere increased rapidly during 2022, and 
such policy rates continued to increase in the first quarter of 2023. The heightened uncertainty and general 
downward revision of economic growth forecasts (which include potential global and/or regional recession) is 
having and is expected to continue to have adverse effects on global markets as well as on SEB and SEB’s 
customers.

--- Page 10 ---
10(80) 
 
On 27th February, 2022, Sweden announced that it would break its doctrine of not sending arms to countries in 
active conflict by sending military equipment to Ukraine and, on 17th May, 2022, submitted an application to join 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). NATO signed off on Sweden’s accession protocol on 5th July, 
2022, which is as of the date of this Prospectus subject to ratification by existing NATO members. 
The Russia-Ukraine war, if escalated further, could result in further substantial geopolitical instability (including 
as a result of the ongoing tensions between China and Taiwan and between China and the U.S.), trade restrictions, 
supply chain disruptions, increases in energy prices and global inflationary pressure, which could in turn have 
further adverse impacts on the regional and global economic environment. 
The Group’s operations in Sweden account for a significant part of its operating profit and the other Nordic 
countries of Denmark, Finland and Norway are also important to the Group’s profitability. Economic conditions 
in Sweden and other Nordic countries worsened significantly in 2020 due to various restrictions following the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, but recovered rapidly during the second half of 2020 and 2021. In 2022, the 
Nordic economies were impacted by the global supply shortages, higher commodity prices and inflation, a 
development which accelerated following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Inflation in Sweden measured as the 
Consumer Price Index with fixed interest rates (“CPIF”) peaked in November 2022 and stood at 10.5 per cent. in 
April 2023, while CPIF excluding energy peaked in February 2023 and was 7.6 per cent. in April 2023, reflecting 
continued sharp increases in prices for both goods and services. In response to rising inflation, starting in April 
2022, the Riksbank raised the policy rate seven times, most recently on 29th June, 2023 and has indicated the 
policy rate to be increased at least one more time this year. The policy rate is 3.75 per cent. with effect from 5th 
July, 2023, from 0.00 per cent. that was in effect from January 2020 to early May 2022. Inflation and higher 
interest rates are putting severe strains on households and businesses, which has started to impact economic 
growth.  
According to Statistics Sweden, the Swedish household sector’s total debt in relation to its disposable income has 
almost doubled over the past 20 years, largely driven by the low interest rate environment and significant increase 
in housing prices over the same period. During the COVID-19 pandemic, from 2020 to 2021, the increase in 
housing prices accelerated, rising by approximately 20 per cent., according to Valueguard’s housing price index, 
driven by continued low rates and increased demand in the house segment. As interest rates started to rise in 2022, 
this upward trend reversed course, and housing prices began to fall considerably. As of December 2022, 
Valueguard’s housing price index (which is no longer published to the general public since the beginning of 2023) 
had declined by slightly less than 15 per cent. from the peak in February 2022, bringing prices back to levels seen 
in the beginning of 2021. Although housing prices were largely stable in the first quarter of 2023, according to 
Mäklarstatistik, there can be no assurance that housing prices will not deteriorate further, including as a result of 
further increases in interest rates, inflation, and unemployment or for other reasons. The rising interest rates have 
also raised concerns around the commercial real estate market in Sweden, which has grown rapidly during the past 
decade. Volatile market conditions and falling real estate prices could lead to a deterioration in the quality and/or 
value of SEB’s collateral (e.g., an increase in its loan-to-value ratio), which could have a material adverse effect 
on SEB’s results of operations, asset quality and financial condition. See also “Risk factors related to SEB’s 
operations - SEB is exposed to declining property values on the collateral supporting household mortgages as 
well as lending to residential and commercial real estate and housing co-operative associations”. 
Volatility in oil and gas prices in recent years, driven by, for example, the consequences of the COVID-19 
pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect 
on certain industry sectors in Europe and on Norway, one of SEB’s core markets. The oil price drop in 2020 
particularly impacted the offshore segment of the oil industry, and increased provisions for individual 
counterparties in this segment accounted for a large share of SEB’s net expected credit losses in 2020. The high 
energy prices in 2022, following the imposition of extensive sanctions on Russia, although somewhat eased in the 
first quarter of 2023, have had and are expected to continue to have an adverse effect on energy-intensive industry 
sectors in Europe. Accordingly, SEB increased provisions on a portfolio level for this risk in 2022. 
These developments have had and could continue to have a negative impact on asset values, many of which have 
significantly inflated in recent years, elevated debt levels and economic growth, which could in turn adversely 
affect SEB’s results of operations and financial condition. 
Significant uncertainty remains as to the full extent of the adverse economic consequences of the COVID-19 
pandemic. See also “Risk Factors related to the Markets and Economies in which SEB operates - Actions taken 
during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely impact and may further adversely impact SEB and its

--- Page 11 ---
11(80) 
 
customers and counterparties, and could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s business, financial position, 
results of operations, and prospects” for further information.  
Negative economic growth, a delay in the economic recovery, continued increases in inflation, a material increase 
in unemployment or a further significant decline in real estate prices in Sweden, the other Nordic countries or the 
other markets in which SEB operates, including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, could have a material 
adverse effect on SEB’s results of operations, business, financial condition, liquidity and/or prospects. 
The precise nature of all the risks and uncertainties SEB faces as a result of the global economic outlook cannot 
be accurately predicted and many of these risks are outside SEB’s control. The outlook is more uncertain than 
normal, due to the many difficult to analyse factors such as the Russia-Ukraine war, energy price developments 
and the trade-offs by central banks between fighting inflation and supporting economic activity. No assurance can 
be given as to future economic conditions in any of SEB’s markets. If economic conditions deteriorate in any of 
SEB’s main markets, or if there is an economic crisis or significant market volatility, including as a result of the 
Russia-Ukraine war, commodity price volatility, inflationary pressures, further volatility in the global banking 
sector, changes to U.S. foreign and trade policy or global trade wars, SEB’s results of operations, business, 
financial condition, liquidity and/or prospects could be negatively affected. 
Actions taken during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely impact and may further adversely impact 
SEB and its customers and counterparties, and could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s business, financial 
position, results of operations, and prospects. 
The outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus disease, COVID-19, has created a global public-health crisis that has 
resulted in widespread volatility and deteriorations in household, business, economic, and market conditions. On 
11th March, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a global pandemic. The 
initial stage of the pandemic was marked by episodes of significant financial market volatility, and a sharp decline 
in economic activity arising from measures introduced by various governments in the markets in which the Group 
operates, to reduce the spread of COVID-19. Governments, monetary authorities and regulators had also taken 
actions to support the economy and financial system, including expansionary fiscal and monetary measures to 
increase liquidity and support incomes, and regulatory actions in respect of financial institutions. 
While measures to contain the COVID-19 pandemic have since been removed in the home markets in which SEB 
operates, such measures continue to be periodically applied in certain regions to contain localised outbreaks, which 
may in turn continue to have adverse, unpredictable impacts on the wider global economy. Furthermore, the 
unwinding of governmental, monetary and regulatory actions taken to support the economy and financial system 
during the pandemic may have unintended and unpredictable effects, including financial distress of borrowers who 
had benefitted from such support. COVID-19 and its associated consequences and uncertainties have affected 
individuals, households, and businesses differently and unevenly. The full effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on 
customers remains uncertain, in particular as to the consequences of unwinding governmental aid and support 
measures. The economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have become more visible in terms of labour 
markets, consumption and economic growth, and while they have recovered to various degrees, they may continue 
to adversely impact certain corporate and personal borrowers’ ability to repay their loans, which could in turn have 
a material adverse effect on SEB’s results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and/or prospects. Moreover, 
the recovery in demand has in part led to supply shortages, both in terms of labour and raw materials, in the global 
economy, which have become increasingly apparent. 
If there are significant outbreaks of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other diseases emerge that give rise to similar 
effects, this could have a further adverse impact on the global economy and/or financial markets and, in turn, 
adversely impact SEB in a number of ways, including as a result of (i) declines in net interest income and non-
interest income due to reduced activity or volatility and declining prices in financial, real estate and/or commodities 
markets, (ii) higher credit losses and increases in the allowances for expected credit losses as a result of SEB’s 
customers’ failure to meet existing payment or other obligations to SEB, especially if unemployment continues to 
rise and/or SEB’s clients and customers draw on their lines of credit or seek additional loans or payment holidays 
to help finance their personal or business needs, (iii) a reduction in demand for SEB’s products and services, 
including loans, deposits and asset management services, (iv) a failure to meet the minimum regulatory capital and 
liquidity ratios and other supervisory requirements, (v) possible downgrades to SEB’s credit ratings; and (vi) 
disruptions to significant portions of SEB’s operations as a result of illness, quarantines, shelter-in-place 
arrangements, governmental actions and/or other restrictions imposed by measures intended to contain the 
pandemic.

--- Page 12 ---
12(80) 
 
The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described 
in “Risk Factors”. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic continues to lead to extensive restrictions in certain 
regions, such as China, and the consequences of past government actions intended to counter the effects of the 
pandemic result in sustained adverse effects on global macroeconomic conditions, financial and commodities 
markets and the economic environments in which SEB operates, SEB’s business, financial position, results of 
operations, and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 
Changes, particularly rapid changes, in interest rates have affected and will continue to affect SEB’s business and 
results of operations. 
SEB generally relies on deposits for a significant portion of its funding, which are less costly for SEB due to the 
relatively low rates paid or such rates being zero, in particular for current accounts. SEB’s overall net interest 
margin, which is the difference between the yield on its interest-bearing assets and the cost of its interest-bearing 
liabilities as a percentage of interest-bearing assets, varies according to prevailing interest rates and is a significant 
factor in determining SEB’s profitability. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond SEB’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of 
governments and central banks in the jurisdictions in which SEB operates, which may be unpredictable in nature.  
Rising inflation led to an abrupt shift in monetary policy in Sweden and other jurisdictions in 2022. Starting in 
April 2022, the Riksbank raised the policy rate seven times, most recently on 29th June, 2023 and has indicated 
the policy rate to be increased at least one more time this year. The policy rate is 3.75 per cent. with effect from 
5th July, 2023, from 0.00 per cent. that was in effect from January 2020 to early May 2022. Other central banks, 
such as in Norway, the Eurozone, the UK and the United States also rapidly increased interest rates and further 
increases are expected. Such increases occurred after a long period of low interest rates, and this rapid change is 
impacting global economies in a variety of ways. These and other actions taken by the Riksbank, including 
additional and aggressive increases to the target range for the policy rate, balance sheet management, and any exit 
or perceived exit from quantitative easing, and similar actions taken by other central banks, are difficult to predict. 
These actions affect interest rates, the value of financial instruments, increase the likelihood of a more volatile 
SEK exchange rate and impact SEB’s borrowers. Further increases to prevailing interest rates could influence not 
only the interest SEB receives on loans and investments and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and its 
borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) its ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair 
value of its financial assets and liabilities; and (iii) the average duration of its loan portfolio and other interest-
earning assets. 
Although high interest rates have a positive effect on SEB’s net interest margin (e.g., higher net interest income 
from lending), higher interest rates could lead to higher level of customer defaults and could have an adverse 
impact on consumer spending and therefore overall economic growth, asset values and/or asset quality, which 
could have an adverse effect on SEB. In addition, after a long period of extraordinarily accommodative monetary 
policy, there is a material risk of the ability of corporates and individuals to adjust to a more normal monetary 
policy environment. SEB could also be adversely affected by any significant interest rate differential with one or 
more of its major markets (such as the Eurozone), which could result in a depreciation of SEK. For example, partly 
as a result of such interest rate differentials, SEK depreciated by 11 per cent. against the U.S. dollar and depreciated 
by 9 per cent. against the euro as of 31st March, 2023 compared to 31st March, 2022. 
In the decade leading up to 2022, central banks reduced interest rates to record low levels in the major markets in 
which SEB operates, including the negative interest rates of the Eurozone between June 2014 and July 2022 and 
in Sweden between 2015 and 2019. Interest rates tend to get compressed in a low or negative interest rate 
environment, such as that which prevailed before 2022, resulting in decreases in the amount of net interest income 
generated by SEB and its net interest margin. The negative policy rate between 2015 and 2019 in Sweden adversely 
affected SEB’s deposit margin, yields on excess liquidity placed at the Riksbank, bond portfolios (i.e. liquidity 
and trading bond portfolios as well as those maintained for client facilitation) and fees on its money market funds, 
as these funds’ volumes are reduced as a result of low or zero effective yields and are not placed in other types of 
funds with SEB.  
If zero or negative interest rates return in Sweden, the challenges associated with SEB’s ability to pass the 
consequences of such interest rates on to retail customers and the challenges associated with passing, to the full 
extent, the consequences of such interest rates on to its large corporate customers would likely be exacerbated, 
which could adversely affect SEB’s net interest income.  
SEB’s earnings are exposed to interest rate risk, including basis risk arising from the repricing characteristics of 
SEB’s assets and liabilities. In an environment of increasing interest rates, borrowers with variable rate obligations

--- Page 13 ---
13(80) 
 
may exhibit deterioration in their ability to pay if higher interest rates are not supported by sufficient increases in 
income levels. Increasing interest rates and credit spreads may also have an adverse impact on SEB’s holdings of 
fixed-income and equity securities and credit valuation adjustments to its derivatives positions. See “Risk Related 
to SEB’s Operations - SEB is exposed to changes in the fair value of its holdings of financial instruments and a 
decline in net trading income”. While SEB has implemented certain risk management methods to mitigate the 
interest rate risks to which it is exposed, it is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic or financial 
market conditions and changes in central banks’ goals and monetary policies, and to anticipate the effects that such 
changes could have on SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
SEB is exposed to foreign exchange risk, and a devaluation or depreciation of any of the currencies in which it 
operates could have a material adverse effect on its assets, including its loan portfolio, and its results of operations. 
A substantial portion of loans made by SEB is denominated in currencies other than SEK. A devaluation or 
depreciation of any such currencies other than SEK in which SEB operates or in which it has loan exposure may 
require it to take an impairment charge.  
Any significant devaluation or depreciation in any currencies in which SEB operates could cause adverse foreign 
exchange effects on SEB’s income statement and equity. SEB’s results of operations and financial condition, 
expressed in SEK, would also be adversely affected by the relative weakness of the currency of any other country 
in which it operates, including in particular the euro and, to a lesser extent, the U.S. dollar and the Danish and 
Norwegian krone, compared to the SEK. 
Conversely, a depreciation of the SEK against other currencies in which loans are made to customers (e.g., the 
recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar and any further strengthening of the U.S. dollar and/or other currencies in 
which SEB operates) could result in an increase in SEB’s loan portfolio, resulting in growth in REA and a negative 
impact on capital ratios. For example, in the three months ended 31st March, 2023, SEK depreciated by 1 per cent. 
against the euro and appreciated by 1 per cent. against U.S. dollar, which resulted in an increase in REA of SEK 
2 billion compared to 31st December, 2022. The SEK depreciated by 4 per cent. against the euro and 12 per cent. 
against the U.S. dollar in the year ended 31st December, 2022, which resulted in an increase in REA of SEK 38 
billion compared to 31st December, 2021. In the year ended 31st December, 2021, fluctuations in the exchange 
rate between the SEK and the euro, as well as between the SEK and the U.S. dollar resulted in an increase in REA 
of SEK 16 billion compared to 31st December, 2020. Exchange rate movements could have a significant effect on 
SEB’s balance sheet positions and, over the long term, its results of operations, which are stated in SEK. 
SEB operates in competitive markets, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition and results of 
operations. 
SEB is subject to significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Competition has increased and may 
increase in the future in some or all of SEB’s markets as a result of legislative, regulatory, technological or other 
factors. Increased competition could cause SEB to lose business or compel it to price products and services on less 
advantageous terms, or otherwise have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is impacted by consolidation, at both 
national and international levels, digitalisation, new technologies and regulation, and this trend may impact SEB 
in the principal markets in which it operates. Competition from new market entrants, including alternative 
providers of financial services in the so-called fin-tech space, is changing the competitive landscape rapidly and 
significantly, including by challenging historical banking business models, products, delivery channels and 
customer expectations. It is difficult to predict with certainty how such technological changes may shape the 
competitive landscape. Although SEB believes its businesses are well suited to compete effectively in such an 
environment, it may experience stronger competition for corporate, institutional and retail clients and increased 
pressure on profit margins as well as other pricing pressures on its products and services, particularly as 
competitors seek to build their market share, which may harm SEB’s ability to maintain or increase profitability 
and adversely affect SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, markets and prospects. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist acts, acts of war or hostilities, pandemic diseases, geopolitical, climate-related or 
other unpredictable events could have a negative impact on SEB’s business and results of operations 
Catastrophic events, terrorist acts, acts of war or hostilities (including the war between Russia and Ukraine, and 
the consequent rise in tensions between Russia on the one hand and the U.S., UK, EU and certain other countries 
on the other), pandemic diseases (including the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus), geopolitical, climate-related or 
other unpredictable events and responses to those acts or events may create economic and political uncertainties, 
which could have a negative impact on Swedish, European and international economic conditions generally and,

--- Page 14 ---
14(80) 
 
more specifically, could interrupt SEB’s business and result in substantial losses. Such events or acts and losses 
resulting therefrom are difficult to predict and may relate to property, financial assets, trading positions or key 
employees as well as a material adverse impact on borrowers’ credit quality. If SEB’s business continuity plans 
do not address such events or cannot be implemented under the circumstances or are not effective, such losses may 
increase. Unforeseen events can also lead to increased operating costs, such as higher insurance premiums and the 
need for redundant back-up systems, as well as increased risk management and compliance costs. For example, 
the rapidly changing sanctions environment arising from the U.S., UK and EU response to the ongoing war 
between Russian and Ukraine have required a more intense focus on compliance, and compliance with rapidly 
evolving sanctions may be challenging for banks’ systems. Insurance coverage for certain risks may also be 
unavailable and thus increase SEB’s risk. SEB’s inability to effectively manage these risks could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Acts of war or hostilities may also require SEB to reassess its geographic scope of operations. Under the current 
conditions arising from the war between Russia and Ukraine, SEB believes that it is not viable for it to maintain 
operations in Russia and is in the process of winding down its operations in Russia. During 2022, the Russian 
Federation limited transactions between subsidiaries in Russia and parent companies in so called unfriendly 
countries and restricted funds that may be transferred abroad. In the fourth quarter of 2022, SEB recognised an 
impairment charge of SEK 1.4 billion of the Group’s assets of SEK 7 billion related to Russia. 
Risk Factors related to SEB’s operations 
SEB has significant credit risk exposure and is exposed to the risk of a deterioration of its credit portfolio which 
could lead to increased credit provisioning. 
SEB is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according to their contractual terms and 
that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient. An adverse economic environment or 
industry or counterparty-specific dynamics affecting SEB’s borrowers, such as regulatory changes or rapid market 
evolution, as is currently the case with rising inflation and interest rates, declining asset values and declining or 
negative GDP growth, could result in a deterioration of SEB’s credit portfolio. The specific challenges arising 
from deterioration of the global and regional economic environments as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Russia-Ukraine war and/or continued high energy prices, inflation and higher interest rates may result in a material 
adverse impact on SEB’s credit risk exposure. See also “Risk Factors related to the Markets and Economies in 
which SEB operates - Actions taken during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely impact and may further 
adversely impact SEB and its customers and counterparties, and could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s 
business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects”. SEB’s credit portfolios will remain strongly 
linked to the macroeconomic environments in which SEB operates, with rising energy prices, rising interest rates, 
inflationary pressures, housing price deterioration and consumer over-indebtedness among the factors that may 
impact secured and unsecured credit exposures. For example, the high energy prices in 2022, following the 
imposition of extensive sanctions on Russia, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on 
energy-intensive industry sectors in Europe, and the rapid increase of interest rates has had, and is expected to 
continue to have, impact on the real estate sector in Sweden. As of 31st March, 2023, SEB’s total portfolio model 
overlays amounted to SEK 2.2 billion, mainly to reflect the risks in general from higher energy prices, supply 
chain issues and inflation as well as the challenges within the real estate sector in Sweden, as many companies are 
adjusting to the new interest rate and capital market environments. 
Any significant increase in the size of SEB’s allowances for loan losses in the future could have a material adverse 
effect on its financial position and results of operations. SEB’s allowances for loan losses are based on, among 
other things, its analysis of current and historical delinquency rates and loan management, its customers’ likely 
repayment capacity and the valuation of the underlying assets, as well as numerous other management 
assumptions, including macroeconomic assumptions. Valuation of underlying assets may be adversely affected by 
rising inflation rates. These internal analyses and assumptions may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit 
performance and SEB may experience unexpected reductions in profitability or increased losses as a result. SEB’s 
performance may also be affected by future recovery rates on assets and the historical assumptions underlying 
asset recovery rates, which may no longer be accurate. 
SEB is exposed to declining property values on the collateral supporting household mortgages as well as lending 
to residential and commercial real estate and housing co-operative associations. 
SEB’s total credit portfolio as of 31st March, 2023 was SEK 3,083 billion, of which household mortgage exposure 
amounted to 22 per cent., or SEK 678 billion (of which SEK 589 billion, or 19 per cent. of the total credit portfolio, 
was household mortgage exposure in Sweden), and real estate management exposure amounted to 12 per cent., or

--- Page 15 ---
15(80) 
 
SEK 362 billion (of which SEK 214 billion, or 7 per cent. of the total credit portfolio, was commercial real estate 
exposure, and SEK 147 billion, or 5 per cent. of the total credit portfolio, was residential real estate exposure, 
mainly in Sweden) and SEK 70 billion, or 2 per cent. of the total credit portfolio, was exposure to housing co-
operative associations. 
SEB applies a cash-flow based credit policy that focuses on the repayment capacity of the customer when 
extending credit. This policy also applies to all lending backed by residential or commercial real estate. In 2022, 
the Russia-Ukraine war and subsequent sanctions accelerated the already rising energy prices and inflation in the 
Nordic and Baltic economies, which led the central banks to raise interest rates. The rising interest rates have in 
turn resulted in a significant decline in housing prices and raised concerns around the commercial and residential 
real estate sector in Sweden in particular, which has grown rapidly during the past decade and to what extent the 
rising inflation and higher interest rates may have a negative impact on their repayment capacity and/or financing 
costs and therefore SEB’s credit exposure and asset quality. A further economic downturn in the Nordic and Baltic 
regions as a result of interest rate and inflation developments or for other reasons could adversely affect SEB’s 
commercial and residential property lending portfolio and household mortgage portfolio and generate increases in 
impairment losses, which could materially affect SEB’s financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, and particularly given the relatively significant increase in Swedish housing prices since the 1990s 
and the rapid growth in household debt in Sweden, the effects of any significant decline in property values on the 
wider economy may also contribute to higher default rates and impairment losses on non-property commercial and 
consumer loans. Moreover, declining residential property values in Sweden may also have a material adverse 
effect on SEB’s ability to issue covered bonds, its most important source of wholesale funding, and therefore on 
its financial condition, liquidity and prospects. 
SEB requires significant funding to service its indebtedness and relies on the credit and capital markets to meet a 
significant part of its funding needs. 
As of 31st March, 2023, the amount of outstanding long-term senior unsecured and mortgage covered bond 
funding scheduled to mature within one year and any Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 issuances, which in accordance 
with their terms and conditions may be called in the next twelve months, and require refinancing was SEK 91 
billion. An additional SEK 87 billion and SEK 108 billion were scheduled to mature or may be called on their 
respective call dates within two and three years, respectively. 
Future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, which were particularly volatile 
during the first half of 2020 as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak and again during certain periods 
in 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023, driven by geopolitical events, central banks’ rapid tightening of monetary 
policy and volatility in the global banking sector, could limit SEB’s ability to refinance maturing liabilities with 
long-term funding and increase SEB’s cost of funds (whether in the capital markets or via customer deposits). The 
availability to SEB of any additional financing it may need will depend on a variety of factors, such as market 
conditions, the availability of credit generally and to borrowers in the financial services industry specifically, the 
volume of trading activities, SEB’s financial condition, its credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the 
possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of SEB’s financial prospects. In 
particular, SEB’s access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities impose additional regulatory capital 
requirements or rating agencies downgrade SEB’s credit ratings.  
In addition, like many banks, SEB relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial portion of its funding 
requirements. Such deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside SEB’s control, such as any 
possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, which could result in a significant outflow of deposits within 
a short period of time. Any material decrease in SEB’s deposits could have a negative impact on SEB’s liquidity. 
SEB is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a bank will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, as they 
fall due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-specific 
factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, short-term and overnight 
funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters. 
Rapid increases in interest rates, abrupt changes in monetary or fiscal policy and the actions and commercial 
soundness of other financial institutions have the potential to impact market liquidity.

--- Page 16 ---
16(80) 
 
SEB’s liquidity management focuses on maintaining a diverse and appropriate funding strategy for its operations, 
controlling the diversity of its funding, monitoring and managing the maturity dates of its debts and carefully 
monitoring its undrawn commitments and contingent liabilities toward customers. However, SEB’s internal 
sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, SEB may not be able to successfully obtain 
additional financing on favourable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s liquidity 
and prospects. Additionally, any liquidity constraints that arise in the funding market, or even a perception among 
market participants that a financial institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause significant damage 
to the institution’s funding sources. SEB’s funding base comprises deposits and borrowing from the public 
(excluding repos), deposits from central banks, deposits from credit institutions (excluding repos), debt securities, 
including covered bonds, and subordinated debt.  
Recent adverse developments affecting the banking industry globally, including the failures of Silicon Valley Bank 
and Signature Bank in the United States and the forced sale in Switzerland of Credit Suisse Group AG and the 
related write-down of its Additional Tier 1 instruments, have resulted in significant volatility in the financial 
markets. There can be no assurance that the banking industry will not be subject to further strain, particularly given 
that inflation rates remain high, economic activity remains somewhat muted and major global central banks are 
continuing their tightening policies. These types of volatile conditions in the global financial markets could have 
a material adverse effect on SEB, including on SEB’s ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms 
acceptable to SEB, if at all. If SEB’s funding sources become volatile or are unavailable, including as a result of 
disruption in the capital markets, SEB’s access to liquidity and cost of funding could be adversely affected as SEB 
would be required to utilise other, more expensive, sources to meet its funding needs, such as collateralised 
borrowing or asset sales. Any such developments could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s interest margins 
and liquidity. In addition, if SEB fails to anticipate or provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding 
sources, it could have a material adverse effect on SEB’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects. 
SEB’s borrowing costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings. 
SEB’s credit ratings are important to its business. SEB’s issuer ratings as of the date of this Prospectus are Aa3, 
A+ and AA- by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch, respectively. 
SEB’s credit ratings are subject to change and could be downgraded as a result of many factors, including the 
failure of SEB to successfully implement its strategies as well as factors outside of SEB’s control such as changes 
in the macroeconomic environment. Declines in those aspects of SEB’s business identified by the rating agencies 
as significant or otherwise could adversely affect the rating agencies’ perception of SEB’s credit and cause them 
to take negative ratings actions. Any downgrade in SEB’s credit ratings or the threat of a potential downgrade 
could: 
• 
adversely affect its liquidity and competitive position; 
• 
undermine confidence in SEB; 
• 
increase its borrowing costs; 
• 
limit its access to the capital markets; and/or  
• 
limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with SEB, as many institutions require 
their counterparties to satisfy minimum ratings requirements. 
A downgrade of SEB’s credit ratings could also lead to a loss of customers and counterparties which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition or on the market price of the 
Covered Bonds. 
SEB could be negatively affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial institutions and 
counterparties. 
Given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, SEB is and will continue to be subject to 
the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial 
services institutions. This is particularly relevant to SEB’s franchise as an important and large counterparty in 
equity, fixed-income and foreign exchange markets, including related derivatives, which exposes it to 
concentration risk. Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to defaults

--- Page 17 ---
17(80) 
 
by other institutions. Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, 
losses or defaults by other institutions because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial 
institutions may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the 
perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, one or more financial services institutions may lead to 
market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by SEB or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing 
houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom SEB interacts on a daily basis. For example, in the first 
quarter of 2023, the banking sector in the United States and globally came under pressure following the bank 
failures of certain regional banks in the United States and the takeover of Credit Suisse Group AG by UBS Group 
AG in a government-brokered transaction. Any further volatility in the global financial markets or changes in 
investor and customer confidence in the banking sector may adversely affect SEB’s ability to access capital and 
liquidity on financial terms acceptable to it and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do 
business with SEB. 
In addition, SEB is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities 
or obligations SEB holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use 
those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of SEB’s 
counterparties could also have a negative impact on SEB’s income and risk weighting, leading to increased capital 
requirements. While in many cases SEB is permitted to require additional collateral from counterparties that 
experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral SEB is entitled to receive and the 
value of pledged assets. SEB’s credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised 
or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure that is due to 
SEB, which is most likely to occur during periods of illiquidity and depressed asset valuations. The termination of 
contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject SEB to claims for the improper exercise of its rights. 
Bankruptcies, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in 
times of market stress and illiquidity. 
Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect SEB’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
A significant part of SEB’s Swedish household mortgage portfolio comprises the Cover Pool for the Covered 
Bonds issued by SEB and the claims of holders of SEB’s unsecured obligations rank after the claims of holders of 
covered bonds and certain derivatives counterparties. 
As of 31st March, 2023, a significant part of the Group’s Swedish household mortgage portfolio was in the Cover 
Pool against which SEB issues Covered Bonds (including the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme). Under 
Swedish regulations, only that part of the residential mortgage loan that is below 75 percent. of the loan-to-value 
is eligible to be in the Cover Pool at origination. As of 31st March, 2023, approximately 47 per cent. of the Cover 
Pool, or SEK 330 billion, had been used for the issuance of, and security for, outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Outstanding Covered Bonds represented 8 per cent., 8 per cent. and 9 per cent. of SEB’s total assets as of 31st 
March, 2023, 31st December, 2022 and 31st December, 2021, respectively. The mortgage loans in the Cover Pool 
do not form part of the general assets of SEB that would be available to holders of notes other than Covered Bonds 
in the case of insolvency or liquidation of SEB, although any excess proceeds from liquidation of the mortgage 
loans, after satisfaction of the claims of Covered Bond holders, would be available to unsecured creditors, 
including the holders of notes. The growth of SEB’s mortgage lending will continue to be funded through the 
additional issuance of Covered Bonds which will be secured by Swedish residential mortgages to the extent 
stipulated by the Swedish Covered Bond Act. The claims of holders of notes that are unsecured obligations of SEB 
rank after the claims of holders of Covered Bonds and counterparties under derivatives contracts entered into for 
hedging purposes in relation to such Covered Bonds to the extent of their claims against the assets in the Cover 
Pool in respect of outstanding Covered Bonds should SEB become insolvent or be liquidated. 
SEB is exposed to changes in the fair value of its holdings of financial instruments and a decline in net trading 
income. 
SEB’s holdings of fair value financial instruments amounted to SEK 1,149 billion as of 31st March, 2023. Market 
fluctuations and volatility may adversely affect the fair value of these instruments. For investment, treasury and 
client trading purposes, SEB maintains portfolios of fixed-income securities, which mainly include government 
bonds, covered bonds, bonds issued by financial institutions and asset-backed securities. Net of short positions, 
the total amount of fixed-income securities amounted to SEK 387 billion as of 31st March, 2023 compared to SEK

--- Page 18 ---
18(80) 
 
215 billion and SEK 172 billion as of 31st December, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The principal risk for SEB’s 
fixed-income securities is credit spread risk, meaning that SEB could experience losses in the event of sudden and 
material deteriorations in the credit quality of securities held within its fixed-income securities portfolios. 
Approximately 7 per cent. of SEB’s fixed-income securities had floating rate coupons as of March 31, 2023. 
Although SEB hedges the part of its fixed-income securities portfolios that has fixed coupons against changes in 
interest rates, there can be no assurance that such hedges will fully mitigate the negative effect of adverse 
movements in interest rates, and, to that extent, SEB’s fixed-income securities portfolios are also exposed to 
interest rate risk. For example, during the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak in Europe led 
to substantially widened credit spreads and unfavourable developments in interest rates and equity values, which 
negatively affected SEB’s fair value credit adjustment (reflecting unrealised valuation changes from counterparty 
risk and own credit risk standing in derivatives). 
In addition, nearly all of SEB’s fixed-income portfolios are marked to market on a daily basis. Valuations in future 
periods, reflecting then-prevailing market conditions, may result in negative changes in the fair values of SEB’s 
exposure. These changes are likely to be higher in periods of high and rising inflation and interest rate volatility. 
In addition, the value ultimately realised by SEB may be lower than the current or estimated fair value. Any of 
these factors could require SEB to recognise valuation losses or realise impairment charges, which may adversely 
affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
Effective management of SEB’s capital is critical to its ability to operate and grow its business. 
Effective management of SEB’s capital is critical to its ability to operate and grow its business and to pursue its 
strategy. SEB is required by regulators in Sweden and in other jurisdictions in which it undertakes regulated 
activities to maintain adequate capital. SEB seeks to mitigate the risk of not meeting capital adequacy requirements 
by careful management of its balance sheet and capital, through capital raising activities and disciplined capital 
allocation. However, any change that limits SEB’s ability to effectively manage its balance sheet and capital 
resources (including, for example, reductions in profit and retained earnings as a result of credit losses, write-
downs or otherwise, increases in REA (which are typically pro-cyclical, resulting in risk weighting increasing in 
economic downturns), delays in the disposal of certain assets, the inability to syndicate loans as a result of market 
conditions or otherwise or the effects of new regulatory requirements) could have a material adverse impact on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
SEB is exposed to insurance risk through its life insurance business. 
SEB offers investment contract products such as unit-linked products and portfolio bonds without a guaranteed 
investment return or other significant risk elements for SEB. SEB also offers insurance contract products such as 
traditional insurance with guarantee and sickness/health insurance. Income from investment contract products is 
determined by reference to the value of assets under management (“AuM”) for the benefit of policyholders. The 
principal effect of declining market values on the unit-linked and portfolio bond business is a reduction in income, 
as a significant portion of the fee income from this business is related to the value of AuM. For example, in 2022, 
the effects on the financial markets from geopolitical, economic and monetary policy developments had a negative 
effect on the value of SEB Life’s assets under management. During the first quarter of 2023, financial market 
conditions were more favourable with rising stock markets and a decline in long-term interest rates. SEB’s 
traditional life insurance business is also subject to the risk of falling long-term interest rates, as its traditional 
insurance contracts guarantee specified benefits to the policyholder at maturity. Since the divestment of its Danish 
life insurance subsidiaries, SEB Pensionsforsikring A/S and SEB Administration A/S (together, “SEB Pension”) 
in June 2018, SEB’s traditional life insurance business is mainly written in Sweden. In the traditional life insurance 
business, despite mitigating risk buffers that are a feature of the product, SEB bears the ultimate risk if investment 
returns over time are not sufficient to service the guarantees given to policyholders and, if investment returns 
remain depressed for extended periods, additional reserves may need to be established. SEB has, from time to 
time, made provisions to cover capital shortfalls in the traditional portfolios of SEB Pension och Försäkring AB. 
Although these provisions are generally recovered in subsequent years as investment returns improve, there can 
be no assurance that they will be so recovered and that further provisions will not be required in the future. 
In addition, SEB’s life insurance business inherently faces the risk of volatility in the amount and timing of claims 
caused by unexpected changes in mortality, longevity, morbidity and expenses. Mortality risk is the risk of 
deviations in timing and amounts of cash flows (premiums and benefits) due to the incidence or non-incidence of 
death. Longevity risk is the risk of such deviations due to increasing life expectancy trends among policyholders 
and pensioners, resulting in pay-out ratios higher than those the insurance company originally accounted for. 
Morbidity risk is the risk of deviations in timing and amount of cash flows (such as claims) due to the incidence 
or non-incidence of disability and sickness. Expense risk is the risk that changes of the expenses incurred in

--- Page 19 ---
19(80) 
 
servicing insurance or reinsurance contracts affect the value of insurance liabilities. Material changes in relation 
to any of these insurance risks or the inability of SEB to successfully manage these risks could adversely affect 
SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects, and could result in 
reputational damage. 
SEB may be required to make provisions for its pension schemes, or further contributions to its pension 
foundations, if the value of pension fund assets is not sufficient to cover potential obligations. 
SEB maintains a limited number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. The pension 
obligations under these schemes are partly secured by foundations established for that purpose. The foundations’ 
assets comprise investment portfolios that are held to meet SEB’s projected liabilities to the scheme members. 
Risk arises from the schemes because the value of these asset portfolios and returns from them may be less than 
expected and because there may be greater than expected increases in the estimated value of the schemes’ 
liabilities. In these circumstances, SEB could be obliged, or may choose, to make provisions for its pension 
schemes or additional contributions to the foundations. During the past three years SEB has not made any 
contribution to its Swedish pension foundations. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, and the first quarter of 2023, SEB made 
a contribution to its German pension foundation equivalent to the service cost. SEB may, in the future, be required 
or elect to make provisions for its pension schemes or further contributions to the pension foundations, which 
could be significant and have a material adverse effect on SEB’s equity position. 
SEB’s card business may be affected by fraud, credit losses and delinquencies, as well as regulatory and 
technological changes. 
SEB operates a card business primarily in the Nordic countries and faces the risk of reduction of earnings and 
credit losses from this business due to fraud and delinquencies. Although SEB has instituted increased 
authorisation, including Strong Customer Authentication as required by the Payment Services Directive (“PSD”) 
2, and monitoring procedures to protect against incidents of fraud, resulting in lower fraud levels, there can be no 
assurance that fraudulent incidents will not increase in the future from their current low levels. Further, high 
delinquency rates in payments by customers on cards and high credit loss rates may result in increases in credit 
loss provisions and write-offs as well as increases in monitoring costs. These may have a negative effect on SEB’s 
financial performance. Changes in consumer behaviour due to, for example, economic conditions (such as high 
inflation, increasing interest rates and/or declining property values) and/or pandemics (such as the outbreak of the 
COVID-19 virus and travel restrictions resulting therefrom) could also cause a reduction in consumer, as well as 
corporate, demand and spending. If accountholders carry reduced balances or fail to pay their balances due to the 
effects of adverse economic conditions, interest and fee income could decline, credit losses could increase and 
SEB’s performance could be negatively affected. 
SEB’s card business is also subject to new and changing regulations, including interchange fees regulations, 
payment services regulations including PSD1 and PSD2, anti-money laundering and know-your-customer 
regulations, including Anti-Money Laundering Directive 4 (“AML 4”) and Anti-Money Laundering Directive 5 
(“AML 5”) and consumer credit protection regulations. These regulations impose additional compliance 
procedures and information requirements for customers, are likely to result in increased regulation in this business 
area within the EU and may lead to higher costs, pressure on fees and reduced earnings as well as changed business 
models and revenue streams. 
Furthermore, the payments business is characterised by rapid technological development, which, in combination 
with increased competition (including new entrants), increases business risks for card network-based payment 
solutions and may lead to increased costs and investments. If SEB does not keep pace with technological 
developments, this may adversely affect the competitiveness of SEB’s card business and may increase risks of 
fraudulent incidents. 
As a financial institution, SEB is exposed to risks related to money laundering, terrorist financing activities and 
sanctions violations, and compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant cost and effort. 
In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to, or used for, money laundering has increased worldwide. The 
risk of money laundering occurring is higher in emerging markets (including the Baltics, as well as Russia and 
Ukraine where SEB has small operations) due to, among other factors, high turnover of employees, the difficulty 
in consistently implementing related policies and technology systems, and the general business conditions in these 
countries compared to Sweden or other more developed markets where SEB operates. Compliance with sanctions 
and anti-terrorism laws is inherently complex. The rapid development of U.S., UK and EU sanctions imposed in

--- Page 20 ---
20(80) 
 
response to the military conflict between Ukraine and the Russian Federation and countervailing measures 
implemented by the Russian Federation has increased this complexity, which in turn increases the risks of non-
compliance with such laws. Any such non-compliance may have an adverse impact on SEB’s reputation, business 
or results of operations. 
A number of money laundering cases were brought to light in 2018 in the Baltic region, where SEB has operations. 
Following the money laundering cases, SEB undertook a review of its customer flows in the Baltics. On 26th 
November, 2019, SEB published historical non-resident flows in Estonia for the years 2005 to 2018, of which 
EUR 25.8 billion (Euro equivalent amount) related to low-transparency non-resident Estonian customer flow. SEB 
is involved in processing transactions with a very large number of counterpart banks, including in the Baltic region, 
and relies in part on its counterpart banks having effective anti-money laundering policies and procedures. Over 
the past years, regulators have been particularly focused on anti-money laundering procedures and regulations, 
which continue to evolve. SEB has received requests from authorities in jurisdictions where it operates, including 
US authorities, to provide information concerning measures against money laundering, which SEB is responding 
to in dialogue with these authorities. These current and any future supervisory activities and requests from 
authorities could lead to criticism or sanctions, which could be material. Anti-money laundering policies and 
procedures may not always be effective to prevent instances of money laundering or terrorism financing.  
In June 2019, the SFSA initiated a review of the management and control of money laundering risks in the Baltic 
countries in cooperation with the local supervisory authorities. The financial supervisory authorities in each of the 
Baltic countries simultaneously conducted reviews to assess each of SEB’s Baltic subsidiaries’ compliance with 
local regulations. In December 2019, the SFSA announced that it had initiated a sanction evaluation process 
regarding SEB’s governance and control measures against money laundering in its Baltic subsidiaries. On 25th 
June, 2020 the SFSA announced the outcome of its review which found that SEB failed to sufficiently identify the 
risk of money laundering in its Baltic operations and had deficiencies in its governance and control of its Baltic 
subsidiaries’ anti-money laundering measures. The reviews undertaken by the financial supervisory authorities in 
each of the Baltic countries were also concluded by this date. The SFSA and the Estonian supervisory authority, 
among other things, imposed fines on SEB of SEK 1 billion and on the Estonian subsidiary of SEB (“SEB 
Estonia”) of EUR 1 million, respectively.  
As part of its regular supervisory activities, a review of the implementation of AML 4 in the Latvian subsidiary of 
SEB (“SEB Latvia”), initiated in 2017, was concluded by the Latvian financial supervisory authority in December 
2019, resulting in an administrative fee of EUR 672,684 for SEB Latvia. In addition, SEB Latvia detected and 
reported a single case in relation to the European sanctions list where it had not entered correct information 
regarding a customer’s direct owner that was added to the European sanctions list after it had onboarded the 
customer. In relation to the case, SEB Latvia paid an administrative fee of EUR 1,121,140 agreed with the Latvian 
financial supervisory authority in line with its procedures for regulatory reviews.  
There can be no assurance that historically AML regulatory requirements or the banking system’s or entities’ 
ability have been sufficient to prevent or handle risks of money laundering. While SEB’s ability to prevent, detect 
and report suspected financial crime has increased over time, there can be no assurance that SEB has not been used 
nor that SEB will not be used by persons or entities engaging in money laundering violations. In addition, 
allegations of past violations, including as a result of back-testing or re-analysing data, may result in adverse 
reputational and regulatory consequences for SEB, and may lead to fines or remedial consequences for SEB, which 
could be material. 
Supervisory authorities regularly conduct reviews of SEB’s regulatory compliance, including in the area of anti-
money laundering. The timing of completion of any such reviews is uncertain, and is subject to the authorities’ 
timetables and processes. Any such reviews may lead to observations, remarks or other regulatory actions by the 
relevant authorities. 
In addition, SEB is required to comply with a number of international sanctions regimes, including those of the 
EU, the United Nations, the United States and a number of other countries. A wide range of countries, organisations 
and individuals may be subject to sanctions under these regimes. While the Group takes steps to screen transactions 
against sanctions lists, these procedures may not have been and may not always be effective or may require 
significant cost and effort, and the complexity of banking operations and evolving nature of sanctions (including 
extending the reach to a greater number of individuals or activities) may increase this risk.

--- Page 21 ---
21(80) 
 
As a result, the risk of future incidents and allegations in relation to money laundering and sanctions violations 
always exists for SEB. Any violation of anti-money laundering rules or sanctions regimes, or even the suggestion 
of violations, may have severe legal and reputational consequences for SEB, especially in terms of its business 
relations with institutions based or active in the United States, and may, as a result, materially and adversely affect 
SEB’s business, results of operations and prospects. 
SEB’s guidelines and policies for risk management may prove inadequate for the risks faced by its businesses 
currently or as a result of new, emerging risks. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires guidelines and policies for the accurate 
identification, measurement and control of a large number of transactions and events. Such guidelines and policies 
may not always be adequate. Some of the measures taken by SEB to manage various risks are to enter into hedging 
transactions to manage market risks, to issue credit risk limits for each counterparty to which SEB is exposed in 
its lending business, to have sufficient security for credits provided, and to do customary due diligence to manage 
legal risks. Some of these and other methods used by SEB to manage, estimate and measure risk, such as value-
at-risk (VaR) analyses, are based on historic market behaviour. The methods may therefore prove to be inadequate 
for predicting future risk exposure, which may prove to be significantly greater than what is suggested by historic 
experience or may not reflect political risks and geopolitical developments. Historical data may also not adequately 
allow prediction of circumstances arising due to government interventions and stimulus packages, which increase 
the difficulty of evaluating risks. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information 
regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to SEB. Such 
information may not always be correct, updated or correctly evaluated. Furthermore, banking products, markets 
and distribution channels are evolving rapidly as result of digitalisation and technological advances, and current 
risk management guidelines and policies may not be adequate to identify, measure and address risks emerging 
from such developments on a timely basis. In addition, the speed of development and lack of historical precedent 
in certain of these developments result in challenges to modelling or timely anticipating risks from new 
technologies in the banking sector. 
SEB is subject to environmental, social and governance risks that could adversely affect its reputation, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Regulators, investors and other market participants have been increasingly focusing on environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) risks, in particular climate-related risks. SEB is subject to such risks mainly through its credit 
portfolio and investments. For example, SEB considers two climate-specific risks in its credit risk management – 
transition risk and physical risk. Transition risk refers to the financial risk that may arise from the transition to a 
lower-carbon society. This entails the effects on its customers’ business models from disruptive events such as 
changes in climate policy, regulation, technology or market sentiment. Depending on the nature, speed and focus 
of such changes, transition risk may pose varying degrees of risk to companies. In general, sectors that rely on 
fossil fuels or are energy-intensive are expected to be affected first and most by transition risk. Physical risk arises 
from increased severity and frequency of climate and extreme weather-related events such as droughts, floods, 
storms and sea-level rise. Physical risk can also be more gradual, arising from longer-term chronic shifts in climate 
patterns. The impact can be direct (e.g. through damage to property) or indirect as a result of subsequent events 
such as the disruption of global supply chains. Amid rapidly changing circumstances around ESG, lack of 
sufficient focus on ESG considerations could not only impede SEB’s ability to build a sustainable business model, 
but could also adversely affect its reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Reputational risks also 
include the risk associated with over-stating ESG credentials, or not delivering on commitments made (also known 
as “greenwashing”). 
In recognition of such risks, SEB has implemented or is in the process of implementing a number of actions, 
including integrating ESG risks into its credit analysis and customer selection processes, enhancing sustainability 
policies and governance, and introducing various targets to reduce its fossil fuel exposure and to increase 
sustainable lending and investment activity. However, SEB cannot guarantee that these actions will be effective 
in mitigating the relevant risks, nor can it make any assurances that its regulators, investors or other market 
participants will find its efforts to be sufficient. For example, SEB may be required to terminate certain existing 
customer relationships as a result of potential exposure to ESG risks or may be subject to reputational damage if 
its measures are deemed to be insufficient. In addition, the increased focus on ESG matters may subject SEB to 
increased regulatory scrutiny, new disclosure requirements or other additional costs, which could have a material 
adverse effect on SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
22(80) 
 
Weaknesses or failures in SEB’s internal processes and procedures and other operational or reputational risks 
could have a negative impact on its financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects, and could 
result in reputational damage. 
SEB’s businesses are dependent on their ability to process and report accurately and efficiently a high volume of 
complex transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, in different currencies and subject to a 
number of different legal and regulatory regimes. Operational risks are present in SEB’s businesses, through 
inadequate or defective internal processes (including financial reporting and risk monitoring processes) or from 
people-related events (including the risk of fraud and other criminal acts carried out against SEB, misconduct or 
errors by employees, violations of internal instructions and policies and failure to document transactions properly 
or obtain proper authorisation) or external events (including natural disasters or the failure of external systems). 
The increasing presence of new technologies, increased use of data and models, and outsourcing or third party 
solutions in the banking sector may also increase operational risk.  
There can be no assurance that the risk controls, loss mitigation and other internal controls or actions in place 
within SEB will be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by it. Any weakness in these controls 
or actions could result in a material adverse impact on SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations, 
liquidity and/or prospects, and could result in reputational damage. 
SEB’s reputation is one of its most important assets. Negative public opinion may adversely affect SEB’s ability 
to keep and attract customers, depositors and investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the general 
public. SEB cannot ensure that it will be successful in avoiding damage to its business from reputational risk, 
including from negative public opinion from causes such as activities of business partners over which SEB has 
limited or no control or from unanticipated consequences of using new technologies in the banking sector. 
The information technology and other systems on which SEB depends for its day-to-day operations may fail for a 
variety of reasons that may be outside its control. SEB is also subject to the risk of infrastructure disruption, 
cyberattacks or other effects on such systems. 
SEB’s operations are dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of 
transactions, many of which are complex, across numerous and diverse markets, and in many currencies. SEB’s 
financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or may 
become disabled due to, for example, a spike in transaction volume, failures of communications networks or 
incidents with third-party software, which may have an adverse effect on SEB’s ability to process transactions or 
provide services. In addition, other factors which could cause SEB’s operating systems to fail or not operate 
properly include a deterioration in the quality of information technology (“IT”) development, support and 
operations processes and, in particular, high turnover of employees, resulting in an inadequate number of personnel 
to handle the growth and increasing complexity of operations. Despite SEB’s significant expenditures on its IT 
systems, there can be no assurance that these expenditures will be sufficient or that its IT systems will function as 
planned. Any disruption in SEB’s IT or other systems, whether as a result of internal or third party failure, may 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Despite the contingency plans and facilities SEB has in place, its ability to conduct business may be adversely 
impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports the businesses and the countries in which it is located. 
This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by SEB 
or third parties with which it conducts business, or a catastrophic event involving any location where SEB has a 
significant operational base. 
SEB’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in 
its computer systems and networks. SEB’s computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to 
unauthorised access or malicious hacking, computer viruses or other malicious code and other external attacks or 
internal breaches that could have a security impact. The threat to the security of SEB’s information held on 
customers from cyber-attacks continues to increase. Activists, rogue states and cyber-criminals are among those 
targeting computer systems. Risks to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued focus 
and investment. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attacks, it is possible that future 
attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. Any such breaches may expose SEB to significant legal as 
well as reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
If one or more of such events occur, any one of them potentially could jeopardise the confidential and other 
information of SEB, its clients or its counterparties. SEB may be required to spend significant additional resources

--- Page 23 ---
23(80) 
 
to modify its protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures. It may also be 
subject to litigation and financial losses as well as reputation risks that are either not insured against or not fully 
covered through any insurance maintained by SEB. The occurrence of any of these events could materially and 
adversely affect SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
SEB may become subject to various legal proceeding, which could have a material impact on its financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects, and could result in reputational damage.  
The public prosecutor in Cologne, Germany, is investigating whether former and current employees of DSK 
Deutsche-Skandinavische Verwaltungs AG (“DSV”) (formerly DSK Hyp AG (“DSK”)) and SEB, as part of 
DSV’s securities finance business, have been involved in alleged tax evasion of a material nature. DSV and SEB 
are cooperating with the prosecutor in the investigation. As far as SEB and DSV are aware, no indictments have 
been filed against any of the aforementioned employees. However, the ongoing investigation or potential 
indictments against its employees may lead to negative financial and/or reputational effects for the Group. As of 
the date of this Prospectus, it is unclear what impact this investigation may have on the re-assessment by the 
German tax authorities of DSV’s crediting of withholding tax referred to in “Risk factors related to the regulatory 
environment—SEB is exposed to the risk of changes in tax legislation and its interpretation and to increases in the 
rate of corporate and other taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates”. It cannot be ruled out that the criminal 
investigation or potential indictment may delay the re-assessment of the credited withholding tax and lead to 
negative financial effects for the Group. 
In May 2022, the Swedish Pensions Agency made a claim for damages against SEB in its capacity as depositary 
for the fund company Gustavia Davegårdh Fonder’s investment funds, alleging that SEB has failed in its duties as 
depositary for the funds in relation to certain transactions carried out in 2012. The claim amounts to approximately 
SEK 470 million (excluding interest). Although SEB has disputed the claim and is of the opinion that it has fulfilled 
its duties as depositary in regards to these transactions and that it has no liability for damages, it cannot be ruled 
out that this claim may have an adverse impact on SEB’s business, financial condition, results of operations or 
prospects. As of the date of this Prospectus, no provision related to this claim has been recognised in accordance 
with applicable accounting rules. 
In addition, SEB may in the future become subject to various civil, administrative and arbitration proceedings with 
various parties, including clients, customers, business partners, employees, or regulatory or tax authorities. Any of 
these may result in SEB being exposed to financial liability and materially affect SEB’s reputation in its markets 
or its relationships with clients and customers. In addition, the proceedings or settlement in relation to litigation 
may involve internal and external costs, which may, even in the case of a favourable outcome for SEB of a relevant 
proceeding, not be fully reimbursable, divert senior management’s time or use other resources that would 
otherwise be utilised elsewhere in SEB’s business. The legal proceedings may lead to negative media coverage 
and may adversely affect SEB’s brand and/or public image, even if the proceedings are resolved in SEB’s favour. 
The occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect SEB’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations or prospects. 
SEB may incur significant costs and increased operating risk in developing and marketing new products and 
services. 
SEB’s success depends, in part, on its ability to adapt products and services to evolving industry standards and 
customer expectations. There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices or to use new 
technologies for the distribution of, or access to, banking products and services. These trends can reduce net 
interest income and non-interest income from fee-based products and services. In addition, the widespread 
adoption of new technologies could require SEB to make substantial capital expenditures to modify or adapt 
existing products and services or develop new products and services. In its business plan, SEB earmarked SEK 2-
2.5 billion for capital expenditures during 2019-2021 in, among other things, new technology, which will increase 
the bank’s cost base from SEK 22 billion to SEK 23 billion by 2021, at 2018 foreign exchange rates. SEB may not 
be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in 
technology, or those new products may not achieve market acceptance or generate the anticipated return to SEB. 
As a result, SEB could lose business, be forced to price products and services on less advantageous terms to retain 
or attract clients, or be subject to cost increases.

--- Page 24 ---
24(80) 
 
SEB’s accounting policies and methods are critical to how it reports its financial condition and results of 
operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how SEB records and reports its financial condition and 
results of operations. Management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting 
policies and methods so they comply with IFRS. 
Management has identified certain accounting policies in the notes to its financial statements as being critical 
because they require management’s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments and 
contingencies. See Note 1 to the 2022 Financial Statements. These judgments include, for example, the non-
consolidation of Gamla Livförsäkringsaktiebolaget SEB Trygg Liv (“Gamla Liv”) into the life insurance 
operations of the Group. As of 1st January, 2018, SEB applies IFRS 9 Financial Instruments for calculating 
expected loss. When calculating expected credit loss there are a number of key concepts that require a high level 
of judgment. Estimating expected credit loss is, by its very nature, uncertain and the accuracy of these estimates 
depends on many factors, including macro-economic forecasts, and involves complex modelling and judgments. 
The assessment of significant increase in credit risk is a new concept under IFRS 9 and requires significant 
judgment. SEB uses both models and internal expert credit judgement in order to determine expected credit losses. 
The degree of judgment that is required to estimate expected credit losses depends on the outcome from 
calculations, materiality and the availability of detailed information. 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding SEB’s judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, SEB may 
be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period financial statements in the future. 
Any impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets would have a negative effect on SEB’s financial position 
and results of operations. 
SEB conducts impairment tests on goodwill and other intangible assets at least once a year or whenever there are 
indications of a possible impairment of any such assets. For example, in 2017, SEB recorded an impairment and 
derecognition of intangible IT assets no longer in use in the amount of SEK 978 million. Any future impairments 
or derecognitions may also have a material adverse effect on SEB’s financial position and results of operations. 
Risk Factors related to the Regulatory Environment 
SEB is subject to a wide variety of banking, insurance and financial services laws and regulations, which could 
have an adverse effect on its business. 
SEB is subject to a wide variety of banking, insurance and financial services laws and regulations and faces the 
risk of significant interventions by a number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of the jurisdictions 
in which it operates. 
Regulation of financial markets and banking has changed substantially as a result of the global financial crisis in 
2008. SEB is facing greater regulation in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Compliance with such regulations 
has increased SEB’s capital requirements, exposed it to additional costs and liabilities, and has affected how SEB 
conducts its business, including collateral management, and may, in future, have other adverse impacts on its 
business, the products and services it offers and the value of its assets. This is particularly the case in the current 
market environment, which is experiencing increased levels of government and regulatory supervision, 
intervention and enforcement in the financial sector, which SEB expects to continue for the foreseeable future. 
Supervisory authorities regularly conduct reviews of SEB’s regulatory compliance, including in areas such as 
financial stability, transaction reporting, anti-money laundering, investor and consumer protection and data 
privacy. SEB has policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with applicable rules and regulations. 
Future changes in regulation, fiscal or other policies are unpredictable and beyond SEB’s control and could 
materially adversely affect SEB’s business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result, SEB may 
become involved in various disputes and legal proceedings in Sweden and other jurisdictions, including litigation 
and regulatory investigations. These disputes and legal proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their 
outcomes are often difficult to predict, particularly in the earlier stages of a case or investigation. 
Recent regulations which have impacted and are expected to continue to impact SEB include the EU version of 
the Basel III framework as implemented by the CRD, including the higher capital requirements adopted by the 
SFSA, and the BRRD (as defined below) which was first implemented in Sweden on 1st February, 2016. See “—
SEB is and will continue to be subject to increased capital requirements and standards due to governmental or 
regulatory requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation, and may need additional

--- Page 25 ---
25(80) 
 
capital in the future, which capital may be difficult and/or costly to obtain” and “—SEB is subject to laws and 
regulations related to resolution of systemically important financial institutions” below. In addition, SEB’s life 
insurance companies were affected by new EU solvency requirements which became effective in Sweden on 1st 
January, 2016 and are currently under a comprehensive review by the EU legislative bodies. The resolution fund 
fee for Swedish banks increased from 9 basis points to 12.5 basis points in 2018, then reduced to 9 basis points for 
2019 and to 5 basis points in 2020, which is the level at which this fee is levied until the resolution fund’s target 
is met. Once the fund’s target is met, fees will be levied to match deposit growth to ensure that the fund’s target 
level is maintained. Other regulations that are being implemented or have been implemented recently, including 
the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation and Taxonomy Regulation, the General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR), MiFID II, AML 4 and AML 5, the Insurance Distribution Directive and Payment Services Directive 2, 
have impacted and are expected to impact SEB. 
SEB is and will continue to be subject to increased capital requirements and standards due to governmental or 
regulatory requirements and changes in perceived levels of adequate capitalisation, and may need additional 
capital in the future, which capital may be difficult and/or costly to obtain 
Regulation and supervision of the global financial system remains a priority for governments and supranational 
organisations following on from the financial crisis. At the international level, a number of initiatives have been 
and are being implemented which increase capital requirements, increase the quantity and quality of capital, and 
raise liquidity levels in the banking sector.  
Governments in some European countries (including Sweden) have increased the minimum capital requirements 
for banks domiciled in these countries above the increased capital requirements of the Basel III and CRD 
frameworks. The major Swedish banks have been required to maintain a CET1 ratio of at least 12 per cent. since 
1st January, 2015, calculated according to the CRD capital adequacy framework without transitional rules. In 
addition, the full implementation of CRD in Sweden (which included SFSA implementation of Pillar 2 and the 
buffer requirements of CRD) during 2015 increased capital requirements further. 
Effective 1st January, 2015, the SFSA increased the previous 15 per cent. risk weight floor for Swedish residential 
mortgages to 25 per cent. This measure has required SEB to hold more capital for these risk exposures. In addition, 
on 23rd August, 2018, the SFSA replaced the current risk weight floors of 25 per cent. on residential mortgage 
exposures under Pillar 2 with a corresponding Pillar 1 requirement. This change entered into force on 31st 
December, 2018 and lowered SEB’s CET1 ratio by 2.6 percentage points. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee released the Basel IV framework with the objective of reducing excessive 
variability of risk-weighted assets. The Basel Committee has enhanced the requirements for robustness and risk 
sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk and operational risk and has constrained the use of internal 
models. The Basel Committee has also removed the internal model for operational risk, which SEB currently uses, 
from the regulatory capital framework as well the option to use the Advanced-Internal Ratings-Based (“IRB”) 
approach for exposures to financial institutions and large corporates. Where the IRB approach is retained, 
minimum levels are applied on the probability of default and for other input parameters. In addition, the Basel 
Committee is introducing an output floor, based on the revised standardised approaches, meaning that risk-
weighted assets generated by internal models cannot in aggregate fall below 72.5 per cent. of the risk-weighted 
assets computed by the standardised approaches. The new Basel IV framework was initially proposed to be 
implemented by 1st January, 2022 with a five year gradual phase-in of the output floor. However, on 27th March, 
2020, the Basel Committee’s oversight body endorsed changes to this implementation timeline. The 
implementation date was deferred by one year to 1st January, 2023 and the transitional arrangements for the output 
floor was extended by one year to 1st January, 2028. On 27th October, 2021, the European Commission released 
a proposal for the implementation of Basel IV into EU legislation. The new rules are proposed to be implemented 
by 1st January, 2025, with a five-year gradual phase-in of the output floor, which would reach its steady state 
calibration of 72.5 per cent. by 1st January, 2030. When implemented into EU legislation, these measures could 
result in an increase in SEB’s capital requirements. 
In addition to risk-based capital ratio requirements, the Basel III framework also introduced a non-risk based 
leverage ratio as a supplement to the risk-based capital requirements. The EU has implemented a minimum 
leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. of Tier 1 capital in line with the international agreement, effective from 
28th June, 2021. 
In June, 2019, the CRD V Directive and CRR II were published, which amended CRD IV and CRR respectively, 
providing for extensive changes to the EU regulatory framework, including the Fundamental Review of the

--- Page 26 ---
26(80) 
 
Trading Book (“FRTB”), the Net Stable Funding Ratio, the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (“MREL”) and the Pillar 2 framework. Eligible liabilities means liabilities which are not excluded from 
the scope of the bail-in tool and also meet certain requirements, but does not include capital instruments which are 
part of own funds, (i.e., CET1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments). Member States adopted the measures 
necessary to comply with the CRD V Directive by 28th December, 2020, which applied from 29th December, 
2020, although certain provisions only became applicable from 1st January, 2022. CRR II has applied from 28th 
June, 2021 with certain exceptions. On 24th June, 2020, the European Commission decided to implement certain 
temporary exceptional measures by 27th June, 2020 in order to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-
related developments by adapting the timeline of the application of international accounting standards on banks’ 
capital, by treating more favourably public guarantees granted as part of COVID-19-related mitigation measures, 
by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio buffer and by modifying how certain exposures are 
excluded from the calculation of the leverage ratio. 
In connection with the SFSA’s annual supervisory and evaluation process (“SREP”) for 2020, the SFSA 
implemented a Pillar 2 measure for banks using the IRB models for exposures, which are collateralised by 
commercial real estate in Sweden. The Pillar 2 measure corresponds to the difference between a risk weight of 35 
per cent. for exposures collateralised by commercial real estate and 25 per cent. for exposures collateralised by 
commercial residential properties and a bank’s actual average risk weight for such exposures. On 29th March, 
2023, the SFSA proposed to replace this Pillar 2 measure with corresponding risk weight floors under Pillar 1, 
through Article 458 of CRR. The floors are proposed to enter into force on 30th September, 2023. 
On 21st June, 2021, the SFSA made the decision to reciprocate the Norwegian Ministry of Finance’s decision to 
implement an average risk weight floor of 20 per cent. for retail exposures collateralised by real estate in Norway 
and of 35 per cent. for corporate exposures collateralised by real estate in Norway. The decision applies as of 30th 
September, 2021 for Swedish credit institutions that have branches or other exposures in Norway and are 
authorised to use an IRB approach for the calculation of their capital requirement for credit risks. As a result, the 
existing Pillar 2 add-on for Norwegian mortgages is no longer applicable as of that date. On 29th June, 2022, the 
SFSA passed a decision to reciprocate the Central Bank of Lithuania’s decision to implement a 2 per cent. systemic 
risk buffer for retail exposures to natural persons in Lithuania, which are secured by residential property. In 
accordance with the threshold set by the Central Bank of Lithuania, the decision applies from 1st July, 2022 to 
Swedish institutions where such exposures exceed EUR 50 million. 
In connection with the SFSA’s SREP, the SFSA decides on the level of the Pillar 2 Guidance (“P2G”). Through 
P2G, the SFSA informs a bank which capital level it expects the bank to hold over and above the minimum 
requirement, the Pillar 2 requirements (“P2R”) and the combined buffer requirement, to cover risks and manage 
future financial stresses. In the SREP for 2022, the SFSA decided on a P2G of 1.0 per cent. of risk exposure 
amounts (REA) for SEB, a reduction compared to the corresponding decision of 1.5 per cent. in September 2021. 
On 29th September, 2021, the SFSA decided to raise the countercyclical buffer rate to 1.0 per cent. from 0 per 
cent, applicable as of 29th September, 2022. Further, on 22nd June, 2022, the SFSA decided to raise the 
countercyclical buffer rate by another 1.0 per cent. to 2.0 per cent., applicable as of 22nd June, 2023, as a result of 
a rise in systemic risks driven by the continued high growth in household debt and the rapidly rising growth in 
non-financial corporate debt. The SFSA did not make any assessment about further increases of the countercyclical 
buffer rate. 
The European Banking Authority (the “EBA”) is developing several new Guidelines and Regulatory Technical 
Standards to ensure consistency in IRB models. The aim is to reduce unjustified variability in model outcomes, 
ensuring comparability of risk estimates while at the same time preserving risk sensitivity of capital requirements. 
The SFSA has communicated that it expects that the new Guidelines and Regulatory Technical Standards will 
likely require material changes to most IRB models currently in use by Swedish banks. These changes will also 
require applications for approval by the SFSA. All models will be calibrated to take into account statistical 
uncertainty and other adjustments to have sufficient risk buffers for future downturns, referred to as the “Margin 
of Conservatism”. The final outcome of the calibration of SEB’s IRB models is uncertain. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, it is not clear what effect the changes described in the preceding paragraph will 
have on SEB’s risk-weighted assets and overall capitalisation as the SFSA may change its approach regarding 
capital requirements. However, there can be no assurance that such changes will not result in increased risk weights 
being applied to certain credit exposures. The implementation of these or other measures could result in the 
imposition of further CET1 and total capital requirements upon SEB, which in turn may have adverse effects on 
SEB’s business and financial condition, and an increase in standardisation of models may negatively impact SEB’s

--- Page 27 ---
27(80) 
 
long-term risk-based planning if the proposed models are not adequately nuanced to accurately model underlying 
risks. Furthermore, the timing of the implementation and development of proposals remains uncertain and subject 
to change. 
SEB is exposed to the risk of changes in accounting policies and its interpretation 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB) and/or the EU change the financial 
accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of SEB’s financial statements. These changes can 
be difficult to predict and can materially impact how SEB records and reports its financial condition and results of 
operations. In some cases, SEB could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in 
restating prior financial periods. For example, with effect from 1st January, 2019, SEB adopted IFRS 16 Leases, 
which required the recognition of both operating and finance lease assets and liabilities as right-of-use assets and 
lease liabilities. 
Any future changes to applicable accounting policies may have a substantial effect on the Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition. 
SEB is subject to laws and regulations related to resolution of systemically important financial institutions  
In October 2012, the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”) and the Basel Committee finalised a framework for 
addressing domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”). Banks designated as D-SIBs are required to hold 
additional capital. SEB has been designated as a D-SIB by the SFSA and is consequently subject to additional 
capital requirements imposed by the SFSA. Although SEB is not identified as a global systemically important 
bank (“G-SIB”) by the FSB in its most recently published list in November 2022, which would have required it 
to hold additional capital (in the form of CET1), it may be so identified in the future. 
On 2nd July, 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions, investments firms, certain financial institutions and certain holding 
companies (each a relevant entity) (as amended, the “BRRD”, including as amended by BRRD II (as defined 
below), as applicable) entered into force. The BRRD was first implemented in Sweden on 1st February, 2016. The 
BRRD prescribes that banks shall hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities in relation to total 
liabilities. 
On 23rd February, 2017, the Swedish National Debt Office (which is the Swedish Resolution Authority) 
published its Decision Memorandum (the “Decision Memorandum”) in which it set out its policy positions on 
the application of the MREL to Swedish banks. As set out in the Decision Memorandum, the Swedish Resolution 
Authority communicated individual MREL requirements (consisting of a loss absorption amount and a 
recapitalisation amount) to Swedish banks for the first time in December 2017. Swedish banks, including SEB, 
were required to comply with MREL requirements starting from 1st January, 2018 but with a phase-in period to 
be fully compliant by 1st January, 2024. 
The loss absorption amount, equivalent to the bank’s total capital requirements, excluding the combined buffer 
requirement and capital requirements for systemic risk and macro-prudential factors could be met with own funds 
instruments (CET1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2) whereas the recapitalisation amount, equivalent to the bank’s 
total capital requirements, excluding the combined buffer requirement but including the full Pillar 2 requirement 
was required to be filled with certain bail-inable liabilities (the liabilities proportion principle) not included in the 
capital base from 1st January, 2018 with such liabilities used to meet the liabilities proportion principle required 
to rank junior to senior liabilities and senior to Tier 2 capital, whether contractually, by statute or structurally, from 
1st January 2024. 
On 7th June, 2019, Directive 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council of 20th May, 
2019 (as amended or replaced, the “BRRD II”) was published, amending, among other things, the BRRD as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms. BRRD II 
focuses on the implementation of total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) into EU legislation and the integration 
of the TLAC requirement with MREL rules to avoid duplication.  
The Swedish law implementing BRRD II entered into force on 1st July, 2021 and stipulates that the new MREL 
and subordination requirements shall be fully complied with from 1st January, 2024. On 13th October, 2021, the 
Swedish Resolution Authority (Riksgälden) issued a new policy, which entered into force on 1st January, 2022, 
for the application of the MREL to Swedish banks under the new law, replacing the previous MREL policy set out 
in the Decision Memorandum. According to the new policy, the capital base counts in full towards subordination

--- Page 28 ---
28(80) 
 
requirements and the liabilities proportion principle is no longer applicable. The MREL and the subordination 
requirements are the higher of a risk-based and a leverage-based requirement. The combined buffer requirement 
is added on top of both the risk-based MREL requirement and the risk-based subordination requirement. In 
December 2022, the Swedish Resolution Authority decided indicative levels for MREL and subordination 
requirements to enable a linear build-up until 1st January, 2024. For SEB, the indicative level for MREL was 
decided to be the higher of 23.6 per cent. of REA and 5.5 per cent. of its leverage exposure, and the subordination 
requirement was decided to be the higher of 16.8 per cent. of REA and 5.5 per cent. of the leverage exposure. Even 
though not formally binding, the indicative levels, applicable as of 1st January, 2023, are reference values that 
banks should fulfil. 
For the foregoing reasons, SEB may need to raise additional capital in the future. Such capital, whether in the form 
of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. SEB is 
unable to predict what regulatory requirements may be imposed in the future or accurately estimate the impact that 
any currently proposed regulatory changes may have on its business, the products and services that it offers and 
the values of its assets. For example, if SEB is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or 
capital, or exit or change certain businesses as a result of the initiatives to strengthen the capitalisation of banks, 
this could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In addition, on 18th April, 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and 
strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the CMDI Proposal). The 
package implies the review of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 806/2014) frameworks 
as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes, all with 
the aims of, amongst other things, preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers' money and providing better 
protection for depositors (including new rules that foresee that all deposits are preferred relative to ordinary 
unsecured claims). However, the CMDI Proposal is subject to further discussion by the European Parliament and 
the Council and, as of the date of this Prospectus, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the proposed 
adjustments and when they will be finally implemented in the EU. Therefore, the exact impact of these adjustments 
and the potential effects on the Issuer cannot be assessed yet. 
SEB is exposed to the risk of changes in tax legislation and its interpretation and to increases in the rate of 
corporate and other taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates 
SEB’s activities are subject to tax at various rates in the jurisdictions in which it operates, computed in accordance 
with local legislation and practice. Future actions by the Swedish or other governments to increase tax rates or to 
impose additional taxes would reduce SEB’s profitability. In addition, revisions to tax legislation or to its 
interpretation may have an adverse effect on SEB’s financial condition in the future. 
For example, in December 2021, the Swedish parliament approved the government’s proposal to introduce a new 
risk tax for credit institutions, which applies to Swedish credit institutions with liabilities of more than SEK 150 
billion (group threshold), which includes SEB, with applicable tax rate of 5 basis points for 2022 and 6 basis points 
for 2023 and onwards. In addition, the Lithuanian parliament approved an amendment to the law on corporate 
income tax, introducing additional corporate income tax of 5 per cent. on bank profits exceeding EUR 2 million, 
which initially applied for tax periods 2020-2022 and then subsequently became permanent. 
SEB and its subsidiaries are continuously subject to tax field audits where local tax authorities review previous 
years’ tax returns. The German tax authorities have in relation to SEB’s wholly owned German subsidiary, DSV 
(formerly DSK), re-assessed its crediting of withholding tax in its securities finance business for the years 2008-
2014 and reclaimed EUR 936 million, plus interest. Further reclaims cannot be ruled out. Between 2008 and 2015, 
DSV claimed and credited approximately EUR 1,500 million in withholding tax against its corporate income tax. 
DSV has objected to the tax reclaims, and SEB and DSV are of the opinion that the securities finance business of 
DSV under review by the German tax authorities was conducted in accordance with market practice, law and 
administrative guidance applicable at the time. SEB and DSV, as supported by their external legal advisor, are of 
the view that it is more likely than not that it will be ultimately confirmed in a fiscal court proceeding that the 
withholding tax has been claimed and credited correctly by DSV. To date, no provisions have been made on the 
Group level in accordance with applicable accounting rules. The legal proceedings are estimated to take several 
years, as it is expected that the matter will be appealed to the highest fiscal court. It cannot be ruled out that the re-
assessment by the German tax authorities of DSV’s crediting of withholding tax may lead to negative financial 
effects on the Group.

--- Page 29 ---
29(80) 
 
Risks related to Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Even though Covered Bonds have the benefit of priority in respect of the Cover Pool, holders of Covered Bonds 
assume credit risk on the Bank 
Investors investing in Covered Bonds have a credit risk on the Bank. The Bank is liable to make payments when 
due on the Covered Bonds and these obligations are solely the obligations of the Bank. 
The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and, accordingly, holders of Covered Bonds have recourse 
in respect thereof only to the Bank. The assets in the Cover Pool are owned by the Bank but, in the event of the 
Bank’s bankruptcy, will not be available to other creditors until the holders of the Covered Bonds and related 
derivative counterparties have been repaid in full (except in limited circumstances if the administrator-in-
bankruptcy grants an advance dividend to unsecured creditors). To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered 
Bonds are not met out of the assets in the Cover Pool, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank. See also “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds 
legislation”. 
Holders of Covered Bonds have exposure in the event of a failure of the Cover Pool to meet the matching 
requirements 
The Bank will be required under the Covered Bond Act to comply with certain matching requirements as long as 
any Covered Bond remains outstanding. These requirements prescribe that the nominal value of the Cover Pool 
must at all times exceed the aggregate nominal value of any claims that may be brought against the relevant issuer 
in respect of covered bonds issued by it by an aggregate value of at least two per cent. An issuer of covered bonds 
must also ensure that the cash flows in respect of the assets in the Cover Pool, derivative agreements and covered 
bonds are such that the issuer is at all times able to fulfil its payment obligations towards the bondholders and 
derivative counterparties. The Bank may also enter into derivatives contracts to fulfil the matching requirements. 
In these circumstances, the matching of the relevant Cover Pool is also dependent on the availability of derivative 
counterparties with a sufficient rating and the performance by such counterparties of their obligations under the 
derivative agreements. 
In the event that an issuer is in material breach of its obligations under the Covered Bond Act, the SFSA may 
withdraw the issuer’s authorisation to issue additional covered bonds and may then determine the manner in which 
the Bank’s covered bond operations are wound up. If the issuer’s authorisation to issue covered bonds is withdrawn 
through failure to meet the matching requirements, this would mean that the assets in the Cover Pool are not 
sufficient to redeem the Covered Bonds in full and this could result in holders of Covered Bonds not receiving the 
full amount due to them. 
In addition, if, in the Bank’s bankruptcy, the administrator-in-bankruptcy deems that the Cover Pool does not 
comply with the matching requirements (for example, due to a devaluation of the underlying properties and where 
no additional assets are available to compensate for such devaluation) and the deviations are not just minor and 
temporary, the Cover Pool can no longer be maintained as a unit and the holders of Covered Bonds and any related 
derivative counterparties will instead benefit from the proceeds of the sale of assets in the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the Swedish rules regarding dividends in bankruptcy. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds 
receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered 
Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full. However, 
the holders of Covered Bonds and any related derivative counterparties will retain the benefit of priority to the 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool. See also “Summary of the Swedish covered bonds legislation – Administration 
of the Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy”. 
To the extent that the Cover Pool does not cover the remaining claims of the holders of Covered Bonds and any 
related derivative counterparties, such claims will rank pari passu with the Bank’s unsecured and unsubordinated 
creditors. There is no assurance that the assets in the Cover Pool will be sufficient to repay any outstanding Covered 
Bonds in full or that the assets of the Bank, when insolvent, will cover any remaining claims. In addition, as no 
issuer of covered bonds has yet to file for, or be placed into, bankruptcy in Sweden, it is currently unclear what 
the impact of a bankruptcy would be on the Bondholders. See “There are certain issues that may, in the event of 
the Bank’s bankruptcy, lead to a conflict between the interests of holders of Covered Bonds and derivative 
counterparties on the one hand and the other creditors of the Bank on the other”.

--- Page 30 ---
30(80) 
 
There are certain issues that may, in the event of the Bank’s bankruptcy, lead to a conflict between the interests of 
holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties on the one hand and the other creditors of the Bank on 
the other 
In the event of the Bank’s bankruptcy, the Covered Bond Act does not provide clear guidance on certain issues 
that may lead to a conflict between holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties on the one hand and 
the other creditors of the Bank on the other. In particular, these issues include how proceeds from a loan partly 
registered to the Cover Pool should be distributed between the portion of such loan registered to the Cover Pool 
and the portion of such loan not registered to the Cover Pool and how the proceeds of enforcement of a mortgage 
certificate should be distributed if the mortgage serves as collateral for two different loans ranking pari passu 
where one loan is not wholly or partly registered in the Cover Pool. The lack of clear guidance on these and similar 
issues may lead to disputes regarding the allocation of proceeds to the Cover Pool and could reduce the return to 
holders of Covered Bonds.  
In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether a creditor that obtains execution (utmätning) against an asset 
in a cover pool more than three months before the relevant issuer’s bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded 
to holders of covered bonds and any relevant derivative counterparties in relation to such asset.  
There is risk relating to the value of other assets included in the Cover Pool 
Under the Covered Bond Act, an issuer of covered bonds is permitted to include certain categories of assets in the 
Cover Pool other than loans secured by mortgages over real estate, including certain public loans (consisting of 
debt issued by or guaranteed by central governments, ESCB central banks, public sector entities, regional 
governments or local authorities in the EU, as well as debt issued by entities outside the EU, as defined and 
qualified in article 129.1b of Regulation 575/2013), and exposures to credit institutions (consisting inter alia of 
debt by credit institutions in Sweden and the EES based on derivative contracts, as well as other debt which may 
be used to satisfy the requirement of holding a liquidity buffer). To the extent that such public loans and exposures 
to credit institutions may be located in jurisdictions other than Sweden, or may be instruments issued by other 
financial institutions, they may be subject to country and credit risks different from that outlined for the Covered 
Bonds. There can be no guarantee as to the future development of the value of any such public loans and exposures 
to credit institutions included in the Cover Pool. In the event the Bank includes such types of assets in the Cover 
Pool and the value of these other assets decreases, this may adversely affect the value of the Cover Pool and, 
ultimately, the value of the Covered Bonds which may reduce the return to the Bondholders. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bonds aimed at preventing the Issuer’s insolvency 
If Extended Maturity is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms for any Series of Covered Bonds, and the 
Issuer has received a Maturity Extension Approval from the SFSA, payment of any unpaid nominal amounts shall 
be automatically deferred until the Extended Maturity Date. Prior to the SFSA’s decision on a Maturity Extension 
Approval, the Swedish National Debt Office and the Riksbank (Sweden’s central bank) shall be given the 
opportunity to comment. In the event that the prerequisites for a Maturity Extension Approval are met, a 
subsequent declaration on the Issuer’s bankruptcy or resolution would not affect the Extended Maturity. 
The Issuer shall notify the Bondholders of such Extended Maturity, but any failure to do so will not in any event 
prevent the extension to the Extended Maturity Date or give any Bondholder any right to receive any payment of 
interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Extended Maturity Date will be the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount at the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. However, failure 
by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the Extended Maturity Date and/or 
interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
If an extension of the Maturity Date as described above occurs, Bondholders will not be entitled to terminate or 
declare the Covered Bonds due for payment or any other right to direct claims against the Issuer on the basis of 
such extension. In addition, no payments of principal amount will be made to the Bondholders until the Extended 
Maturity Date. Accordingly, there is a risk that Bondholders will not receive a repayment of the principal amount 
on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 31 ---
31(80) 
 
The application of the net proceeds of Green Bonds may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an 
investor’s investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the Bank’s intention to apply 
the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds in accordance with the Green Bond Framework (Green Bonds). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment green bonds, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the specified purposes 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label is evolving. No assurance can be given 
that such a clear definition, consensus or label will develop over time or that if it does, any Green Bonds will 
comply with such definition, market consensus or label.  
A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 22nd June, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18th June, 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”), which is subject to 
phased implementation. The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the 
environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation (including, for example, 
through Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139). Until the technical screening criteria for the 
objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have been finalised, it is not known whether the Bank’s Green 
Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, 
once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that any projects or uses the subject of, will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of a green bond. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) which may or may 
not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds to fulfil any environmental and/or other 
criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued and the criteria and/or considerations 
that underlie such report, assessment, opinion or certification may change at any time. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions 
and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. Investors in any Green 
Bonds shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or 
certification for the content of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification.  
In the event that any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing, admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required or intend to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings, 
admission to trading or display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing,

--- Page 32 ---
32(80) 
 
admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, there can 
be no assurance that the Bank will be able to do this and there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in accordance 
with the Green Bond Framework, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and 
certifications, will not (i) constitute an event of default under the relevant Green Bond, or (ii) be a breach of 
contract with respect to any Green Bonds or give rise to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate 
the Green Bonds) of a holder of such Green Bonds against the Bank, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Bank to 
redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Bank in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds. 
The occurrence of any of the above factors or the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Bank is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, 
assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Green Bonds and/or other Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (which consequences may include the need to 
sell such Green Bonds as a result of such bonds not falling within the investor’s investment criteria or mandate). 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Loans with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Loans. During that 
time, Bondholders of Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate are exposed to the risk that the price of such Loans 
may fall because of changes in the market yield. While the nominal interest rate of Covered Bonds with fixed 
interest rate is fixed until the Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds, the market yield typically changes on a daily 
basis. As the market yield changes, the price of Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate changes in the opposite 
direction, i.e. if the market yield increases, the price of such Covered Bonds falls and if the market yield falls, the 
price of such Covered Bonds increases. There is a risk that the price of Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate is 
adversely affected by movements of the market yield, which, if a Bondholder decides to sell Covered Bonds in the 
secondary market, will result in such Bondholders losing a significant part of their investment in such Covered 
Bonds. 
Claims of holders of Covered Bonds could be subordinated to certain other claims in a bankruptcy 
In the event of the bankruptcy of an issuer of covered bonds, the administrator is obliged to assess whether liquidity 
matching exists for the covered bonds and any derivative instruments issued in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Act. Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, the bankruptcy administrator may take out additional loans and enter into 
derivative agreements, repurchase agreements and other agreements for the purpose of achieving a balance 
between the financial terms and conditions for the assets in the Cover Pool and derivative agreements entered into 
on the one hand and the obligations of the issuing institution pursuant to covered bonds and derivative agreements 
on the other hand. 
However, as the bankruptcy administrator can generally only enter into agreements on behalf of the bankruptcy 
estate, not the debtor in bankruptcy, the counterparties to such additional loans, derivative instruments, repurchase 
agreements and other agreements will rank senior to existing bondholders and derivative counterparties with 
respect to the assets in the Cover Pool. This senior status of the debt of a liquidity provider could, if the Bank 
enters into bankruptcy and the Cover Pool is liquidated by a bankruptcy administrator and there has been a 
deterioration in the value of the Cover Pool after such additional loans have been made, lead to a shortfall in the 
Cover Pool and holders of the Covered Bonds not being paid in full. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on the Covered Bonds 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as STIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 33 ---
33(80) 
 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and was applied as of 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
EU. Among other things, it: (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) 
the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) 
leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark and the trading 
market for such Covered Bonds. 
The Swedish Bankers’ Association held a consultation on a possible recommendation for a STIBOR fallback rate, 
normally referred to as SWESTR (Swedish krona Short Term Rate) that ended on 10th June, 2021. Following an 
announcement from the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) on 22nd June, 2021, SWESTR has been available for 
use in financial transactions since 2nd September, 2021, with the purpose of working as a replacement rate for 
STIBOR in the event of STIBOR no longer being published or administrated. The General Terms and Conditions 
provide that the interest rate benchmark STIBOR, which applies for the Covered Bonds, can be replaced as set out 
therein, upon the occurrence of a Base Rate Event which includes if STIBOR ceases to be calculated or 
administered. Such replacement shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Should 
STIBOR or the administrator not be approved under the Benchmark Regulation, or for any other reason ceases to 
be calculated or administered and be replaced by SWESTR or another interest rate benchmark, there is a risk that 
such replacement is not made in an effective manner and consequently, if STIBOR ceases to be calculated or 
administered, an investor in the Covered Bonds would be adversely affected. The degree to which amendments to 
and application of the Benchmark Regulation may affect the Bondholders is uncertain and presents a highly 
significant risk to the return on the Bondholder’s investment. 
The Covered Bonds contain no event of default provisions that allow the Covered Bonds to be accelerated and no 
gross-up provision 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any event of default provisions (including any event of default 
for non-payment) the occurrence of which would entitle holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate the Covered Bonds 
and it is envisaged that holders will only be paid scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and 
when they fall due under the conditions of the Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any Covered 
Bonds which are also green bonds will include any events of default relating to the Issuer. The only remedies 
available to holders of the Covered Bonds are to sue in respect of the non-payment or petition for the bankruptcy 
of the Bank. 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding for or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the withholding or deduction will be made without payment by 
the Bank of any additional amounts and holders of the Covered Bonds will receive only the net amount after such 
deduction or withholding.

--- Page 34 ---
34(80) 
 
There are no limitations on the Bank’s incurrence of additional debt or encumbering its assets in the future 
The Bank is not prohibited from issuing, providing guarantees in respect of, or otherwise incurring further debt 
ranking pari passu with its existing obligations, although the Bank’s obligations to holders of Covered Bonds will 
rank senior to all obligations that the Bank has incurred otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the Covered 
Bond Act. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Pool, the residual 
claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank and accordingly an 
increase in the amount of the Bank’s assets which are secured could reduce the amount of assets available to 
unsecured creditors and could result in holders of Covered Bonds not being repaid in full. 
Only limited due diligence will be undertaken in relation to the Cover Pool in connection with the issue of Covered 
Bonds 
Only limited investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the 
Cover Pool will be performed by the Managers of any issue of Covered Bonds. Neither will Bondholders receive 
detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover 
Pool, as it is expected that the constitution of such Cover Pool may change from time to time due to, for example, 
the purchase of further loans by the Bank from time to time. There may therefore be undetected issues or concerns 
regarding individual loans or other assets in the Cover Pool that would otherwise have been evident from such 
statistics or investigations. 
Only limited information relating to the Cover Pool will be available to holders of Covered Bonds 
Holders of Covered Bonds will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the loans and mortgages 
and other eligible assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool in connection with their purchase of 
Covered Bonds, as the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time due to the Bank purchasing 
or originating new loans (or new loan types), repayments and prepayments by borrowers of the loans in the Cover 
Pool as well as other reasons. 
Information regarding the Cover Pool is published by the Bank on the Investor Relations section of its website at: 
http://sebgroup.com/, on a quarterly basis and reflects Cover Pool data determined at 31st March, 30th June, 30th 
September and 31st December in each year. Cover Pool information will not be updated between such reports and, 
as a result, Cover Pool reports may not be a true reflection of the Cover Pool as at any date since the date of the 
report itself. The contents of the Bank’s website do not form part of this Prospectus and investors should not rely 
on this website. 
There is no assurance that the types or characteristics of the new loans, mortgages or eligible assets will be the 
same as those contained in the Cover Pool as at the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
There is risk relating to certain mortgagors’ rights to set-off deposits and other claims against the Bank against 
mortgage liabilities included in the Cover Pool in the event of the Bank’s bankruptcy or liquidation 
In accordance with the Covered Bond Act, the Bank intends to ensure that the nominal value of the assets in the 
Cover Pool will at all times exceed the nominal value of claims that may be asserted against the Bank in relation 
to the Covered Bonds by an aggregate value of at least two per cent. There is a risk that, upon a bankruptcy 
(konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank, those mortgagors whose mortgage loans are included in the 
Cover Pool and who also hold deposits with or have otherwise lent money to the Bank (the “Relevant 
Mortgagors”) might be able to set-off the value of those deposits or loans against their liability to the Bank under 
their mortgage. In addition, investors should note that if the Bank does not maintain sufficient eligible assets in 
the Cover Pool to offset any set-off rights of Relevant Mortgagors this may, upon any subsequent bankruptcy 
(konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Bank, result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment 
according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with 
accelerations as well as delays) or not being paid in full. 
The measures that the Bank takes in order to meet the requirements regarding the Cover Pool described in the 
paragraph above are designed to ensure that the ratings given to the Covered Bonds by Moody’s are maintained. 
However, potential investors should be aware that these measures may not be sufficient to retain such ratings in 
all circumstances and that a reduction or withdrawal of the then current rating given to Covered Bonds by Moody’s 
might occur for other reasons. Any reduction or withdrawal of a rating given to the Covered Bonds may affect the 
secondary market in, and market value of, the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 35 ---
35(80) 
 
Accordingly, investors should understand that there is no assurance that the ratings originally given to the Covered 
Bonds will be maintained in all circumstances. 
The value of the Covered Bonds could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice  
The Conditions are governed by Swedish Law. The maintenance and priority of the Covered Bonds are mainly 
regulated by the Covered Bonds Act, the SFSA’s regulations and general guidelines regarding covered bonds 
(Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda obligationer (FFFS 2013:1, as amended by 
FFFS 2022:12)) and the Rights of Priority Act (Förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)).  
The European Union’s covered bond directive and regulation came into effect on 7th January, 2020 (with an 
implementation deadline of 8th July, 2022) and on 20th December, 2021, a government bill was published by the 
Swedish Government (Prop 2021/22:76 Ändrade regler om säkerställda obligationer) (the “Covered Bond 
Proposal”) containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative amendments needed to implement such EU directive. 
The Covered Bond Proposal was approved by the Swedish parliament on 1st June, 2022, and entered into force on 
8th July, 2022. Certain changes were made to the Covered Bonds Act and the SFSA Regulations, such as the 
introduction of maturity extensions, changes with regards to which assets may be included in the Cover Pool and 
a requirement of a certain liquidity buffer.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Swedish law or laws or 
regulations or the administrative practice relating thereto, after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds and 
any such change. Any such change, and in particular changes relating to the Covered Bonds Act, the SFSA’s 
regulations and general guidelines regarding covered bonds and the Rights of Priority Act, could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Covered Bonds affected by it. 
It is uncertain how the provisions of the Covered Bond Act will be interpreted or applied by a Swedish court 
The Covered Bond Act entered into force in 2004. There have not been any cases in which the provisions of the 
Covered Bond Act have been analysed by the Swedish courts. It is uncertain how the provisions of the Covered 
Bond Act will be interpreted or applied by Swedish courts or whether changes or amendments will be made to it 
which affect the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, there is no previous legislation on covered bonds in Sweden or 
other similar legislation that would lend clear support to arguments based on analogy in a dispute over the 
interpretation of some of the provisions in the Covered Bond Act. See also “Summary of the Swedish Covered 
Bonds legislation”.

--- Page 36 ---
36(80) 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The following general terms and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions”) apply for Covered Bonds 
that Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (Reg. No. 502032-9081) (the “Issuer”), issues in the capital market 
under the Swedish program for issuances of covered bonds (the “Programme”). For each Loan, final terms 
(“Final Terms”, attached to these General Terms and Conditions) are prepared that include supplementary terms 
and conditions, which together with these General Terms and Conditions constitute the complete terms and 
conditions for the relevant Loan. Final Terms for Loans that are offered to the public will be published on the 
Issuer’s website (www .sebgroup.com). For as long as a Loan is outstanding, the Issuer will keep the General Terms 
and Conditions and the Final Terms for such Loan available on its website. 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the meaning ascribed to them below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account operator 
(kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Financial Instruments Accounts Act and through which a 
Bondholder has opened a VP-account in respect of its Covered Bonds; 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means, with respect to a specific Loan, the Total Nominal Amount of 
outstanding Covered Bonds excluding Covered Bonds held by the Issuer and any other member of the 
Group, irrespective of whether such entity is registered by name as the Bondholder of such Covered 
Bonds; 
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Loan is issued through two or more Issuing Houses, the Issuing 
House appointed by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative tasks in respect of the Loan 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan is issued through only one Issuing House, the 
Issuing House; 
“Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR as described in the 
Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR in accordance with Section 12 (Replacement of 
Base Rate). 
“Bondholder” means the person recorded on a VP-account as direct registered owner (ägare) or 
nominee (förvaltare) of a Covered Bond; 
“Bondholders’ Meeting” means a meeting of the Bondholders in respect of a Loan as described in 
Section 10 (Bondholders’ Meeting);  
“Business Day” means a day which is not a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or which is not 
treated as a public holiday for the purpose of payment of promissory notes. In this definition, 
Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve (midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (julafton) and New Year’s Eve 
(nyårsafton) shall be deemed public holidays; 
“Conditions” for a particular Loan means these General Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms 
for such Loan; 
“Covered Bond” means a unilateral promissory note which is registered in accordance with the 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act and issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and 
coupled with rights of priority in the Issuer’s covered pool pursuant to the Swedish Covered Bonds 
Act (lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer), as amended from time to time; 
“Covered Bond Directive” means Directive 2019/2162/EU on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU; 
“Day Count Convention” means, when determining an amount for a certain determination period, 
the counting basis stated in the Final Terms, and; 
(a) 
if the counting basis “30/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be calculated 
using a year of 360 days comprising twelve months of 30 days each, and in the case of a 
fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the counting basis “Actual/360” is stated as being applicable, the amount shall be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360;

--- Page 37 ---
37(80) 
 
“Dealers” means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) and such 
other dealer (emissionsinstitut) appointed in accordance with Section 13.4, but only for so long as 
such dealer has not withdrawn as a dealer; 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB, Reg. No. 556112-8074; 
“Extended Maturity” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.1; 
“Final Terms” means the final terms prepared for a particular Loan; 
“Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument; 
“Group” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and its subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” means, for a Loan, the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Rate” means: 
(a) 
until (and including) the Maturity Date (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) for a Loan with floating interest rate, the interest 
rate calculated in accordance with Section 6.1(b); and  
(b) 
if applicable, from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended 
Maturity Date, (i) for a Loan with fixed interest rate, the interest rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (ii) a floating interest rate calculated in accordance with Section 6.1(c). 
“IPA” means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) or such other issuing and paying agent (IPA) 
appointed by the Issuer for the functions set out in Section 4.5, but only for so long as such issuing 
and paying agent has not withdrawn as a issuing and paying agent or been replaced in accordance with 
Section 13.5; 
“Issue Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Issuing House” means the Dealer(s) through which a particular Loan is issued; 
“Loan” means each loan with a separate ISIN code, comprising one or more Covered Bonds with the 
same ISIN code, which the Issuer issues under this Programme; 
“Margin” means, for a Loan with floating interest rate, the margin specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Maturity Date” means, for a Loan, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount for each Covered Bond that is stated in the relevant Final 
Terms less any amount repaid, cancelled or written down in accordance with applicable legislation; 
“Record Date” means, if the relevant Covered Bonds are registered as PM securities (registrerade i 
penningmarknadsdelen) with Euroclear, 
(a) 
the Business Day before the payment date in respect of principal amounts payable under the 
Conditions; and 
(b) 
the fifth Business Day before (i) the payment date in respect of interest amounts payable 
under the Conditions, (ii) another date when payment is to be made to Bondholders (other 
than payment of principal), (iii) the date of a Bondholders’ Meeting, or (iv) another relevant 
date (other than a payment date for principal amounts payable under the Conditions), 
and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are registered as AM securities (registrerade i 
aktiemarknadsdelen) with Euroclear,

--- Page 38 ---
38(80) 
 
(a) 
the fifth Business Day before (i) the payment date in respect of principal or interest amounts 
payable under the Conditions, (ii) another date when payment is to be made to Bondholders 
(other than payment of principal), (iii) the date of a Bondholders’ Meeting, or (iv) another 
relevant date (other than a payment date for principal amounts payable under the 
Conditions), 
or, in each case, such other Business Day falling prior to a relevant date if generally applicable on the 
Swedish bond market; 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige, Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ); 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU; 
“STIBOR” means the interest rate: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the relevant 
day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page “STIBOR=” (or through such 
other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) for SEK for a period 
comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or  
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in paragraph 
(a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) as supplied to 
the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by Swedish commercial banks for deposits of 
SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate which, 
according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
“Swedish Kronor” and “SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden; 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds outstanding at the relevant time; 
“VP-account” means a securities account (VP-konto) under the Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden in which (i) an owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) 
an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
 
Further definitions are contained (where relevant) in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The definitions contained in these General Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
RAISING 
OF 
LOANS, 
LOAN 
AMOUNT, 
DENOMINATION 
AND 
PAYMENT 
COMMITMENT 
 
Under this Programme the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds in Swedish Kronor with a minimum term 
of one year. Under a Loan, Covered Bonds may be issued in more than one tranche. 
 
The Total Nominal Amount will be determined when the sale of the Covered Bonds has been 
completed and shall be represented by Covered Bonds in the denomination in SEK specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or in whole multiples thereof. 
 
The Issuer undertakes to repay the principal and to pay interest in respect of each Loan in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
 
In subscribing for Covered Bonds each initial Bondholder accepts that its Covered Bonds shall have 
the rights and be subject to the conditions stated in the Conditions. In acquiring Covered Bonds each 
new Bondholder confirms such acceptance.

--- Page 39 ---
39(80) 
 
 
REGISTRATION OF COVERED BONDS 
 
Upon issuance, Covered Bonds shall be registered in a VP-account on behalf of the Bondholder, and 
accordingly no physical notes representing the Covered Bonds will be issued. 
 
A request concerning the initial registration of a Covered Bond in a VP-account in accordance with 
Section 3.1 shall be made by the Issuer to the Account Operator. 
 
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a Covered Bond through a mandate, a 
pledge, regulations in the Code on Parents and Children (Föräldrabalken), conditions in a will or deed 
of gift or in some other way shall register her or his right to payment. 
 
For Covered Bonds registered in the name of a nominee in accordance with the Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act, the nominee shall be regarded as the Bondholder under these Conditions. 
 
The Administrative Agent shall, for the purpose of carrying out its tasks under Section 10 
(Bondholders’ Meeting) and, if possible in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Sweden and with 
Euroclear Sweden’s permission, at all other times be entitled to obtain information from the debt 
register (skuldbok) kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
 
The Administrative Agent may use the information referred to in Section 3.5 only for the purposes of 
carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in accordance with the Conditions and shall not disclose 
such information to any Bondholder or third party unless necessary for such purposes. 
 
PAYMENTS 
 
A Loan falls due on the Maturity Date, except as provided in Section 5 (Extension of Maturity Date). 
Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms.  
 
On the Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the Loan shall be repaid together 
with accrued interest (if any). If the Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, is 
not a Business Day, repayment shall be made on first following Business Day. 
 
Should an Interest Payment Date occur on a day that is not a Business Day, the relevant interest 
payment shall be made: 
(a) 
for Loans with floating interest rate, on the next following Business Day, provided that such 
Business Day does not occur in a new month in which case the relevant interest payment 
shall be made on the first preceding Business Day instead; and 
(b) 
for Loans with fixed interest rate, on the next following Business Day provided, however, 
that interest in this regard is only paid up to and including the Interest Payment Date, the 
Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date (as applicable). 
 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is a Bondholder on 
the applicable Record Date for such payment, or to such other person who is registered with Euroclear 
Sweden on such date as being entitled to receive the relevant payment or repayment amount. 
 
The Issuer has appointed the IPA to administrate payments under Covered Bonds and the IPA has 
accepted this appointment on the condition that the Issuer provides the IPA with the necessary means. 
 
Where the Bondholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record that the principal and interest 
are to be credited to a particular bank account, the payments will be made through Euroclear Sweden 
on the relevant due dates. If no such instructions have been given, Euroclear Sweden will withhold 
the amount to be paid until the Bondholder has arranged for an Account Operator to record such bank 
account, and no penalty and/or other additional interest or fee shall be payable as a result of such 
withholding. If the due date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the amount will be credited 
to an account or made available to the payee in accordance with what is set out in Section 4.2 and 
Section 4.3 (as applicable).

--- Page 40 ---
40(80) 
 
 
If the IPA or Euroclear Sweden is unable to pay the amount in the manner stated above as a result of 
some delay on the part of the Issuer or because of some other obstacle, then, as soon as the obstacle 
has been removed, the amount shall be paid by the IPA or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, to the 
person registered as Bondholder on the Record Date. 
 
If the Issuer is unable to carry out its obligations to pay through the IPA or Euroclear Sweden in the 
manner stated above due to obstacles for the IPA or Euroclear Sweden as stated in Section 17.1, the 
Issuer shall have a right to postpone the obligation to pay until the obstacle has been removed. In such 
case, interest will be calculated in accordance with Section 7.2. 
 
In the event that the person to whom the amount was paid in the manner stated above was not entitled 
to receive it, the Issuer, the IPA and Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall nevertheless be regarded 
as having fulfilled their obligations. However, this does not apply if the Issuer, the IPA or Euroclear 
Sweden, as applicable, was aware that the person to whom the amount was paid was not entitled to 
receive it or if the Issuer, the IPA or Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, neglected to show the necessary 
care given the circumstances. 
 
EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will 
be repaid by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
the Maturity Date, subject to as provided below if an extension of the Maturity Date (an “Extended 
Maturity”) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable to a Loan in the Final Terms, the Issuer may 
extend the Maturity Date, in each case subject to (i) such extension being permitted by the SFSA as a 
result of it being deemed likely that the extension will prevent insolvency (obestånd (insolvens)) of 
the Issuer or otherwise as a result of a trigger of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Swedish 
Covered Bonds Act or any other legislation that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered Bond 
Directive (a “Maturity Extension Approval”); and (ii) the Final Terms specifies the date being the 
Extended Maturity Date, the (“Extended Maturity Date”).  
 
In case of a Maturity Extension Approval, any failure by the Issuer to pay (in full) the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
 
In case of a Maturity Extension Approval, the Issuer shall as soon as possible notify the Administrative 
Agent (and instruct the Administrative Agent to notify Euroclear Sweden) and the Bondholders in 
accordance with Section 15 (Notices) (however, any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not 
in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give any Bondholder any right to 
receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Covered Bonds 
other than as expressly set out in these General Terms and Conditions). 
 
Any extension of the maturity of a Covered Bond in accordance with this Section 5 (Extension of 
Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable. In case of a Maturity Extension Approval, any extension of the 
maturity of a Covered Bond shall not for any purpose give any Bondholder any right to receive any 
payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bond other than as expressly set 
out in these General Terms and Conditions.  
 
In case of a Maturity Extension Approval, interest shall be determined and payable in accordance with 
paragraph 6.1(c). 
 
INTEREST 
 
The relevant Final Terms shall state the relevant interest structure using one of the following 
alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed interest rate 
(i) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with fixed interest rate, the Loan shall bear interest 
on its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest

--- Page 41 ---
41(80) 
 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. Interest accrued 
during an Interest Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360.  
(ii) 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Interest Rate is not a 
Business Day, then interest will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is 
calculated and accrued only up to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Floating interest rate 
(i) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with floating interest rate, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate applicable to each 
respective Interest Period is determined by the Administrative Agent on the 
respective Interest Determination Date as the applicable Base Rate plus the Margin 
for such period, adjusted for the application of Section 12 (Replacement of Base 
Rate). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding paragraph (i) above and subject to 
paragraph (iii)below, if the applicable Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant 
period is below zero (0), the floating interest rate shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
(iii) 
If the Interest Rate is not determined on the Interest Determination Date because of 
an obstacle such as is described in Section 16.1 the Loan shall continue to bear 
interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As 
soon as the obstacle has been removed the Administrative Agent shall calculate a 
new Interest Rate to apply from the second Business Day after the date of 
calculation until the end of the current Interest Period.  
(iv) 
Interest is paid in arrears on each relevant Interest Payment Date and is calculated 
using the Day Count Convention Actual/360, or by using such other method of 
calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(v) 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing Floating Interest Rate is not a 
Business Day, then the next Business Day shall be considered the Interest Payment 
Date provided that such Business Day does not occur in a new calendar month, in 
which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the previous Business Day. Interest 
is calculated and accrued up to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Extended Maturity applies 
In case of a Maturity Extension Approval: 
(i) 
the Loan shall bear interest from (but excluding) the Maturity Date to (and 
including) the Extended Maturity Date. The final Interest Payment Date shall fall 
no later than the Extended Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date shall be determined by 
the Administrative Agent, in accordance with Section 6.1(a) or 6.1(b), mutatis 
mutandis, and the applicable Final Terms. 
 
PENALTY INTEREST 
 
In the event of delay in payment relating to principal (except, in case of a Maturity Extension 
Approval, in which case penalty interest shall be paid on the amount due from such Extended Maturity 
Date) and/or interest (except in accordance with Section 4.6), penalty interest shall be paid on the 
amount due from the due date up to (and including) the day on which payment is made, at an interest 
rate which corresponds to one week’s STIBOR applicable on the first Business Day in each calendar 
week during the course of delay plus two percentage points. However, penalty interest according to 
this Section 7.1 shall never be lower than the Interest Rate at the due date plus two percentage points. 
Penalty interest is not compounded with the principal amount.

--- Page 42 ---
42(80) 
 
 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Section 16.1 on the part of the Issuing House(s), 
the IPA or Euroclear Sweden or otherwise out of control of the Issuer, no penalty interest shall apply, 
in which case the rate of interest which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date shall 
apply instead. 
 
ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET 
If admission to trading is specified in the relevant Final Terms for a Loan, the Administrative Agent 
shall apply to have the Loan admitted to trading at the specified listing venue. As long as a Loan is 
outstanding, but not beyond the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, if applicable) or the last 
day on which the admission to trading reasonably can, pursuant to the then applicable regulations, 
subsist, the Issuer shall take such practicably possible measures that may be required to maintain the 
admission to trading at the specified listing venue or any other Regulated Market. 
 
REPURCHASE OF COVERED BONDS 
The Issuer may repurchase Covered Bonds at any time and at any price in the open market or 
otherwise provided that this is in compliance with applicable law. Covered Bonds owned by the Issuer 
may be retained, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discretion. 
 
BONDHOLDERS’ MEETING 
 
The Administrative Agent may and, at the request of another Issuing House with respect to a specific 
Loan, the Issuer or Bondholders that at the time of such request represent at least ten (10) per cent. of 
the Adjusted Loan Amount under a particular Loan (such a request can only be made by Bondholders 
entered in the securities register on the Business Day occurring immediately after the date that the 
request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by a number of Bondholders, be 
made jointly), shall, convene a Bondholders’ Meeting for the Bondholders under the relevant Loan. 
 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Bondholders’ Meeting by sending notice of this to each 
Bondholder within five (5) Business Days of having received a request from another Issuing House, 
the Issuer or Bondholders as described in Section 10.1 (or a later date if this is required for technical 
or administrative reasons). 
 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Bondholders’ Meeting if (i) the proposed 
decision has to be approved by any party in addition to the Bondholders and this party has notified 
the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the proposed decision is not 
compatible with applicable law. 
 
The notice of the meeting described in Section 10.2 shall include (i) time for the meeting, (ii) place 
for the meeting, (iii) a specification of the Business Day on which a person must be registered as a 
Bondholder in order to be entitled to exercise voting rights, (iv) a form of power of attorney, and (v) 
the agenda for the meeting. The background and contents of each proposal as well as any applicable 
conditions and conditions precedent shall be set out in the notice in sufficient detail. If a proposal 
concerns an amendment to the Conditions, such proposed amendment must always be set out in 
precise detail. Should prior notification by the Bondholders be required in order to attend the 
Bondholders’ Meeting, such requirement shall be included in the notice. 
 
The Bondholders’ Meeting shall be held on a date that is between ten (10) and thirty (30) Business 
Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Bondholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the 
Covered Bond Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
 
Without deviating from the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the Administrative 
Agent may prescribe such further provisions relating to the convention of and holding of the 
Bondholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. Such provisions may include, among other things, 
the possibility of Bondholders voting without attending the meeting in person. 
 
Only a person who is, or who has been provided with a power of attorney in accordance with 
Section 11 (Right to Act on behalf of Bondholders) by someone who is, a Bondholder on the Record 
Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Bondholders’ Meeting. The 
Administrative Agent has the right to attend, and shall in each case ensure that an extract from the

--- Page 43 ---
43(80) 
 
debt register kept by Euroclear Sweden as at the Record Date for the Bondholders’ Meeting, is 
available at the Bondholders’ Meeting. 
 
The meeting shall be initiated by the appointment of a chairman. The Administrative Agent shall 
appoint the chairman unless the Bondholders’ Meeting decides differently. Board members, the chief 
executive officer and other senior officials of the Issuer as well as the Issuer’s auditors and advisors 
have the right to participate at the Bondholders’ Meeting in addition to the Bondholders and their 
representatives and advisors. A transcript of the debt register (skuldbok) that is kept by Euroclear 
Sweden and relevant for determining Bondholders eligible to exercise voting rights shall be available 
at the Bondholders’ Meeting (if possible in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Sweden). The 
chairman shall compile a list of present Bondholders with voting rights that includes information on 
the share of the Adjusted Loan Amount that each Bondholder represents (“voting list”). The voting 
list shall be approved by the Bondholders’ Meeting. Only persons who on the Record Date for the 
Bondholders’ Meeting were Holders, or who have been authorised in accordance with Section 11 
(Right to Act on behalf of Bondholders) by persons who were Bondholders on the Record Date, may 
exercise voting rights at the Bondholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant Covered Bonds are 
included in the Adjusted Loan Amount, and only such Bondholders and authorised persons, as 
applicable, shall be included in the voting list. 
 
The chairman shall ensure that minutes are kept at the Bondholders’ Meeting. The minutes shall 
include notes as to the participants, the issues dealt with, the voting results and the decisions that were 
made. The minutes shall be signed by the chairman and at least one person appointed at the 
Bondholders’ Meeting to approve the minutes and shall thereafter be delivered to the Administrative 
Agent. The minutes shall be available at the Issuer no later than seven (7) Business Days after the 
Bondholders’ Meeting and shall be sent upon request to each Bondholder. New or revised General 
Terms and Conditions or Final Terms shall be appended to the minutes and sent to Euroclear Sweden 
by the Administrative Agent or by any party appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Bondholders representing at least ninety 
(90) per cent of that part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Bondholders vote under the relevant 
Loan at the Bondholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing of the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, changing of terms relating 
to interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the General Terms and 
Conditions, including what follows from the application of Section 12 (Replacement of Base 
Rate)) and changing of the relevant Currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
a transfer by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under the Loan; 
(c) 
a change to the terms of this Section 10 (Bondholders’ Meeting); and 
(d) 
a mandatory exchange of Covered Bonds for other securities. 
 
Matters that are not covered by Section 10.10 (other than provisions regarding the Extended Maturity 
Date which for the avoidance of doubt may not be changed other than in accordance with Section 5.2) 
require the approval of Bondholders representing more than fifty (50) per cent of that part of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount for which Bondholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Bondholders’ 
Meeting. This includes, but is not limited to, changes to and waivers of rights related to the Conditions 
that do not require a greater majority (other than changes as described in Section 13 (Changes to 
Terms, etc)). 
 
A Bondholders’ Meeting is quorate if Bondholders representing at least fifty (50) per cent of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in Section 10.10 and otherwise 
twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan are present at the meeting 
either in person or by telephone (or are present via an authorised representative). 
 
If a Bondholders’ Meeting is not quorate the Administrative Agent shall convene a new Bondholders’ 
Meeting (in accordance with Section 10.2) unless the relevant proposal has been withdrawn by the 
party or parties that initiated the Bondholders’ Meeting. The requirement of a quorum in Section 10.12 
shall not apply at such new Bondholders’ Meeting. If the Bondholders’ Meeting has met the quorum 
requirement for certain but not all matters which are to be decided on in the meeting, decisions shall 
be made in those matters for which a quorum is present whereas any other matters shall be referred to 
a new Bondholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 44 ---
44(80) 
 
 
A decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of the Issuer or an 
Issuing House under the Conditions shall also require the approval of the party concerned. 
 
A Bondholder that holds more than one Covered Bond is not required to vote for all the Covered 
Bonds it holds and is not required to vote in the same way for all the Covered Bonds it holds. 
 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to payment being made to any Bondholder 
in order that this Bondholder will give its approval under the Conditions unless such payment is 
offered to all Bondholders that give their approval at a relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. 
 
A decision made at a Bondholders’ Meeting is binding on all Bondholders under the relevant Loan 
irrespective of whether they are represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting. Bondholders that do not 
vote for a decision shall not be liable for losses that the decision causes to other Bondholders. 
 
The Administrative Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a Bondholders’ Meeting, 
including reasonable payment to the Administrative Agent, shall be borne by the Issuer. 
 
At the Administrative Agent’s request, the Issuer shall without delay provide the Administrative 
Agent with a certificate stating the Nominal Amount for Covered Bonds held by members of the 
Group on the relevant Record Date prior to a Bondholders’ Meeting, irrespective of whether such 
entities are registered by name as Bondholders of Covered Bonds. The Administrative Agent shall 
not be responsible for the content of such a certificate or otherwise be responsible for establishing 
whether a Covered Bond is held by a member of the Group. 
 
Information on decisions taken at a Bondholders’ Meeting shall be notified without delay to the 
Bondholders under the relevant Loan by means of a press release, on the Issuer’s website and in 
accordance with Section 15 (Notices). At the request of a Bondholder the Administrative Agent shall 
provide the Bondholder with minutes of the relevant Bondholders’ Meeting. However, failure to 
notify the Bondholders as described above shall not affect the validity of the decision. 
 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF BONDHOLDERS 
 
If a party other than a Bondholder wishes to exercise a Bondholder’s rights under the Conditions or 
to vote at a Bondholders’ Meeting, such person shall be able to produce a proxy form or other 
authorisation document issued by the Bondholder or a chain of such proxy forms and/or authorisation 
documents from the Bondholder. 
 
A Bondholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Bondholder in respect of certain or 
all Covered Bonds held by the Holder. Such authorised party may act independently and is entitled to 
delegate its right to represent the Bondholder. 
 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Section 12.2 below has occurred, the Issuer shall, in consultation 
with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine a Successor 
Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to determine upon necessary 
administrative, technical and operative amendments to the General Terms and Conditions in order to 
apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The Arranger is not obligated to 
participate in such consultation or determination as described above. Should the Arranger not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Issuer shall, at the Issuer’s expense, as soon as 
possible appoint an Independent Advisor to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, 
determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect from 
and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject to any 
technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden and any calculations methods applicable to such Successor 
Base Rate. 
 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (“Base Rate Event”) 
which means:  
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to exist or 
ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a result of the Base

--- Page 45 ---
45(80) 
 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing to be calculated or 
administered;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator ceases to 
provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or publication, no successor 
administrator has been appointed or is expected to be appointed to continue to provide the 
Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) 
is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base Rate is intended to 
represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be restored in the opinion of 
the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Bondholder using the 
applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise 
become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee of the 
Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and resolution framework 
(krishanteringsregelverket), containing the information referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate Event as set 
out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Issuer may (but is not obligated to), if it is possible at 
such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in 
consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Independent Advisor, initiate the 
procedure as described in Section 12.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to change to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier 
time. 
 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event definition has 
occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided at the latest 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor Base Rate and Adjustment 
Spread have been finally decided but due to technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden, cannot be 
applied in relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this section are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided that all 
relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the adjustments described in 
this Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such subsequent Interest Determination 
Date, but without success. 
 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming effective, 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the Issuer in consultation with the Arranger 
or the Independent Advisor of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other 
amendments, give notice thereof to the Bondholders, the Administrative Agent and Euroclear Sweden 
in accordance with Section 15 (Notices). The notice shall also include information about the effective 
date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall 
also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange.

--- Page 46 ---
46(80) 
 
 
The Arranger, the Independent Advisor and the Administrative Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) shall not be liable whatsoever for any 
damage or loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the 
determination and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments 
thereto to the General Terms and Conditions, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct. The Arranger, the Independent Advisor and the Administrative Agent shall never be 
responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
 
In this Section 12.7 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread to be 
applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(a) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of 
the Base Rate; or 
(b) 
if (a) above is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Issuer in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Advisor determines is reasonable to use in order to eliminate, 
to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to another as a result 
of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in comparable debt capital 
market transactions. 
“Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) or any person 
replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
“Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as set out in 
Section 12.2 (b) to Section 12.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will occur. 
“Independent Advisor” means an independent financial institution or advisor of repute in the debt 
capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant supervisory 
authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee of any of them, 
or thirdly the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof]. 
“Successor Base Rate” means: 
(a) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure and 
calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms as MTN, 
which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (a) above, such other rate as the Issuer in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Advisor determines is most comparable 
to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this definition 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
 
CHANGES TO TERMS, ETC. 
 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest error in these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
The Issuer and the Administrative Agent may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and manifest 
error in the Final Terms of a particular Loan. The Issuer and the Issuing House(s) may agree to amend 
the Conditions provided that such amendment is not detrimental to the Bondholders. 
 
The Issuer and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Bondholders, agree on and execute amendments to the General Terms and Conditions in accordance 
with what is described in Section 12 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be 
binding on those covered by the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
A new dealer may be engaged by agreement between the Issuer and the dealer in question and the 
Issuer will inform the other Dealers thereof. A Dealer may step down as a Dealer, but an

--- Page 47 ---
47(80) 
 
Administrative Agent in respect of a particular Loan may not step down unless a new Administrative 
Agent is appointed in its place. 
 
The Issuer, the Dealers and the IPA may agree to replace the IPA with another Account Operator as 
issuing and paying agent. 
 
Amendments or waivers to the General Terms and Conditions other than as set out in Sections 13.1–
13.5 shall take place through a decision at a Bondholders’ Meeting as described in Section 10 
(Bondholders’ Meeting). 
 
Approval at a Bondholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the objective content 
of the amendment and need not contain the specific wording of the amendment. 
 
A decision on an amendment to the terms shall also include a decision on when the amendment is to 
take effect. However, an amendment shall not take effect until it has been registered with Euroclear 
Sweden (where relevant) and published on the Issuer’s website. 
 
The amendment or concession of terms as described in this Section 13 (Changes to Terms, etc) shall 
be promptly notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders in accordance with Section 15 (Notices). 
 
TIME-BAR 
 
Subject to Section 14.2, claims for the repayment of principal shall be time-barred and become void 
ten (10) years after the Maturity Date or, if occurred, the Extended Maturity Date, and claims for the 
payment of interest shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years after the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside for payments in respect of which the 
Bondholders’ right to receive payment has been time-barred and has become void. 
 
If the limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Act on Limitations 
(preskriptionslagen (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) years will commence for claims 
in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases 
calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid down in the Swedish Act on Limitations 
concerning the effect of an interruption of the limitation period. 
 
NOTICES 
 
Notices shall be provided to Bondholders for the relevant Loan at the address registered with 
Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date before dispatch. A notice to the Bondholders shall also be 
published by means of a press release and published on the Issuer’s website. 
 
Notices to the Issuer or the Dealers (other than Nordea Bank Abp) shall be provided at the address 
registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) on the Record Date before 
dispatch. 
 
Notices to Nordea Bank Abp shall be provided at the address registered in the Finnish Trade Register, 
to the attention of Debt Capital Markets, on the Business Day prior to dispatch.  
 
A notice to the Issuer or Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions that is sent by standard post 
shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and 
notices sent by courier shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient when delivered to the 
specified address. 
 
In the event that a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Bondholder the effectiveness of notices to 
other Bondholders shall be unaffected. 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ETC. 
 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers, the IPA and Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
the Dealers, the IPA and Euroclear Sweden, as applicable, shall not be held liable for any losses arising 
out of any Swedish or foreign legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a Swedish or foreign 
public authority, or war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or any other similar circumstance. The 
reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and lockouts applies even if the party concerned 
itself takes such measures or is subject to such measures.

--- Page 48 ---
48(80) 
 
 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer, the IPA or Euroclear Sweden if 
the relevant entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
 
Should a Dealer, the IPA or Euroclear Sweden not be able to fulfil its obligations under these 
Conditions due to any circumstance set out in Section 17.1, such action may be postponed until the 
obstacle has been removed. 
 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
 
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 
The Conditions shall be governed by Swedish law. 
 
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court shall be the court of first 
instance. 
 
 
We hereby confirm that the above General Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
 
Stockholm 7 July 2022 
 
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (publ)

--- Page 49 ---
49(80) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FINAL TERMS 
for Loan No. [•] 
under Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)’s Programme for Issuances of Covered Bonds 
The following are the final terms and conditions (“Final Terms”) of Loan No. [●], (the “Loan”) that 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the “Issuer”) issues in the capital market in accordance with an 
agreement with the below mentioned Issuing House(s). 
The Loan shall be subject to the general terms and conditions dated [16th July, 2020/7th July, 2022] (the “General 
Terms and Conditions”) set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus for issuances of Covered Bonds, dated 
[23rd December, 2021/7th July, 2023] as supplemented from time to time (the “Prospectus”), and the Final Terms 
set out below. Words and expressions not defined in the Final Terms shall have the meaning set out in the General 
Terms and Conditions. The Loan shall be registered as [AM/PM] securities with Euroclear Sweden. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Loan is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms, the Prospectus [as supplemented] and any documents incorporated therein by reference. These documents 
are available via www.sebgroup.com. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE LOAN 
1. 
Loan no: 
[•] 
2. 
Total Nominal Amount/Continuous 
issuance: 
[[SEK [•]] /  
[SEK [•]. Covered Bonds issued under this Loan shall be 
sold continuously at the prevailing market price. The Total 
Nominal Amount shall be determined when the sale of 
Covered Bonds is closed.] 
2.1 
(i) Tranch 1 
[SEK [•] 
2.2 
(i) [Tranch 2] 
[SEK [•]] 
3. 
Nominal 
Amount 
per 
Covered 
Bond: 
[•] 
4. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[In respect of the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date:] [[•]/Issue 
Date/Not Applicable]] 
[[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[[•]/Maturity Date/Not Applicable]] 
5. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
6. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Repayment Basis: 
[Each Covered Bond is repaid at par (i.e. at an amount equal 
to its Nominal Amount)]/ [[•] per Nominal Amount] 
8. 
Type of Interest Rate: 
[Fixed interest rate] / 
[Floating interest rate] 
9. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with fixed interest rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.] 
9.1 
Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum]

--- Page 50 ---
50(80) 
 
9.2 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] each year (subject to the General Terms and Conditions), 
the first Interest Payment Date being on [•] 
9.3 
Specific risk factors: 
[In accordance with the risk factor “The value of fixed rate 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements 
in market interest rates” in the Prospectus.] / [•] 
9.4 
Day Count Convention: 
30/360 
10. 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with floating interest rate 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.]  
10.1 
Base Rate: 
[•] month(s) [STIBOR]  
10.2 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points 
10.3 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Banking Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period, beginning on [•] 
10.4 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [•] to and including [•], 
and thereafter from one Interest Payment Date to and 
including the next Interest Payment Date 
10.5 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•],[•],[•] and [•] each year (subject to Section [4.3] of the 
General Terms and Conditions), the first Interest Payment 
Date bring on [•]  
10.6 
Day Count Convention: 
Actual number of days/360 
11. 
Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph and the 
two subsequent paragraphs 11.3 and 11.4.] 
11.1 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[        ]] 
11.2 
Type of Interest Rate for the period 
with Extended Maturity: 
[Fixed interest rate] / [Floating interest rate] 
11.3 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with fixed interest rate for the 
period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph] 
11.3.1 
Interest Rate: 
[[•] % per annum] 
11.3.2 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] each year (subject to the General Terms and Conditions), 
the first Interest Payment Date being on [•] 
11.3.3 
Specific risk factors: 
[In accordance with the risk factor “The value of fixed rate 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in 
market interest rates” in the Prospectus.] / [•] 
11.3.4 
Day Count Convention: 
30/360 
11.4 
Additional terms and conditions for 
Loans with floating interest rate for 
the period from (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date to (and including) the 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph] 
11.4.1 
Interest Base: 
[[•] month(s) STIBOR] 
11.4.2 
Margin: 
[+/-][•] percentage points

--- Page 51 ---
51(80) 
 
11.4.3 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Two] Banking Days prior to the first day of each Interest 
Period, beginning on the Maturity Date 
11.4.4 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from [•] to and including [•], 
and thereafter from one Interest Payment Date to and 
including the next Interest Payment Date 
11.4.5 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•],[•],[•] and [•] each year (subject to the General Terms 
and Conditions), the first Interest Payment Date being on [•] 
11.4.6 
Day Count Convention: 
Actual number of days/360 
Other information 
12. 
Green Bond: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph] 
12.1 
Green Bond Framework 
[Specify details]/[The Green Bond Framework dated [•] is 
applicable to this Loan. Any breach of the Green Bond 
Framework or this item [12] shall not constitute a default, 
an event of default or termination event under the General 
Terms and Conditions 
12.2 
Risk factor 
In accordance with the risk factor with heading [“include 
heading(s) of relevant risk factor(s)”] of the Prospectus. 
13. 
Credit rating: 
[•] 
14. 
Issuing House(s): 
[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank 
Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Svenska 
Handelsbanken 
AB 
(publ) 
and 
Swedbank 
AB 
(publ)]/[Specify relevant Issuing Houses] 
15. 
Administrative Agent: 
[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)] / [•] 
16. 
ISIN code: 
[•] 
17. 
Admission to trading: 
[Not applicable] [Nasdaq Stockholm] [Specify other 
Regulated Market] 
18. 
The earliest date on which the 
Covered Bonds will be admitted to 
trading: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
19. 
Estimate of the total expenses 
related to the admission to trading: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
20. 
Total number of Covered Bonds 
admitted to trading: 
[•]  
20.1 
(i) Tranch 1 
[•] 
20.2 
(i) [Tranch 2] 
[•]] 
21. 
Resolutions as basis for the issuance: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
22. 
Interests: 
[Specify details] [Not applicable] 
[If applicable, describe interests of individuals and legal 
entities involved in the issuance as well as a record of all 
interests and possible conflicts of interests of importance to 
the issuance together with records of those involved and the 
nature of the interest.]

--- Page 52 ---
52(80) 
 
23. 
Information from third parties: 
[Information in these Final Terms originating from third 
parties has been reproduced accurately and, as far as the 
Issuer knows and can ascertain based on comparisons with 
other information published by relevant third parties, no 
information has been omitted in a way that may lead to the 
reproduced information being incorrect or misleading. The 
sources for such information are [•].] / [Not applicable] 
24. 
The use of the proceeds 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s business 
activities]/[Green Bonds]/[Specify] 
25. 
The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds  
[SEK [•]]/[Total Nominal Amount] less customary 
transaction costs and fees  
 
We hereby confirm that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan No. [•] together with the General Terms 
and Conditions and undertake to repay the Loan and to pay interest in accordance herewith. We confirm that any 
material event after the date of the Prospectus that could affect the market’s assessment of the Loan have been 
made public. 
Stockholm, [•] 
SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (publ)

--- Page 53 ---
53(80) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SEB 
OVERVIEW 
SEB is a northern European financial services group. As a relationship bank strongly committed to delivering 
customer value, SEB offers financial advice and a wide range of financial services to corporate customers, financial 
institutions and private individuals in Sweden and the Baltic countries. In Denmark, Finland, Norway, Germany 
and the UK, SEB’s operations focus on delivering a full-service offering to corporate and institutional clients and 
building long-term customer relationships. As of the date of this Prospectus, SEB serves more than four million 
private customers. As of 31st March, 2023, SEB had total assets of SEK 3,802 billion and total equity of SEK 213 
billion. For the three months ended 31st March, 2023, SEB’s net profit was SEK 9.4 billion and for the year ended 
31st December, 2022, SEB’s net profit was SEK 27 billion. 
SEB is organised into the following six divisions: 
• 
Large Corporates & Financial Institutions – provides wholesale banking and investment banking services 
to large companies and institutional clients and investor services to institutional clients in SEB’s core 
markets; 
• 
Corporate & Private Customers – provides banking and advisory services to private individuals, and small 
and mid-sized companies (SMEs) and card services in the Nordic countries;  
• 
Private Wealth Management & Family Office - provides comprehensive banking infrastructure, access to 
capital markets, financing solutions and individually tailored advisory services to entrepreneurs, high net 
worth individuals, foundations and professional family offices and their families and businesses in SEB’s 
home markets; 
• 
Baltic – provides retail, corporate and institutional banking services, such as trading and capital markets 
and transaction services, to clients in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. The financial results generated by 
structured finance, life and investment management services provided in these countries are recorded in the 
Large Corporates & Financial Institutions, the Life and the Investment Management operating segments, 
respectively;  
• 
Life – provides all of the Group’s different customer segments with pension and life insurance products; 
and 
• 
Investment Management – manages SEB’s mutual funds and tailored portfolios for institutional investors, 
retail and private banking clients, and distributes funds and mandates via Institutional Asset Management. 
Investment Management is reported in the operating segment Investment Management. 
The division of Private Wealth Management & Family Office became operational as of 1st June, 2021 and became 
subject to the Group’s financial reporting as of 1st January, 2022, while the remaining five divisions have been 
operational since 1st January, 2019 as described under “Business Divisions” below. 
As of 31st March, 2023, SEB’s customer base consisted of approximately 3,100 large corporate and institutional 
customers, approximately 400,000 SMEs of which approximately 292,000 were full-service customers and 
approximately four million private individuals. At the same date, SEB had 137 retail branch offices in Sweden and 
the Baltic countries. Outside Sweden, SEB has a strategic presence, through its foreign subsidiaries, branches and 
representative offices in more than 20 countries, to support and service mainly its large corporate and institutional 
customers. As of 31st March, 2023, SEB had 16,991 full time equivalent employees, of which approximately half 
were located outside Sweden. 
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 
SEB believes that its franchise is built on strong long-term customer relationships, its product excellence and the 
quality of its advice. Its reputation stems from its long heritage of providing banking and financial services to large 
corporate customers, financial institutions and private individuals in the Nordic countries. Given its diversified 
business mix, SEB believes that it is well positioned to capture opportunities in the financial services industry in 
its core markets. SEB’s competitive strengths include:

--- Page 54 ---
54(80) 
 
Strong and long-term customer relationships 
SEB believes that its 160-year history of providing banking and financial services, its long-standing client 
relationships, its customer orientation and its strong brand allow it to develop unique relationships with, and 
knowledge of, its customers and to attract new customers. SEB’s customer focus has led to strong loyalty among 
its customers, as evidenced by continued high customer satisfaction rankings and awards within its core areas of 
strength. 
Leading market positions in core business areas 
SEB has leading market positions in its core business areas. SEB is ranked as the best corporate bank for large 
corporates overall in Sweden as well as the best financial institutions bank in Sweden by Kantar Sifo Prospera 
since 20162. In 20223 and 20214, SEB was ranked the best bank for both large corporates and financial institutions 
in the Nordics by Kantar Sifo Prospera. In 2020, SEB was ranked the best bank for large corporates in the Nordics5 
and the second best bank for financial institutions6 by Kantar Sifo Prospera. Its Large Corporates & Financial 
Institutions division is a leading corporate and investment bank in the Nordic region, with substantial market shares 
in, for example, fixed-income, foreign exchange trading and cash management.7 
SEB is also ranked number one by Kantar Sifo Prospera on sustainability advice both in Sweden and the Nordics 
according to its latest publications for 2020-20228. 
Diversified revenue base and strong focus on operational efficiency 
SEB has a diversified revenue base, including interest income on customer loans and other interest-bearing assets; 
fees and commissions from equity, fixed-income and foreign exchange trading; income from payment transactions; 
advisory and asset management service fees; and income from its life insurance operations. In addition, SEB’s 
business is diversified across customer segments (including large and mid-size corporate and institutional 
customers and retail, mass affluent and private banking individuals) and geographic markets (including, among 
others, the Nordic and Baltic countries, Germany and the UK). Moreover, SEB continues to maintain a strong 
focus on improving its operational efficiency. 
Disciplined risk management 
Comprehensive risk management is fundamental to the long-term profitability and stability of the Group and is a 
core area of focus for SEB. Since the Swedish banking crisis in the early 1990s, SEB has focused on enhancing 
its risk management systems and controls. Board supervision, a formal decision-making structure, a high level of 
risk awareness among staff, Group-wide principles and controlled risk-taking within established limits are the 
cornerstones of SEB’s risk management. To secure financial stability, risk-related issues are identified, monitored 
and managed at early stages and form an integral part of SEB’s long-term planning processes. 
Well-diversified funding base 
SEB has a strong deposit gathering franchise in its core markets through its Corporate & Private Customers 
division and, in the cash-management and custody operations, through its Large Corporates & Financial 
Institutions division. 
As of 31st March, 2023, total deposits and borrowing from the public (excluding deposits from central banks, 
credit institutions and repos) amounted to SEK 1,767 billion, or 63 per cent. of its total funding base, and the ratio 
of loans to deposits (excluding repos) was 111 per cent. SEB’s funding base comprises the sum of deposits from 
 
2 See rankings for relevant years on https://www.kantarsifo.se/erbjudande/prospera/rankings  
3 https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/8ff0c560.pdf and https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/dd987b54.pdf  
4 https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/fb1b139a7962.pdf and https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/505d83ec6bb0.pdf  
5 https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/ca26214e.pdf  
6 https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/a41def69.pdf  
7 Based on rankings available on https://www.kantarsifo.se/erbjudande/prospera/rankings  
8 Sweden 2020: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/d0f74212sv.pdf  
Nordics 2020: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/09d0c5f8nord.pdf  
Sweden 2021: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/926710e90e91sv.pdf  
Nordics 2021: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/921ef5ce0065nord.pdf  
Sweden 2022: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/fafb70930e3esv.pdf  
Nordics 2022: https://www.kantarsifo.se/sites/default/files/1c6909b36698nord.pdf

--- Page 55 ---
55(80) 
 
central banks, deposits from credit institutions (excluding repos), deposits and borrowing from the public 
(excluding repos), debt securities and subordinated debt.  
SEB benefits from a well-diversified funding base, with good access to both short and long-term financing sources. 
During 2021 and 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023, SEB raised the equivalent of SEK 75 billion, SEK 130 
billion and SEK 66 billion, respectively, in long-term funding in the domestic Swedish and international covered 
bond and senior unsecured debt markets. Mortgage covered bonds accounted for 11 per cent. of SEB’s total 
funding base as of 31st March, 2023. In October 2021, SEB issued EUR 500 million Tier 2 notes. In June 2022, 
SEB issued U.S.$500 million Additional Tier 1 convertible notes. 
STRATEGY 
SEB is a leading northern European corporate bank with international reach. By 2030, SEB’s offering to retail 
banking customers in Sweden and the Baltics is expected to be available digitally, based on its “mobile first with 
a human touch” approach. By combining strong customer satisfaction and employee engagement with a solid 
financial position, including capital, liquidity and cost control, SEB aims to continue to deliver long-term value to 
its shareholders.  
The strategic direction towards 2030 focuses on future-proofing SEB through enhanced capabilities within 
advisory, data and regulatory compliance, and accelerating income growth potential. The focus areas from the 
previous three-year business plan (2019-2021) - operational excellence, advisory leadership and extended presence 
- remain important, with the new three-year business plan (2022-2024) further emphasizing specific opportunities 
identified in relation to five key trends that are transforming its industry and customers’ needs. Such key trends 
are:  
• 
growing demand for corporate and investment banking services; 
• 
growing demand for savings and investments;  
• 
digitalisation, which was accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
the transition towards a low-carbon society where sustainability efforts are particularly accelerated by the 
targets set out in the Paris Agreement; and  
• 
a growing focus on non-financial risks.  
In line with the above trends, the focus areas of the 2022-2024 business plan are: 
• 
Acceleration of efforts - strengthening SEB’s customer offering by continuing to build on existing strengths 
with extra focus and resources targeted at already established areas.  
• 
Strategic change - evaluating the need for strategic change and transforming the way SEB conducts 
business within already established areas.  
• 
Strategic partnerships - collaborating and partnering with external stakeholders and rethinking how SEB 
produces and distributes its products and services. 
• 
Efficiency improvement - increasing its focus on strategic enablers to improve efficiency and accelerate 
SEB’s transformation journey. 
In addition, SEB aims to be a leading catalyst in the sustainability transition efforts towards a sustainable society. 
It has established goals to reduce its fossil fuel credit exposure of its energy portfolio by 45-60 per cent. by 2030 
compared to 2019 and monitor its progress through a Carbon Exposure Index. A Sustainability Activity Index has 
been established to track SEB’s progress within sustainability-related lending, sustainable finance advisory, 
sustainable investment products and investments made by Greentech, SEB’s venture capital investment unit, with 
the aim of increasing its average activity volume by six to eight times by 2030 compared to 2021. A Transition 
Ratio, which measures SEB’s corporate credit portfolio composition from a climate perspective, has also been 
introduced, which will reflect its customers’ transition in accordance with the Paris Agreement. In October 2022, 
SEB published 2030 sector targets for carbon emission reductions in its credit portfolio, in line with its 
commitment to the Net-Zero Banking Alliance.

--- Page 56 ---
56(80) 
 
HISTORY 
SEB was incorporated under the laws of Sweden on in 1971 through the amalgamation of Stockholms Enskilda 
Bank and Skandinaviska Banken as a limited liability company with registration number 502032-9081. 
Stockholms Enskilda Bank was founded in 1856 by André Oscar Wallenberg as Stockholm’s first privately-held 
bank. Skandinaviska Kreditaktiebolaget (later Skandinaviska Banken) commenced operations in 1864 as 
Stockholm’s second privately-held bank. The legal and commercial name of SEB is Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) and SEB is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket).  
SEB has its principal office at Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, Stockholm. As a public limited liability bank company, 
SEB is under the supervision of the SFSA and is regulated by inter alia the Swedish Banking and Financing Act 
(lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) and the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (lag (1995:1571) om 
insättningsgaranti). The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of SEB is F3JS33DEI6XQ4ZBPTN86. 
SEB’s website is www.sebgroup.com. The information on the website is not part of this Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Since its foundation, the cornerstones of SEB’s business have been its long-standing customer relationships, 
entrepreneurship and international outlook. These pillars have, together with the joint heritage of SEB’s main 
shareholder, Investor AB, provided a vital foundation for building Sweden’s robust export sector, comprising 
internationally leading companies across a variety of industries. 
In the 1990s, SEB set out a strategy focused on international expansion, long-term savings and the use of 
information technology to improve products and services for customers. In implementing this strategy, SEB 
restructured its operations, invested in new technologies, including e-banking solutions, and made strategic 
acquisitions. 
The acquisition of Trygg-Hansa AB in 1997 enabled SEB to offer its customers a range of life insurance and 
pension savings products. To strengthen its presence in Northern Europe, SEB acquired the German bank BfG 
Bank AG (formerly DSK Hyp AG and currently known as DSK Deutsche-Skandinavische Verwaltungs AG 
(DSV)) in 2000. In the decade between 1998 and 2008, SEB also made investments in three Baltic banks, Eesti 
Ühispank in Estonia, Latvijas Unibanka in Latvia and Vilniaus Bankas in Lithuania. These acquisitions were aimed 
at meeting increased client needs in those countries and at taking advantage of the long-term growth potential in 
the Baltic region. SEB took further steps to support its customers in the Baltic countries and in Eastern Europe 
through acquisitions of the Latvian life insurance company, Balta Life, and of Bank Agio in Ukraine (renamed 
SEB Bank in May 2006). In addition, between the years 2006 to 2008, SEB acquired, respectively, the Russian 
bank, PetroEnergoBank (renamed SEB Bank in 2007), the Ukrainian bank Factorial Bank, and GMAC 
Commercial Finance Sp. z o.o. in Poland. With the new partnership, SEB will initiate the establishment of a new 
professional family office coverage unit within SEB Denmark, which will work in close collaboration with SEB’s 
Large Corporate & Financial Institutions and Invest. 
Through a number of other smaller acquisitions during the period 1994 to 2009, SEB further expanded its position 
in the Nordic region. 
On 31st January, 2011, SEB completed the sale of its German retail banking business (which was acquired as part 
of the SEB AG business) in line with its strategy of concentrating on large corporate and institutional banking 
activities in Germany and the Nordic countries outside Sweden. Similarly, on 7th June, 2012, SEB completed the 
sale of its retail banking operations in Ukraine. SEB remains in Ukraine as a corporate bank serving its Nordic, 
Baltic and German corporate and institutional customers. In November 2014, SEB sold its card acquiring business, 
Euroline AB. On 1st September, 2015, SEB completed the sale of its German real estate investment management 
business, SEB Asset Management AG, including its main subsidiary SEB Investment GmbH, to Savills plc. As of 
1st January, 2018, the majority of the German franchise was transferred to SEB’s German branch through a 
universal succession in accordance with German law. On 4th December, 2018, SEB AG was renamed DSK Hyp 
AG, and the remaining business was operated in run-off mode. In the last quarter of 2022, the banking license of 
DSK Hyp AG was surrendered, and it was renamed DSK Deutsche-Skandinavische Verwaltungs AG (DSV) 
On 14th December, 2017, SEB entered into an agreement to sell all of its shares in SEB Pension to Danica Pension, 
Livsforsikringsaktieselskab (a subsidiary of Danske Bank) for total consideration of DKK 6.5 billion, comprising 
DKK 5.0 billion in cash consideration and a pre-closing dividend of DKK 1.5 billion in addition to the DKK 1.1

--- Page 57 ---
57(80) 
 
billion SEB received from these subsidiaries in 2017. This sale was completed on 7th June, 2018. For more details, 
see “Business Divisions—Life” below. 
On 27th April, 2022, SEB announced a strategic partnership with Ringkjøbing Landbobank in Denmark to 
strengthen its footprint in the local private banking market and to increase growth in the professional family office 
segment. In parallel with the new partnership, SEB will initiate the establishment of a new professional family 
office coverage unit within SEB Denmark, which will work in close collaboration with SEB’s Large Corporate & 
Financial Institutions and Investment Management divisions and with Ringkjøbing Landbobank. As part of the 
partnership, in 2022, SEB transferred its existing private banking business in Denmark to Ringkjøbing 
Landbobank, including assets under management of approximately DKK 13 billion. 
On 21st June, 2023, SEB announced that SEB Kort Bank AB, a wholly owned subsidiary of SEB Group, has 
entered into an agreement with Lufthansa Group to acquire all shares in Lufthansa AirPlus Servicekarten GmbH, 
a corporate payment services provider. The acquisition is expected to close in the first half of 2024. 
From its origins as primarily a Swedish bank established over 160 years ago, SEB has become a leading Nordic 
financial services group, with more than half of its customers and approximately half of its staff located outside 
Sweden. 
RATINGS 
SEB’s issuer ratings as of the date of this Prospectus are Aa3, A+ and AA- by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch, 
respectively. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union (the EU) and/or the UK and 
is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP DETAILS 
The Bank’s share capital is expressed in SEK and is distributed among the shares issued by the Bank. The Bank 
has two classes of shares outstanding: A Shares and C Shares. Each A Share carries one vote and each C Share 
carries 0.1 vote. Each shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting may vote the full number of shares owned without 
limitation. Following the shareholders’ resolution at the Annual General Meeting (the AGM) of the Bank held on 
6th March, 2009 and pursuant to the Bank’s Articles of Association adopted at such AGM, the share capital shall 
amount to not less than SEK 10,000,000,000 and not more than SEK 40,000,000,000 and the number of shares 
shall not be less than 1,000,000,000 and shall not exceed 4,000,000,000. Each A Share and each C Share carries 
equal rights to dividends and any surplus in connection with liquidation. 
The following table shows information about the Bank’s issued share capital as of 31st May, 2023: 
Share series 
Number of shares 
Number of votes 
Percentage of all 
Capital 
Votes 
A
 ..............................................  
2,115,830,987 
2,115,830,987 
98.9 
99.9 
C
 ..............................................  
24,152,508 
2,415,251 
1.1 
0.1 
Total
 ..............................................  
2,139,983,496 
2,118,246,238 
100.0% 
100.0% 
 
On 31st May, 2023 the Bank had approximately 282,543 shareholders. As of 31st May, 2023, the 20 largest 
shareholders held 58.0 per cent. of the Bank’s total share capital and 58.4 per cent. of the votes in the Bank. Non-
Swedish shareholders held 28.0 per cent. of the Bank’s capital as of 31st May, 2023. 
As of 31st May, 2023 there were six shareholders in the Bank holding more than 2.5 per cent. of the share capital, 
as shown in the table below.

--- Page 58 ---
58(80) 
 
As of 31st May, 2023 
Number of shares 
of which C 
shares 
Percentage of all 
Shares 
Votes 
Investor AB
 .................................................  
456,198,927 
4,000,372 
21.3 
21.4 
Alecta Tjänstepension
 .................................................  
125,040,886
0
5.8
5.9 
AMF Insurance & Funds
 .................................................  
113,300,251
0
5.3
5.4 
Swedbank/Robur Funds
 .................................................  
85,329,330
0
4.0
4.0 
Vanguard
 .................................................  
59,975,306
816,988
2.8
2.8 
Blackrock
 .................................................  
56,833,081
144
2.6
2.7 
 _____________  
Source: Monitor by Modular Finance AB. Compiled and processed data from various sources, including Euroclear, Morningstar and the SFSA.  
 
SEB and its shareholders comply with applicable rules and regulation (such as the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslagen (2005:551))) to ensure that the control over SEB is not abused. Furthermore, SEB is subject to 
provisions under the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (lag (2004:297) om bank- och 
finansieringsrörelse) which prohibits SEB from entering into unfavourable transactions with its shareholders. 
As far as SEB is aware, no person or persons acting together has the control over SEB (where “control” means 
acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty per cent. of the votes the SEB or the right to, directly 
or indirectly, appoint or remove the whole or a majority of the directors of the board of directors of SEB. Further, 
as far as SEB is aware, there are no shareholders’ agreements or other agreements which could result in a change 
of control of SEB. 
CORPORATE OBJECTS AND PURPOSES 
In accordance with article three of the Bank’s articles of association, its principal corporate objects and purposes 
are to carry on such banking and financial activities as are referred to in Chapter 1, Section 3 and Chapter 7, Section 
1 of the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (2004: 297), together with all activities related thereto. 
BUSINESS DIVISIONS 
SEB is organised into the following six divisions: Large Corporates & Financial Institutions, Corporate & Private 
Customers, Baltic, Private Wealth Management & Family Office, Life and Investment Management.  
The Private Wealth Management & Family Office division became operational as of 1st June, 2021 and became 
subject to the Group’s financial reporting as of 1st January, 2022, while the remaining five divisions have been 
operational since 1st January, 2019. 
Large Corporates & Financial Institutions 
The Large Corporates & Financial Institutions division is primarily responsible for SEB’s activities relating to 
large corporations (including real estate and shipping clients and financial sponsors) and financial institutions 
(including banks, asset managers, insurance companies, pension funds, foundations, central banks and sovereign 
wealth funds).  
The division is also responsible for developing and providing products and services to all customer segments 
within the areas of: 
• 
Investment Banking – which includes Corporate Finance, (which provides advisory services relating to 
mergers and acquisitions and equity capital markets), Equities, Equity Capital Markets and Debt Capital 
Markets (which arranges structures and executes debt transactions, including bonds, corporate acquisition

--- Page 59 ---
59(80) 
 
financings, general corporate refinancing and leveraged buy-outs as well as other types of complex debt 
facilities); 
• 
FICC Markets – which provides execution and research and development of financial instruments within 
Fixed Income, Foreign Exchange, and Commodities; as well as financial risk advisory; and 
• 
Corporate Banking, Structured Finance and Institutional Banking – which provides global custody, sub-
custody, depositary, cash clearing, prime collateral services, derivatives clearing, risk and valuation 
services and back office for hire to financial institutions. In addition, several products are combined in the 
following product offerings: fund services, prime brokerage and prime services. Cash management, 
liquidity management and payment services, trade and supply chain financing and working capital solutions 
product clusters are also included. 
SEB’s Large Corporates & Financial Institutions division operates in the Nordic countries, Germany and the UK 
and is supported through SEB’s network of international branches, subsidiaries and representative offices in New 
York, Singapore, Luxembourg, Beijing, Shanghai, Warsaw, New Delhi, Hong Kong and elsewhere. 
Corporate & Private Customers 
SEB’s Corporate & Private Customers division offers full banking and advisory services to private individuals and 
small and medium-sized corporate customers in Sweden, as well as card services in four Nordic countries.  
As of 31st March, 2023, the division serves approximately 2.1 million private customers and approximately 
189,000 full-service corporate customers. 
As of 31st March, 2023, customers within SEB’s Corporate & Private Customers division have access to the range 
of SEB’s product offerings and services through 81 branch offices in Sweden and through digital services. 
Approximately 56 per cent. of SEB’s household mortgage applications and almost 34 per cent. of new private 
customers in Sweden were applied for and onboarded digitally during the three months ended 31st March, 2023. 
The Card business area had a total average of approximately 3.6 million charge, credit, debit and co-branded cards 
in issue as of 31st March, 2023 in the Nordic region. SEB’s card issuing business includes brands such as Eurocard, 
Spendwise and several co-brands. SEB has obtained the exclusive right to operate with the Eurocard brand in 
Finland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark. In Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Switzerland and Ukraine, 
SEB has a nearly exclusive right to distribute Eurocard cards (subject to any existing right previously granted to a 
third party, which in practice is unlikely to be exercised), as no additional licenses are expected to be approved 
pursuant to SEB’s licensing agreement with Eurocard, which supports its objective to be the market leader for 
commercial cards in the Nordic region. 
Private Wealth Management & Family Office 
The division Private Wealth Management & Family Office provides comprehensive banking infrastructure, access 
to capital markets, financing solutions and individually tailored advisory services to entrepreneurs, high net worth 
individuals, foundations and professional family offices and their families and businesses in SEB’s home markets. 
Baltic 
The Baltic division serves approximately 1.7 million private customers and approximately 129,000 SME 
customers and is responsible for retail and corporate banking, trading and capital markets and transaction services 
to Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian clients. The financial results generated by structured finance and life and 
investment management provided in these countries are recorded in the Large Corporates & Financial Institutions, 
the Life and the Investment Management operating segments, respectively. This division’s product range includes 
advisory services, mortgage and other lending, savings products and cards for both SMEs and private individuals 
in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
The Baltic division’s customers have access to the range of SEB’s product offerings and services through 56 
branch offices in the Baltic countries as of 31st March, 2023, internet and mobile telephone banking and personal 
telephone banking services. The Baltic division also provides automatic bank service machines (including ATMs 
and machines for cash deposits).

--- Page 60 ---
60(80) 
 
As well as operating in a pan-Baltic structure of Baltic retail banking, Baltic corporate banking and Baltic treasury, 
the Baltic division is formally organised into three business units by geography: 
• 
Estonia;  
• 
Latvia; and 
• 
Lithuania. 
Life 
The Life business offers products within the area of pension and life insurance for individuals and corporations, 
mainly in Sweden and the Baltic countries. The Life business offers both unit-linked, traditional insurance and 
other pension savings products including health insurance. Unit-linked and portfolio bond products represented 75 
per cent. of total sales of insurance policies in the three months ended 31st March, 2023. 
The Life business operates mainly under SEB Life and Pension Holding AB, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Bank, and its various subsidiaries, which provide both unit-linked and traditional life insurance. The division 
provides life insurance solutions to approximately 805,000 private and 97,000 corporate customers with 402,000 
policyholders as at 31st March, 2023 and is organised into two business lines: 
• 
SEB Life, Sweden; and 
• 
SEB Life International. 
Certain portions of SEB’s traditional life insurance business are run through entities or under portfolios and funds 
that are not consolidated into the Group’s accounts. 
The Life business’ products are distributed through the retail branch network, insurance mediators and agents. In 
the first quarter of 2022, own sales personnel were moved to the Corporate & Private Client division. 
Investment Management  
The investment management business distributes its services through the Life division, SEB’s retail network and 
the private banking units in SEB’s core markets and in Singapore and Luxembourg, as well as through third-party 
distributors.  
The product offering of this business includes a broad range of funds, undertakings for collective investments in 
transferable securities (UCITS) and alternative investment funds (AIFs) with diverse investment strategies and 
tailored portfolios for institutional buyers. Sustainability is a focus area for SEB’s investment management 
business, which has been integrated into its daily business, with UN’s Principle for Responsible Investments (PRI) 
serving as a guide for sustainability activities, with an emphasis on inclusion, engagement and exclusion. 
COMPETITION IN KEY MARKET SEGMENTS 
In Sweden, the banking system is highly consolidated, with the four largest banking groups – Nordea Bank Abp 
(Nordea), SEB, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (Svenska Handelsbanken) and Swedbank AB (Swedbank) – 
accounting for approximately 75 per cent. of the total assets in the banking market as of 31st March, 2023 
according to Statistics Sweden9. These four banks together represented approximately 65 per cent. of total Swedish 
customer deposits and approximately 66 per cent. of total customer lending as of 31st March, 2023, according to 
the same source. Each of these banks offers comprehensive banking services to Swedish corporate clients. Despite 
their significant incumbent market shares, SEB and each of these other banks compete keenly in the Swedish 
market both in terms of price as well as service, particularly in respect of the deposit market. This competitive 
environment is evidenced by the relatively low margins and fees in Sweden for the full range of corporate and 
retail financial services, in common with other mature and consolidated European banking markets. 
 
9 See https://scb.se/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/finansmarknad/finansiella-foretag-forutom-forsakringsforetag/banker-och-
kreditmarknadsforetag-tillgangar-och-skulder/

--- Page 61 ---
61(80) 
 
In recent years, a number of fintech or alternative service providers have entered the banking market, including 
the mortgage and payment segments. In the mortgage market, competition from small and medium-sized banks 
and new entrants has intensified. These competitors, including mortgage credit companies and alternative 
investment funds, have gradually taken market share from the larger banks over the years. 
In the Swedish life insurance market, SEB’s main competitors include Försäkringsaktiebolaget Skandia and, for 
occupational pensions, Folksam Försäkringsbolag. 
The three major banks in Sweden that SEB competes with are also key competitors from a Nordic perspective. 
Danske Bank is also becoming an important competitor for SEB in the Swedish non-financial corporate market. 
SEB’s main competitor in Finland is Nordea, both in the corporate and wealth management segments. Sampo 
Bank ABP (part of Danske Bank A/S) is also a key competitor in Finland. In Norway, DNB Bank ASA and Fokus 
Bank ASA (also part of Danske Bank A/S) are the key competitors. SEB’s two main competitors in Denmark are 
Danske Bank and Nordea.  
In Germany, SEB’s business faces its primary competition from Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank and UniCredit as 
well as BNP Paribas, HSBC and ING. 
In the Baltic countries, SEB’s main competitors are Swedbank and Luminor, though a number of local banks have 
increased their market shares in recent years. SEB also competes with other large international banks in the 
wholesale and investment banking area.  
SUBSIDIARIES 
The Bank is the parent company of the Group. The Bank’s large subsidiaries are SEB Life and Pension Holding 
AB, SEB Kort Bank AB, AS SEB Pank (Estonia), AS SEB banka (Latvia) and AB SEB bankas (Lithuania), which 
are all wholly owned. SEB’s subsidiaries as of 31st December, 2022 are listed in Note 22 to the 2022 Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. In addition, a portion of SEB’s traditional life insurance 
business is carried out through a non-consolidated entity, Gamla Liv, as described in Note 1, “Accounting Policies” 
to the 2022 Financial Statements.

--- Page 62 ---
62(80) 
 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS 
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) has the overall responsibility for the activities carried out within the Bank 
and the Group and thus decides on the nature, direction, strategy and framework of their activities and sets the 
objectives for these activities. 
The President is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s activities in accordance with the 
guidelines and established policies and instructions of the Board. The President reports to the Board and submits 
at each Board meeting a report on, among other things, the development of the business in relation to resolutions 
taken by the Board at each of its meetings. 
The Group has three control functions, which are independent from the business operations: Group Internal Audit, 
Group Compliance and Group Risk. 
The Board 
Members of the Board are appointed by the shareholders at the AGM for a term of office of one year, extending 
through the next AGM. In accordance with the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance, the Chair of the Board is 
also appointed at the AGM of the Bank’s shareholders for a term of office until the end of the next AGM. The 
Bank’s articles of association specify that the Board shall consist of not less than six and not more than thirteen 
members, with a maximum of six deputies. In addition, and in accordance with Swedish law, there must be 
directors appointed by the Bank’s employees. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Board has eleven directors, 
without any deputies, ten of whom were re-elected and one of whom was newly elected by the shareholders at the 
Bank’s AGM held on 4th April, 2023 and two members and two deputies appointed by the Bank’s employees. 
The President is the only member of the Board elected by the shareholders who is also an employee of the Bank. 
All other members of the Board elected by shareholders at the Bank’s AGM are considered to be independent in 
relation to the Bank and its management. With the exception of Marcus Wallenberg, Helena Saxon and Sven 
Nyman, who are not considered to be independent directors due to their respective relationships with Investor AB, 
which is a major shareholder of SEB, all other members of the Board are considered to be independent in relation 
to the major shareholders of SEB. 
The Board appoints and dismisses the President and his/her deputy as well as the Executive Vice Presidents, the 
Chief Risk Officer, the members of the Group Executive Committee (“GEC”) and the Head of Group Internal 
Audit. 
Committees of the Board 
The Board of Directors has established committees, pursuant to the Board’s instructions, to handle certain defined 
issues and to prepare such issues for decision by the Board of Directors. At present, there are three committees 
within the Board: the Risk and Capital Committee, the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Remuneration 
and Human Resources Committee. Minutes are kept of each committee meeting and the committees submit regular 
reports to the Board. Neither the President nor any other officer of the Bank is a member of any of the committees. 
The work of the Board committees is regulated through instructions adopted by the Board. 
Risk and Capital Committee 
The Risk and Capital Committee of the Board supports the Board in overseeing and ensuring that the Group’s 
organisation is managed in such a way that all risks inherent in the Group’s business are identified, defined, 
measured, monitored and controlled in accordance with the Board’s risk tolerance statement as well as external 
and internal rules. The Risk and Capital Committee sets the principles and parameters for measuring and allocating 
risk and capital within the Group and oversees risk management systems and the risk tolerance and the strategy 
for the near and long-term, as well as the implementation of this strategy. The Risk and Capital Committee reviews 
and makes proposals for Group policies and strategies, and monitors the implementation of these policies. The 
Risk and Capital Committee makes proposals to the Board regarding the decisions to be taken by the Board 
concerning limits for market and liquidity risks.  
The Risk and Capital Committee adopts credit policies and instructions that supplement the Group Credit Policy 
and the Group Credit Instruction and makes decisions on individual credit matters (matters of major importance 
or of importance as to principles). In addition, the Risk and Capital Committee reviews on a regular basis both 
significant developments in the credit portfolio and the credit evaluation process within the Group. It also examines 
matters relating to operational risk, market and liquidity risk and insurance risk.

--- Page 63 ---
63(80) 
 
The Risk and Capital Committee regularly reviews essential changes in the overall capital and liquidity situation 
and the capital adequacy situation of the Group. The Risk and Capital Committee deals with changes in the Group’s 
capital goals and with capital management matters, and makes proposals to the Board on such matters, including 
dividend levels and the set-up and utilisation of repurchase programmes of own shares.  
The Risk and Capital Committee consists of three members and any decision by the Risk and Capital Committee 
requires the presence of at least two members, one of which must be the Chair or the Vice Chair. The current Risk 
and Capital Committee members are Jacob Aarup-Andersen, Chair, Marcus Wallenberg, Vice Chair, Sven Nyman 
and Lars Ottergård. The Committee held 12 meetings in 2022. 
Audit and Compliance Committee 
The Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board supports the work of the Board in terms of quality assurance 
of the Group’s financial reports and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit and Compliance 
Committee maintains regular contact with the external and internal auditors of the Group and discusses 
coordination of their activities. It ensures that any remarks and observations from the auditors are addressed. The 
Audit and Compliance Committee deals with the accounts and interim reports, as well as with audit reports, 
including any changes in the accounting rules. It assesses the external auditors’ work and independence and 
prepares proposals for new auditors prior to the AGM’s election of the auditors.  
The Audit and Compliance Committee also approves the Group’s compliance plan. The internal audit and 
compliance activities are monitored on a continuous basis. 
The Audit and Compliance Committee consists of four members, none of whom are employed by the Group. The 
Audit and Compliance Committee forms a quorum whenever a minimum of two members are present, including 
the Chair or Deputy Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee. The current Audit and Compliance Committee 
members are Helena Saxon, Chair, Marcus Wallenberg, Vice Chair and Winnie Fok. The Committee held eight 
meetings in 2022. The external auditors attended all of these meetings, except when their own work was evaluated. 
Remuneration and Human Resources Committee 
The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee of the Board prepares proposals for appointments of the 
President and the members of the GEC. The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee develops, monitors 
and evaluates SEB’s incentive programmes and how the guidelines established by the AGM for remuneration of 
the President and the members of the GEC are applied. The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee 
furthermore prepares matters regarding incentive programmes and pension plans, monitors the pension 
commitments of the Group and monitors, together with the Risk and Capital Committee of the Board, all measures 
taken to secure the pension commitments of the Group, including the development of the Group’s pension 
foundations. It also discusses personnel matters of strategic importance, such as succession planning for 
strategically important positions and other management supply issues. 
The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee consists of three members, none of whom is employed by 
the Group. The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee forms a quorum whenever a minimum of two 
members are present, including the Chair or Deputy Chair of the Remuneration and Human Resources Committee. 
The current Remuneration and Human Resources Committee members are Signhild Arnegård Hansen, Chair, 
Marcus Wallenberg, Vice Chair and Anne-Catherine Berner. The Committee held seven meetings in 2022. 
President 
The President is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s activities in accordance with the 
guidelines and established policies and instructions of the Board. The President reports to the Board and submits 
at each Board meeting a report on, among other things, the development of the business in relation to resolutions 
taken by the Board at each of its meetings. 
The President appoints the Heads of Divisions, the Finance Director, the Head of Group Finance, the Head of 
Business Support and the Heads of various staff and Group functions. The President also appoints the Head of 
Group Compliance. The Finance Director and the Head of Group Finance are appointed in consultation with the 
Chair of the Board and the Head of Group Compliance after approval by the Audit and Compliance Committee of 
the Board.

--- Page 64 ---
64(80) 
 
The President has three different committees at his disposal for the purpose of managing the Group’s operations: 
the GEC for business issues, the Group Risk Committee for credit issues and the Group’s Asset-Liability 
Committee for capital and risk issues. 
Group Executive Committee 
In order to protect the interests of the Group, the President consults with the GEC on matters of major importance. 
The GEC deals with, among other things, matters of common concern to several divisions, strategic issues, 
business plans, financial forecasts and reports. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the GEC are as follows: 
Name 
Position, Other Assignments and Background 
Johan Torgeby 
President and Chief Executive Officer. 
Other present assignments: Director of Nasdaq Inc., Director of the 
Swedish Bankers’ Association. Director of the Institute of International 
Finance. Director of Mölnlycke Holding AB. Director of Mentor Sweden. 
Council member of Finnish-Swedish Chamber of Commerce. Member of 
YPO Young Presidents’ Organisation and LUSEM Advisory Board Lund 
University. IIEB (Institut International d’Études Bancaires). 
Background: The Board appointed Johan Torgeby as the new President 
and CEO effective as of 29th March, 2017. Johan Torgeby has been an 
SEB employee since 2009. He has served as Head of Client Coverage in 
SEB’s former Merchant Banking division and, between 2014 and 2016, 
as co-Head of the former Merchant Banking division. Prior to joining 
SEB, he was a Portfolio Manager and Macro-economist at Robur Asset 
Management (Swedbank), Head of Nordic and Dutch Corporate Debt 
Capital Markets & Risk Management as well as Executive Director, 
Financial Sponsors Group Private Equity at Morgan Stanley in London 
and Stockholm.
Mats Torstendahl 
Deputy President and Chief Executive Officer since 2021. Group 
Financial Crime Prevention Senior Manager since 2021, Group Data 
Privacy Senior Manager since 2018, Head of Corporate & Private 
Customers between 2018 and 2020, co-head of Corporate & Private 
Customers between 2016 and 2018.
 
Background: Mats Torstendahl started his career at ABB in 1985. In 
1987, he moved to Östgöta Enskilda Bank, where he was branch manager 
in Stockholm between 1996 and 2000. He was appointed Executive Vice 
President of Danske Bank in Sweden in 2001 and Senior Executive Vice 
President and Head of Danske Bank Sweden and a member of Danske 
Bank Group Executive Committee between 2004 and 2008. He joined 
SEB as Head of the former Retail Banking division in 2009. 
Masih Yazdi 
Chief Financial Officer since 2020.
 
Background: Prior to taking on his present position, Masih Yazdi was a 
highly ranked equity research analyst at Erik Penser Bank, Credit Suisse 
and SEB. He has also worked as a risk analyst at the SFSA. He joined 
SEB in 2013, acting as Head of Group Financial Management since 2016 
and was appointed as the Finance Director in 2018. 
Mats Holmström 
Chief Risk Officer since 2021.

--- Page 65 ---
65(80) 
 
Name 
Position, Other Assignments and Background 
 
Background: Mats Holmström joined SEB in 1990 and has held various 
positions. Most recently he was Head of Corporate Banking since 2017, 
and prior to that he was Head of Project, Asset and Structured Finance.
Jonas Söderberg 
Head of Corporate & Private Customers since 2021. 
 
Background: Jonas Söderberg joined SEB in 1999 and has held numerous 
positions, including most recently Head of Region North – Corporate & 
Private Customers, Head of Investor Relations and Senior Advisor to 
Head of Large Corporates & Financial Institutions. 
William Paus 
Executive Vice President, Head, Private Wealth Management and Family 
Office since 2021.
 
Background: William Paus joined SEB in 1992 and has held numerous 
positions within the Large Corporates & Financial Institutions division in 
Norway, Germany and Singapore and as the Co-Head of Large 
Corporates & Financial Institutions.
Jeanette Almberg 
Head of Business Support & Operations since 2022. Group Data Privacy 
Senior Manager since 2023.
 
Background: Jeanette Almberg has been an SEB employee since 2008. 
She has acted as SEB Head of Group Human Resources, Head of SEB 
Kort, Head of SEB Operations and Head of Customer Operations Tele2. 
She has also held a number of positions within marketing and sales within 
various industries.
Robert Celsing 
Head of Group Human Resources since 2022.
 
Background: Robert Celsing has been an SEB employee since 2007, 
holding several positions within the Large Corporates & Financials 
Institutions division, including Head of FICC (Fixed Income, Currencies 
and Commodities) Markets, Global Head of FX and Global Head of FX 
Trading. Prior to joining SEB he worked for Citibank and Scania. 
Jonas Ahlström 
Head of Large Corporates & Financial Institutions division since 2023 
and Co-Head of Large Corporate & Financial Institutions division since 
2021.
 
Background: Jonas Ahlström joined SEB in 2005 from Investor AB and 
has since then held several strategic, advisory and leading roles in 
different parts of the bank. He has held the position as head of SEB 
Group’s strategy office where he played a vital role in the creation and 
execution of SEB’s business plans. In 2018, he assumed the role as Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) of the Baltic division and in 2020 as Head of 
Baltic division.
Niina Äikäs 
Head of Baltic division since 2021.
 
Niina Äikäs joined SEB in 2008 and has held various positions within the 
Bank, including Head of Large Corporate Coverage in Finland. 
Petra Ålund 
Head of Group Technology since 2019 and Group Outsourcing Senior 
Manager since 2020.

--- Page 66 ---
66(80) 
 
Name 
Position, Other Assignments and Background 
 
Background: Petra Ålund has held senior positions within the IT area at 
Sandvik and Ericsson before she joined SEB as head of IT Services in 
2017 and became head of Technology in June 2019. 
Ulrika Areskog Lilja 
Head of Group Brand Marketing and Communication since 2021. 
 
Background: Prior to joining SEB, Ulrika held several leading 
communication roles at Stora Enso, SSAB, OMX Stockholm Stock 
Exchange and Neonet.
 
 
Group Risk Committee 
The Group Risk Committee is a Group-wide decision-making unit, covering all types of risk and evaluating 
portfolios, products and clients from a comprehensive risk perspective. The Group Risk Committee is authorised 
by the Board to make all credit decisions, with the exception of a few matters that are reserved for the Risk and 
Capital Committee of the Board as described under “—Committees of the Board—Risk and Capital Committee”. 
The Group Risk Committee is also responsible for: 
• 
Ensuring that all risks inherent in the Group’s activities are identified, defined, measured, monitored and 
controlled in accordance with external and internal rules; 
• 
Supporting the President in ensuring that decisions regarding the Group’s long-term risk appetite are 
complied with; and 
• 
Ensuring that the Board’s guidelines for risk management and risk control are adhered to and that the 
necessary rules and policies for risk taking within the Group are maintained and enforced. 
The President is the chair of the Committee and the Chief Risk Officer is its deputy chair. The Group Risk 
Committee typically meets on a weekly basis. 
Asset-Liability Committee 
The Asset-Liability Committee, chaired by the President, is a Group-wide decision making, monitoring and 
consultative body that handles financial stability; the trade-off between financial reward and risk appetite; strategic 
capital and liquidity issues; structural issues and issues concerning the development of the balance sheet and other 
business volumes; and financing issues relating to wholly-owned subsidiaries, among other matters. 
Internal audit, compliance and risk control 
Group Internal Audit is an independent Group-wide function, reporting directly to the Board. The main 
responsibility of Group Internal Audit is to provide reliable and objective assurance to the Board and the President 
on the effectiveness of controls, risk management and governance processes with the aim of mitigating current 
and evolving risks and in so doing enhancing the control culture within the Group. The Head of Group Internal 
Audit reports regularly to the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board and keeps the President and the 
Group Executive Committee regularly informed. The Audit and Compliance Committee adopts an annual plan for 
the work of Group Internal Audit. 
The Group Compliance function is fully independent from the business operations, although it serves as a support 
function for the Group’s business operations. Group Compliance is instructed to act proactively by providing 
information, advice, control and follow-up within the compliance areas. The areas of responsibility for Group 
Compliance include customer protection, market conduct, prevention of money laundering and financing of 
terrorism, and regulatory systems and control. The duties of the Group Compliance function are risk management, 
monitoring, reporting, development of internal rules within the compliance area, training and communication and 
relations with regulators. The Head of Group Compliance reports regularly to the President and the GEC and 
informs the Audit and Compliance Committee about compliance issues. Following a Group-wide compliance risk 
assessment and approval from the Audit and Compliance Committee, the President adopts an annual compliance 
plan.

--- Page 67 ---
67(80) 
 
The Board has the ultimate responsibility for the risk organisation and for the maintenance of satisfactory internal 
controls. The Board establishes the overall risk and capital policies and monitors the development of risk exposure. 
The Risk and Capital Committee works to ensure that all risks inherent in the Group’s activities are identified, 
defined, measured, monitored and controlled in accordance with external and internal rules. Specific risk mandates 
are established by the Board and further allocated by Board committees, executive management committees and 
other risk control bodies.  
The Chief Risk Officer function is the unit responsible for monitoring the Group’s risks, primarily credit risk, 
market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. It is a function that is deeply embedded in, yet independent from, 
business operations at the divisional level. 
The Board has adopted instructions for the internal audit and compliance activities of the Group.

--- Page 68 ---
68(80) 
 
Directors of SEB 
As at the date hereof, the members of the Board are as follows: 
Directors elected at the AGM held on 4th April, 2023 
Names 
Position 
Marcus Wallenberg(2)(4)(6) 
Chair of the Board. Chair of Saab AB and FAM AB, Vice Chair of 
Investor AB, EQT AB and the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation. 
Director of AstraZeneca PLC.
Sven Nyman(9) 
Deputy Chair of the Board. Director of Investor, Ferd Holding AS 
(Norway), the Nobel Foundation Investment Committee, the Stockholm 
School of Economics Association, the Stockholm School of Economics 
and Axel and Margaret Ax:son Johnsons Foundation. 
Signhild Arnegård Hansen(5) 
Chair of SnackCo of America Corp. Chair of the Swedish-American 
Chamber of Commerce (SACC), USA. Director of SOS Children 
Villages Sweden and SACC New York. Director of the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA).
Winnie Fok(8) 
Director of Geely Holding Group, Limited. Senior Advisor to 
Wallenberg Foundations AB.
John Flint 
CEO of UK Infrastructure Bank.
Svein Tore Holsether 
CEO and Group Chief Executive of Yara International (Norway). Chair 
of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise, the International 
Fertilizer Association. Member of the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development. Member of the Steering Committee of the 
IMAGINE Food Collective and the Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders at 
the World Economic Forum.
Lars Ottersgård(9) 
Deputy Director in EKO Respecta.
Anne-Catherine Berner(7) 
Director of Avesco AG (Switzerland), Medicover AB and Adven/Getec 
(Infrastructure Investment Fund “IIF”) and several directorships in 
foundations.
Helena Saxon(3) 
CFO of Investor AB. Director of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB.
Jacob Aarup-Andersen(1) 
CEO and Group Chief Executive of ISS Group, Denmark. Member of 
the Permanent Committee on Business Policies of Danish Industry.
Johan Torgeby 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer. Director of Nasdaq Inc., 
Director of the Swedish Bankers’ Association. Director of the Institute 
of International Finance. Director of Mölnlycke Holding AB. Director 
of Mentor Sweden. Council member of Finnish-Swedish Chamber of 
Commerce. Member of YPO Young Presidents’ Organisation and 
LUSEM Advisory Board Lund University. IIEB (Institut International 
d’Études Bancaires).
Directors appointed by the employees: 
Anna-Karin Glimström 
Chair of Financial Sector Union of Sweden SEB Group, Chair of 
Financial Sector Union Western section in SEB, Director of EB-SB 
Fastigheter AB and Director of EB-SB Holding AB.

--- Page 69 ---
69(80) 
 
 _____________  
(1) 
Chair of the Risk and Capital Committee of the Board. 
(2) 
Deputy Chair of the Risk and Capital Committee of the Board. 
(3) 
Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board. 
(4) 
Deputy Chair of the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board. 
(5) 
Chair of the Remuneration and Human Resources Committee of the Board. 
(6) 
Deputy Chair of the Remuneration and Human Resources Committee of the Board. 
(7) 
Member of the Remuneration and Human Resources Committee of the Board. 
(8) 
Member of the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board. 
(9) 
Member of the Risk and Capital Committee of the Board. 
 
Additional information on the Directors of SEB and Group Executive Committee 
Conflicts of interest 
With the exception of Marcus Wallenberg and Helena Saxon, who are not considered to be independent directors 
due to their respective relationships with Investor AB, which is a major shareholder of SEB, none of the persons 
described in the section “Directors of SEB” or the section “Group Executive Committee” of the Prospectus has any 
actual or potential conflict of interest between his or her duties to the Bank and his or her private interests and/or 
other duties.  
Business address 
The business address of each of the persons described in the section “Directors of SEB” or the section “Group 
Executive Committee” of the Prospectus is Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, 
SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Auditor 
Both the 2021 and 2022 Annual Financial Statements have been audited by Ernst & Young AB, with Hamish 
Mabon as auditor in charge, as set forth in the auditors’ reports incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The above-mentioned auditor in charge is a member of FAR, the professional institute for authorised public 
accountants, licensed auditors for financial institutions and other highly qualified professionals in the accountancy 
sector in Sweden. 
 
Names 
Position 
Charlotta Lindholm 
Chair of the Association of University Graduates at SEB and Director of 
the Foundation of Alma Detthows
Deputy Directors appointed by the employees:
Annika Dahlberg 
First Deputy Chair of Financial Sector Union in SEB and Financial 
Sector Union of Sweden Regional Club Group Operations in SEB. 
Director of SEB’s Aid and Education foundation. 
Marika Ottander 
Director Akademikerföreningen.

--- Page 70 ---
70(80) 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SWEDISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Covered Bonds Act, as of the date of this Prospectus. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Swedish legislative 
and regulatory framework for covered bonds. In addition to the summary below, please also refer to the section 
“Risk Factors”. 
Introduction 
The Covered Bonds Act entered into force on 1st July, 2004 and was last amended in 2022. The Covered Bonds 
Act enables Swedish banks and credit market companies (“Institutions”), which have been granted a specific 
licence by the SFSA, to issue full-recourse debt instruments secured by a pool of mortgage credits and/or public 
sector credits. Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such 
as commercial papers. 
In the event of an Institution’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties to 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the pool with those 
of the covered bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets consisting of eligible assets (see further 
under Eligible assets in the Cover Pool) (the “Cover Pool”). The Covered Bonds Act also enables such holders 
(and derivative counterparties) to continue to receive timely payments following the Institution’s bankruptcy, 
subject to certain conditions being met. 
Swedish covered bonds is the term used for debt satisfying the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act. European 
covered bonds and European covered bonds (premium) are included in the definition of Swedish covered bonds. 
All of the aforementioned terms are protected by the Covered Bonds Act. 
Swedish implementation of the new EU covered bond legislation 
The European Union’s covered bond directive (EU) 2019/2162 and regulation (EU) 2019/2160 came into effect 
on 7th January, 2020 (jointly, the New EU Covered Bond Legislation). Among other things, the New EU Covered 
Bond Legislation lays down the conditions that covered bonds have to meet in order to be recognised under 
European Union law, aiming to strengthen investor protection in the European Union by imposing specific 
supervisory duties. The New EU Covered Bond Legislation has been implemented by amendments to the Covered 
Bonds Act which entered into force on 8th July, 2022.  
For a covered bond that has been issued before 8th July, 2022, the previous version of the Covered Bonds Act as 
in force until 8th July, 2022 (the “Old Covered Bonds Act”) will, as a main principle, continue to apply during 
the remaining part of such covered bond’s maturity. Further, to ensure a smooth transition to the new rules, 
statements made in the preparatory work to the amended Covered Bonds Act indicate that issuers with covered 
bonds issued under the Old Covered Bonds Act that benefit from the same Cover Pool as covered bonds issued 
under the amended Covered Bonds Act may apply the new legislation to the Cover Pool in its entirety. 
Furthermore, the new rules on administrative sanctions applies to all infringements committed after 8th July, 2022. 
In order to ensure a smooth transition to the new framework, some of the previous provisions of the Covered 
Bonds Act will continue to apply to certain tap issues made after 8th July, 2022, during a transitional period of 24 
months and subject to certain conditions being fulfilled. 
In addition to the Covered Bonds Act, the SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority 
conferred on it by the Covered Bonds Act by issuing FFFS 2013:1 (Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna 
råd om säkerställda obligationer), with the most recently updated version being FFFS 2022:12 (the “SFSA 
Regulations”). The most recent amendments to the SFSA Regulations include, amongst other things, clarifications 
with respect to the independent inspector’s (oberoende granskare) tasks and reporting duties to the SFSA and a 
requirement on Institutions to provide information to the SFSA, and were made partly because the SFSA identified 
a need to clarify the regulations in this part to ensure the quality and structure of the independent inspector’s 
reports. Notably, the new requirement on Institutions to provide information to the SFSA obliges Institutions to 
provide further information than that submitted in the context of the SFSA’s supervision of the Institutions, and 
by article 21 of the Covered Bond Directive, respectively. For example, Institutions are required under the SFSA 
Regulations to provide information about their valuation methods (värderingsmetoder). The SFSA Regulations 
stipulate that the required information must be submitted to the SFSA four times per year, and be made available 
to the SFSA no later than 30 days after the respective balance sheet date (balansdag).

--- Page 71 ---
71(80) 
 
Registration 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the Cover Pool, relevant derivative contracts and received 
margin collateral for positions in derivative contracts must be entered into a special register (the “Register”), 
which is maintained by the Institution. The actual registration of the covered bonds and relevant derivative 
contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the priority rights in the Cover Pool. Further, only assets entered 
into the Register form part of the Cover Pool.  
The Register must at all times show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the Cover Pool and the relevant 
derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating, including without limitation due to changes 
in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the Cover Pool. The value of the 
underlying collateral securing mortgage credits in the Cover Pool, as well as proceeds derived from assets in the 
Cover Pool and derivative contracts, must also be entered into the Register.  
Eligible Assets for the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may consist of certain mortgage credits, exposures to credit institutions and public exposures 
(offentliga fordringar). Mortgage credits, exposures to credit institutions and public exposures are defined in article 
129.1 in the CRR, as amended, and must satisfy the requirements under Chapter 3, Sections 3-7 of the Covered 
Bonds Act (“Eligible Assets”). 
The Covered Bonds Act refers to and reflects the provisions on public exposures and mortgages set out in the 
CRR, and requires Institutions to meet the CRR’s requirements regarding exposure limits towards credit 
institutions. As a result, the provisions on issuance of covered bonds in the Covered Bonds Act correlate better 
with the CRR’s provisions on risk weights and capital requirements than the Old Covered Bonds Act.  
The Cover Pool is dynamic in the sense that an Institution may supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Pool 
at any time. An Institution may establish more than one Cover Pool. 
In the Covered Bonds Act, provisions on supplemental assets as included in the Old Covered Bonds Act have been 
removed and replaced with provisions on exposures to credit institutions and public exposures. 
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
For mortgage credits, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the Cover Pool, depending on 
the value of the underlying collateral: 
• 
for residential collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount does 
not exceed 80 per cent. of the market value of the collateral; and 
• 
for commercial collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount does 
not exceed 60 per cent. of the market value of the collateral. 
Commercial collateral may, however, be included in the Cover Pool even if the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 60 per 
cent., but does not exceed 70 per cent, provided the value of the Cover Pool exceeds the minimum level required 
(see matching requirements below), by at least 10 per cent. This applies also in relation to agricultural and forestry 
collateral, which was a separate category with a separately defined loan-to-value ratio in the Old Covered Bonds 
Act and is in the Swedish Covered Bond Act considered within either the category of residential collateral or that 
of commercial collateral, depending on the principal purpose of the facilities. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may be 
included in the Cover Pool (a “Partly Eligible Loan”). The Covered Bonds Act does not explicitly regulate how 
proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and the non-eligible parts of 
the loan. 
The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible and non-
eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible part of the loan 
(absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, proceeds from enforcement of the 
security should most likely be applied first towards the eligible part of the loan.

--- Page 72 ---
72(80) 
 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage serves as first-ranking security for two (or more) 
loans granted by an Institution and only one of these loans is included in the Cover Pool. The Covered Bonds Act 
does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between the two loans in case of the Institution’s 
bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured creditors of the Institution to argue that only a pro 
rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the loan included in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bonds Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against commercial collateral to 10 
per cent. of an Institution’s Cover Pool. This does not apply in relation to commercial collateral which is primarily 
used for agricultural- or forestry purposes. 
Institutions are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as collateral for 
loans included in the Cover Pool. If the market value of a mortgage asset declines significantly, then only the part 
of the loan that falls within the permitted loan-to-value ratio is eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool and is 
subject to the priority right described below. The Covered Bonds Act does not define when a decline would be 
considered significant but it is generally believed that a decline of 15 per cent. or more would satisfy this 
requirement. However, a decline in the market value following an Institution’s bankruptcy would not result in a 
reduction of the assets to which holders of covered bonds (and relevant derivative counterparties) have a priority 
right, but may result in the Cover Pool ceasing to meet the matching requirements. 
Matching Requirements 
The Covered Bonds Act prescribes that an Institution must comply with certain matching requirements, which, 
among other things, require that the nominal value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool exceeds the nominal 
value of liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued from time to time by at least 2 per cent. The calculation 
shall be made on the basis of current book values and shall, if relevant, consider applicable currency exchange 
rates. In order to comply with these requirements, the Institution may enter into and shall take into account the 
effect of relevant derivative contracts.  
The present value of the derivative contracts shall be included when determining whether the present value of the 
Cover Pool exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to Covered Bonds. The Institution is dependent on 
the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and also on such counterparties fulfilling 
their contractual obligations.  
The Cover Pool must also be sufficiently sizable to cover the costs of administration and liquidation of covered 
bonds, in case of bankruptcy. These costs may be defined by application of a standard amount (schablonbelopp). 
Furthermore, an Institution must compose the Cover Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between the 
covered bonds and the assets in the Cover Pool in terms of currency, interest rate and maturity profile. Such sound 
balance is deemed to exist when the present value of the Cover Pool at all times exceeds the present value of the 
liabilities relating to the covered bonds by at least two per cent. The present value of derivative contracts shall be 
taken into account for the purposes of such calculation. The calculations of present value shall withstand certain 
stress tests (changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates). 
The payment flows relating to the assets in the Cover Pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds shall be such 
that an Institution is at all times able to perform its payment obligations towards holders of covered bonds and 
relevant derivative counterparties. 
Non-performing assets in the Cover Pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be disregarded for the 
purposes of the matching tests. 
Liquidity buffer 
The Covered Bonds Act includes provisions concerning a specific liquidity buffer. It should cover the maximum 
cumulative net liquid outflow from an Institution over the next 180 days. The liquidity buffer shall consist of: 
(a) 
level 1 or level 2A assets as defined in Article 3 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 
10th October, 2014 to supplement Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the 
Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for Credit Institutions (the “Liquidity Coverage 
Regulation”), or

--- Page 73 ---
73(80) 
 
(b) 
exposures to credit institutions which consist of short-term deposits with an initial maturity not exceeding 
100 days and which meet the requirements for credit quality step 1 or 2 of Article 129.1c of the CRR. 
If there are special reasons, the SFSA may temporarily approve that the liquidity buffer consists of exposures 
specified in (b) above which meet the requirements for credit quality step 3 of Article 129.1c of the CRR, or level 
2B assets as defined in the Liquidity Coverage Regulation. Such special reasons could be significant concentration 
problems, as referred to in Article 129.1 in the CRR.  
Maturity extensions 
Provisions regulating the use of maturity extensions in covered bonds were introduced in Swedish law by the 
amendments to the Covered Bonds Act. Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act, an Institution may choose to include 
conditions in the terms of a covered bond contract stating that repayment can be postponed in certain 
circumstances, but the Institution is only allowed to extend the maturity of such covered bond with the approval 
of the SFSA. Before the approval is given, the Swedish Central Bank (Riksbanken) and the Swedish National Debt 
Office (Riksgälden) shall be consulted by the SFSA. 
Approval may be given by the SFSA if:  
(a) 
it is likely that an extended maturity can prevent the risk of the Institution’s insolvency (obestånd 
(insolvens)); and 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds stipulate: (i) that the maturity may only be extended after 
the SFSA’s approval, (ii) the prerequisites for SFSA approval according to (a), and (iii) the extended 
maturity date, as applicable after the SFSA’s approval.  
For covered bonds satisfying the requirements for maturity extension, the starting-point for calculating the liquidity 
buffer (see Section “Liquidity buffer” above for further information regarding liquidity buffer) is the principal 
amount of the covered bond(s), pursuant to the extended maturity date stipulated in the terms of the covered bonds.  
Supervision by the SFSA and the independent inspector 
The SFSA monitors that an Institution complies with the Covered Bonds Act and other provisions of the legislative 
and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the Institution. In addition, the SFSA appoints an 
independent inspector (oberoende granskare) for each Institution that issues covered bonds. 
The independent inspector is responsible for monitoring the Register to assess whether or not it is being maintained 
correctly and in compliance with the Covered Bonds Act and the SFSA Regulations. In particular, the independent 
inspector is required to verify that: 
(a) 
covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts are registered in the Register; 
(b) 
only Eligible Assets are included in the Cover Pool and registered in the Register; 
(c) 
the valuations of the underlying collateral for loans in the Cover Pool are in accordance with the Covered 
Bonds Act and the SFSA Regulations; 
(d) 
mortgage loans, the underlying collateral of which has decreased significantly in value are, for the purpose 
of the matching requirements, deducted from the Cover Pool to the extent necessary to comply with the 
relevant loan-to-value ratio; and 
(e) 
the matching requirements are complied with. 
The independent inspector is entitled to request information from the Institution and to conduct site visits, and is 
required to report regularly and at least once a year to the SFSA. The Covered Bonds Act does not provide for any 
change to the independent inspector’s remit upon the bankruptcy of an Institution. 
Information, monitoring and supervision 
The SFSA’s power to revoke an Institution’s authorisation for the issuance of covered bonds has been extended in 
the Covered Bonds Act (compared to the Old Covered Bonds Act) to include the situation of the Institution 
acquiring such authorisation by making false statements or by taking other irregular means. If deemed sufficient, 
a warning may also be issued as an alternative to revocation.

--- Page 74 ---
74(80) 
 
As a complement to the provisions on administrative sanctions for Institutions and other credit institutions, 
additional provisions on sanctions against natural persons are included in the Banking and Financing Business 
Act, in relation to breaches of certain provisions in the Covered Bonds Act.  
Furthermore, the Covered Bonds Act sets out a requirement on Institutions issuing covered bonds in relation to 
their providing of information to investors. An Institution should provide the information needed for an investor 
to be able to assess the covered bonds and the risk associated with investing in them. If the terms and conditions 
of the covered bonds include maturity extensions, Institutions must provide specific information about:  
(a) 
what circumstances can trigger an extended maturity; 
(b) 
whether an extended maturity is affected by the Institution being placed in bankruptcy or resolution; and 
(c) 
the requirement that the SFSA must approve the extended maturity.  
The Swedish government, or a designated authority is allowed to prescribe: (i) what information that Institutions 
need to make available for investors, in order for investors to be able to assess the covered bonds and the risk 
associated with investing in them, and (ii) when and in what way such information is to be made available.  
Benefit of a priority right in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bonds Act and the Rights of Priority Act, holders of covered bonds benefit from a priority 
right in the Cover Pool should the Institution be declared bankrupt (försatt i konkurs). The same priority is awarded 
to the Institution’s eligible counterparties to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the 
financial terms of the assets in the Cover Pool with those of the covered bonds. Such derivative counterparties and 
the holders of covered bonds rank pari passu with joint seniority in relation to the Cover Pool, and the Covered 
Bond Act enables them to receive timely payments also following the Institution’s bankruptcy, subject to certain 
conditions being met. 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties rank 
ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the Cover Pool (except 
the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for its administration of assets in the Cover Pool and costs for the 
administration). The priority claim also covers cash received by an Institution and deriving from the Cover Pool 
or relevant derivative contracts, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy 
Should an Institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the 
bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the SFSA. The administrators-in-
bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including the Cover Pool. 
Provided that (and as long as) the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act (including the 
matching requirements), the assets in the Cover Pool, the covered bonds and any relevant derivative contracts that 
have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as a unit and kept segregated from other assets 
and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the Institution. The administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such case required 
to procure the continued timely service of payments due under the covered bonds and any relevant derivative 
contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would not as such result in early repayment or suspension of payments to 
holders of covered bonds or to counterparties to derivative contracts, so long as the Cover Pool continues to meet 
the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act. 
Upon an Institution’s bankruptcy, neither the Institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue 
further covered bonds. However, the Covered Bonds Act gives the administrators-in-bankruptcy a broad mandate 
to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to attaining 
matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the Cover Pool, covered 
bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such transactions will rank senior to holders of covered bonds 
and derivative counterparties. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may also raise liquidity, for example, by selling 
assets in the Cover Pool in the market. 
If, however, the Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bonds Act, and the deviations are not 
just temporary and minor, the Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous payment under 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The holders of covered bonds

--- Page 75 ---
75(80) 
 
and counterparties to derivative contracts would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in the proceeds 
of a sale of the assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result in the 
holders of covered bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of covered 
bonds are not paid in full. However, the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would retain the 
benefit of the right of priority to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the holders of 
covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the Institution, but will rank pari passu 
with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution.

--- Page 76 ---
76(80) 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority approval 
The Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority only approves this Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of SEB that is 
the subject of this Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval of the Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Authorisations and responsibility 
SEB has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the Covered 
Bond Loans and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. The decision to establish the Programme was 
originally authorised by a resolution of the Board of SEB. 
SEB accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its 
knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of SEB is, to the extent provided by law, responsible 
for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. The Dealers and the Arranger have not verified the content in this document and are thus not responsible 
for the information presented in the Prospectus. 
Material agreements 
Neither SEB nor any other Group Company has concluded any material agreements not entered into in the ordinary 
course of its business which could result in a member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to SEB’s ability to meet its obligations to Bondholders. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group has not been party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened which SEB is aware of) during the previous 12 months from the date 
of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on SEB’s and/or the Group’s 
financial position or profitability. 
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litigation and 
regulatory risks. The Group’s banking and other operations, including its insurance operations, like those of other 
financial services companies, have been the subject of regulatory scrutiny from time to time. For example, the 
Group is subject to applicable anti-money laundering and terrorist financing laws. The supervisory authorities 
conduct ongoing inspections of the Group’s compliance with anti-money laundering legislation that could lead to 
supervisory actions. See also the risk factor “As a financial institution, SEB is exposed to risks related to money 
laundering, terrorist financing activities and sanctions violations, and compliance with anti-money laundering 
and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort” above. 
Certain material interests 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige filial, Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ), Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ) are Dealers in conjunction with the issuance of the Covered 
Bonds. The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, certain 
investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services to SEB and the Group for which they have 
received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the 
Dealers having previously engaged, or in the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, having multiple 
roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties.

--- Page 77 ---
77(80) 
 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SEB since 31st December 2022, being the end of 
the last financial period for which audited financial information of SEB was presented. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of SEB since 31st March, 2023, being the end 
of the last financial period for which financial information has been published, to the date of this Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31st March 2023 
There have been no significant changes in the financial or trading position of the Group since 31st March, 2023 
being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial information of SEB was presented. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Prospectus by reference and should be read as part of 
the Prospectus: 
Annual Report for 202110 
The Group 
Income statement on page 109 
Statement of comprehensive income on page 110 
Balance Sheet on page 111 
Statement of changes in equity on page 112 
Cash flow statement on page 113 
SEB 
Income Statement on page 114 
Statement of comprehensive income on page 114 
Balance sheet on page 115 
Statement of changes in equity on page 116 
Cash flow statement on page 117 
Notes 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 118-198 
Audit report 
Audit report on pages 203-207 
Annual Report for 202211 
The Group 
Income statement on page 111 
Statement of comprehensive income on page 112 
Balance Sheet on page 113 
Statement of changes in equity on page 114 
Cash flow statement on page 115 
SEB 
Income Statement on page 116 
Statement of comprehensive income on page 116 
 
10 https://webapp.sebgroup.com/mb/mblib.nsf/alldocsbyunid/44DC29E047E8FABDC12587F7002A8F15/$FILE/annual_report_2021.pdf  
11 https://webapp.sebgroup.com/mb/mblib.nsf/alldocsbyunid/90A6F3B0C1DDAFB8C1258960004B71A2/$FILE/annual_report_2022.pdf

--- Page 78 ---
78(80) 
 
Balance sheet on page 117 
Statement of changes in equity on page 118 
Cash flow statement on page 119 
Notes 
Notes to the financial statements on pages 120-202 
Audit report 
Audit report on pages 207-211 
2023 Q1 Interim Report12 
Financial Statements - SEB Group (including comparable 
numbers for the three months ended 31st March, 2022) 
Income statement, condensed on page 19 
Statement of comprehensive income on page 19 
Balance Sheet, condensed on page 20 
Statement of changes in equity on page 21 
Cash flow statement, condensed on page 22 
Notes 
Notes to the financial statements – SEB Group on pages 23-39 
Auditor’s review report 
Auditor’s review report on page 47 
Definitions 
Definitions on pages 49-50 
 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by SEB not to be 
relevant for investors in Covered Bonds or is covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
SEB’s annual reports for 2021 and 2022 (the “Annual Reports”) have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the 
Swedish Annual Report Act (årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). With the exception of the Annual Reports, no 
information in this Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by SEB’s auditor. 
In addition to the above and in order to enable further tap issuances of covered bonds loans under previous 
prospectuses, the general terms and conditions as of 16th July, 2020, which are included on pages 31-40 in SEB’s 
base prospectus dated 23rd December, 2021 
(https://webapp.sebgroup.com/mb/mblib.nsf/dld/DA0D2447374D6625C12587B4003C8DF4?opendocument), 
are incorporated in, and form part of this Prospectus. 
Third party information 
SEB confirms that the information sourced from third parties has been accurately reproduced and that as far SEB 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third parties, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The information sourced from third 
parties has not been audited and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA. 
Documents available 
During the term of this Prospectus, SEB’s Certificate of Registration, Articles of Association, Annual Report for 
2021, Annual Report for 2022, the 2023 Q1 Interim Report, the general terms and conditions as of 16th July, 2020, 
which are included in SEB’s base prospectus dated 23rd December, 2021 and the general terms and conditions as 
of 7th July, 2022, which are included in SEB’s base prospectus dated 7th July, 2022 are electronically available at 
 
12 https://webapp.sebgroup.com/mb/mblib.nsf/alldocsbyunid/AC2BF4D806EE431AC1258978004159A8/$FILE/2023_q1_interim_report.pdf

--- Page 79 ---
79(80) 
 
https://sebgroup.com/. The information on the website is not part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the SFSA unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
80(80) 
 
ADDRESSES 
The Issuer 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Postal address 
SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, Stockholm 
Dealers 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Postal address 
P.O Box 7523, SE-103 92 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Norrmalmstorg 1, Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 8-568 805 77 
www.danskebank.se 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Postal address 
SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8, Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 8-506 23 170 
www.seb.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address 
Helsinki, FI-00020 Nordea 
Visiting address 
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, Helsingfors 
Telephone: +358 (0) 200 70 000 
www.nordea.com 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Postal address 
SE-106 70, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Blasieholmstorg 11, Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 8 463 46 50 
www.handelsbanken.se 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Postal address  
105 34 Stockholm 
Visiting address 
Malmskillnadsgatan 23, Stockholm 
Telephone: +46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www.swedbank.se 
Auditor to the Issuer 
CSD 
Ernst & Young AB 
Postal address 
P.O Box 7850, SE-103 99, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Jakobsbergsgatan 24, Stockholm 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address 
P.O. Box 191, SE-101 23, Stockholm, Sweden 
Visiting address 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, Stockholm