--- Page 1 ---
106039572 v1 
1
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 02 SEPTEMBER 2022 
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH 
as issuer 
(a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany) 
PROGRAMME FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY LINKED CERTIFICATES 
Under this programme (the "Programme") SmartCrypto ETP GmbH (the "Issuer") may from time to 
time issue cryptocurrency linked certificates ("Certificates"). 
This document is a base prospectus for the issuance of cryptocurrency linked certificates (the "Base 
Prospectus") prepared in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation ") for the purpose of the offering of Certificates under the Programme (as 
described below). It should be read together with the applicable Final Terms (as described below) 
prepared in connection therewith. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the German Federal Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the "BaFin") as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The BaFin only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Certificates that are subject of this 
Base Prospectus.  
The validity of the Base Prospectus expires in 12 months from the date of approval. The obligation of 
the Issuer to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application will be made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for the Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on the non-regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Open Market). 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Certificates may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to 
U.S. persons.

--- Page 2 ---
106039572 v1 
2
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE CERTIFICATES 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
11 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
24 
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH 
26 
CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD. 
28 
CIRDAN METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
41 
PART 1: GENERAL CONDITIONS 
42 
PART 2: PRODUCT CONDITIONS 
49 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
57 
TAXATION 
66 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
71 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
73 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
77

--- Page 3 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
3
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND THE CERTIFICATES 
The following overview describes the key features of the Programme and the Certificates that the 
Issuer is offering under the Base Prospectus in general terms only. Investors should read this overview 
together with the more detailed information that is contained in the Base Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions and in the Final Terms. The General Description constitutes a general description of the 
Programme for the purposes of article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, 
as amended supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY LINKED CERTIFICATES 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issuance of any Series of 
Certificates under this Base Prospectus have been authorised by a 
resolution of the general meeting of the Issuer dated 4 March 2022.  
DESCRIPTION OF PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer 
SmartCrypto ETP GmbH 
Paying Agent and 
Custodian in respect of 
the Certificates 
BFF Bank SPA (”BFF”)  
BFF is registered with the Company Register of Milan under Fiscal 
Code/VAT number 07960110158. BFF’s registered Office and Head Office 
is at Via Domenichino 5 - 20149 Milano, Italy. 
BFF is an Italian bank with headquarters in Milan specialized in the 
management and non-recourse factoring of trade receivables due from 
public administrations, securities services, banking and corporate 
payments. 
Listing Agent and 
Market Maker 
Baader Bank Aktiengesellschaft (”Baader”)  
Baader’s registered office is at Weihenstephaner Str. 4 - 85716 
Unterschleissheim, Germany. 
Baader is registered with the District Court (Amtsgericht) in Munich under 
No. HRB 121537 and supervised by the German Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht - BaFin), 
Marie-Curie-Str. 24-28, 60439 Frankfurt am Main, Germany and 
Graurheindorfer Str. 108, 53117 Bonn, Germany. 
The VAT identification number of Baader is DE 114123893. Baader is an 
investment bank organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany with its principal place of business in Munich. 
Calculation Agent 
Cirdan Capital Management Ltd (“Cirdan”). 
Cirdan was incorporated in England and Wales as a company limited by 
shares under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number 08853583 
on 21 January 2014. Cirdan’s registered office is at 54 Baker Street,

--- Page 4 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
4
 
London, United Kingdom, W1U 7BU. Cirdan is authorised and regulated 
by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
Cirdan’s principal activities are the provision of investment solutions and 
quantitative strategies to asset managers and other institutional clients and 
wealth managers. Cirdan conducts its business from the United Kingdom 
under the supervision by the Financial Conduct Authority. Cirdan operates 
in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Italy. 
Dealer 
The Dealer is specified in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
Information on the 
direct or indirect 
ownership or control 
between the Parties to 
the Programme 
The Issuer is a 100% subsidiary of the Calculation Agent. 
 
Important agreements 
relating to the 
Programme  
The Issuer has entered or will enter into the following agreements that are 
integral to the Programme (the "Relevant Agreements"):  
(a) 
an agency agreement with the Paying Agent (the "Agency 
Agreement") under which, amongst other things, the Paying Agent 
is appointed by the Issuer as a paying agent in respect of the 
Certificates 
(b) 
a calculation agency agreement with the Calculation Agent (the 
"Calculation Agency Agreement), under which, amongst other 
things, the Calculation Agent is appointed by the Issuer to perform 
the duties in respect of each series of Securities. 
(c) 
a custody agreement with the Certificates Custodian (the "Custody 
Agreement" under which, amongst other things, the Custodian is 
appointed by the Issuer to carry out certain custody services in 
connection with the Certificates. 
Conflicts of interests 
Conflicts of interests of the Parties of the Relevant Agreements 
The parties to the Relevant Agreements may have ongoing relationships 
with each other and may own securities or other obligations issued by them 
or deal in any obligation of another party to the Relevant Agreements and 
may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking, 
investment management or other business transactions with each other 
and may act with respect to such transactions in the same manner as if 
the Relevant Agreements and the Certificates did not exist. 
Any party to the Relevant Agreements, other than the Issuer, may 
purchase Certificates from time to time and their interests may conflict with 
those of other Certificateholders. As a consequence of these or other such 
relationships, potential or actual conflicts of interest may exist and/or arise 
in relation to the Relevant Agreements. 
Conflicts of interests of the Parties to the Programme

--- Page 5 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
5
 
Any party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may act in a number 
of capacities in connection with any issue of Certificates. Any party to the 
Programme or any such affiliate, as the case may be, when acting in such 
capacities in connection with the transactions described herein in respect 
of any Series of Certificates shall have only the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, 
by virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any other capacity, be deemed to 
have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of 
care other than as expressly provided with respect to the relevant capacity. 
Any party to the Programme and any of its affiliates in its various capacities 
may enter into business dealings relating to the Certificates or any asset 
to which the Certificates are exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale 
of the Certificates, from which they may derive revenues and profits in 
addition to any fees stated in the various documents, without any duty to 
account therefor. 
Any party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may from time to time 
be in possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or 
opinions with regard to the issuer or obligor of any Underlying which 
information and/or opinions might, if known by a Certificateholder, affect 
decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Certificates. 
Notwithstanding this, none of the parties to the Programme or any of their 
affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to notify the Certificateholder or 
the Issuer or any other parties to the Programme (including any directors, 
officers or employees thereof) of such information and/or opinions. 
Any party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may deal in any 
obligation of the issuer or obligor of any Underlying and may accept 
deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally 
engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business 
transactions with, the issuer or obligor of any Underlying and may act with 
respect to such transactions in the same manner as if the Certificates of 
the relevant Series did not exist and without regard to whether any such 
action might have an adverse effect on the issuer or obligor of any 
Underlying, the Issuer or the Certificateholders of the relevant Series. 
Any party to the Programme and any of its affiliates may at any time be 
active and significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a 
wide range of markets for currencies, instruments relating to currencies, 
securities and derivatives. Activities undertaken by any party to the 
Programme and any of its affiliates may be on such a scale as to affect, 
temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, 
instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities 
and derivatives based on, or relating to the Certificates. Notwithstanding 
this, none of the parties to the Programme or any of their affiliates shall 
have any duty or obligation to take into account the interests of any party 
in relation to any Certificates when effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more of the parties to the Programme and their affiliates may:  
(a) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, 
structuring agent or adviser in connection with the original issuance 
of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the Underlying; 
(b) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain 
of the Underlying under a swap or other derivative agreements;

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
6
 
(c) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the 
Underlying or their respective affiliates or receive guarantees from 
such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; or  
(d) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial 
banking, financing or financial advisory services to the issuers of, 
or obligors with respect to, the Underlying. 
Subject to potential conflicts between an investor and the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer does not have interests material to the issue. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the term of the Certificates may 
acquire, confidential information or enter into transactions with respect to 
any Underlying and they shall not be under any duty to disclose such 
confidential information to any Certificateholder or the Issuer. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuance in Series and 
Tranches 
The Certificates are issued in Series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more Tranches (each a "Tranche") of Certificates. 
Final Terms 
Each Series of Certificates - and if there are several Tranches in a Series, 
each Tranche - will have a set of Final Terms, prepared for the purpose of 
Art. 8 para 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, applicable to it. Each reference 
in the Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms shall mean, in relation to a 
Series or a Tranche of Certificates, the particular set of Final Terms, which 
relates to such Series or Tranche, as the case may be. 
The Final Terms will complete the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
by adding issue specific information and should be read together with the 
Base Prospectus. The Final Terms contain vital information in regard to 
the Certificates. Each set of Final Terms will be available on the following 
website https://cirdancapital.com/regulatory-documents or any successor 
thereto. 
Terms and Conditions 
of the Certificates 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series or Tranche, as the 
case may be, will be those set out herein under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates". The Terms and Conditions shall comprise 
the general terms and conditions set out in Part 1 which are applicable to 
all Certificates (the "General Conditions") and the terms and conditions 
applicable to the particular type of Certificates, as set out in Part 2 (the 
"Product Conditions"). The Final Terms will specify which of the 
provisions set out in the General Conditions and the Product Conditions 
are applicable in respect of a particular Series or Tranche of Certificates. 
Retained Certificates 
All Certificates issued under the Programme and held by the Custodian on 
behalf of the Issuer ("Retained Certificates") shall be held in the 
Custodian’s client account at the Clearing System. While held through the 
Clearing System, the Retained Certificates will be included in the total 
number of Certificates issued through the Clearing System and will be 
classed as Certificates by the Clearing System, but the Custodian will 
renounce all rights that Certificates have and will notify the Clearing 
System accordingly. The Clearing System will treat the Certificates held in 
the Custodian’s client account as not having any rights while they are held

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
7
 
in the Custodian’s client account and will only have the same rights as 
other Certificates upon transfer to a new investor. 
On each date on which Retained Certificates are sold by the Issuer to the 
Dealer the Custodian shall transfer, in accordance with the Clearing 
System’s transfer procedures, such number of Certificates being sold that 
are held in the Custodian’s client account to the Dealer’s trading account 
at the Clearing System. The Clearing System will carry out such transfer 
in accordance with its standard transfer procedures and book entries will 
be effected within the Clearing System, such that the total number of 
Certificates held by the Custodian in the Custodian’s client account will 
have been reduced by the number of Certificates by which the number of 
Certificates held by the Dealer in the Dealer’s trading account (and then 
ultimately by the applicable participants, in the Clearing System, for the 
new investors) have been increased. Such Certificates transferred by the 
Custodian through the Clearing System will, upon transfer, cease to be 
treated as Retained Securities and the Clearing System shall note in its 
book entries that such transferred Certificates then have all the rights that 
other Certificates have.  
Retained Certificates shall be issued at the Issue Price (as specified in Part 
B of the applicable Final Terms). 
Structure diagram and 
cash flows 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PRODUCTS, KEY PRODUCT FEATURES, AND HOW THE VALUE OF THE 
CERTIFICATES IS AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE RELEVANT UNDERLYING 
Status of the 
Certficates 
The Certificates constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and not of any affiliate of the Issuer, which rank 
pari passu among themselves. The Issuer does not contemplate to issue 
debt, which is senior to the Certificates. 
The Certificates will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be 
guaranteed and no person other than the Issuer will accept any liability

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
8
 
whatsoever in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due 
under the Certificates. 
The Certificates are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured 
by any governmental agency or instrumentality or deposit protection 
scheme anywhere, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank. 
Form of the Certificates 
The Certificates will be issued and held in dematerialised form and 
centralised with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Hence, the Certificates will not be 
represented by paper certificates and the transfer and exchange of 
Certificates will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry 
system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. Accordingly, all such Certificates 
will be held on behalf of the owners via an intermediary participant in Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. In no circumstance will physical documents of title be issued 
in respect of the Dematerialised Certificates. 
Currency and  
denomination of the 
Certificates 
Certificates will be issued in the denomination and currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 All Certificates will have a denomination of less than € 100,000. 
Type of product 
The performance of each Certificate is linked to an index (each an "Index") 
relating to a) Bitcoin or another single cryptocurrency or b) a combination 
of cryptocurrencies (the "Underlying" or "Reference Item") as specified 
in Part B of the Final Terms. Holders of Certificates ("Certificateholders") 
will have no beneficial interest in any Underlying.  
Description of how any 
return on the 
Certificates takes place 
and the way it is 
calculated 
The amount payable by the Issuer in respect of each Certificate on the 
Maturity Date (the "Final Redemption Amount") will be calculated by 
reference to the change in value of the cryptocurrency index identified as 
the Underlying during the term of the Certificates. 
How the value of the 
investment is affected 
by the value of the 
underlying 
The market price or value of Certificates at any time is expected to be 
affected by changes in the value of the Underlying to which the Certificates 
are linked, i.e. to the performance of the relevant cryptocurrency index.  
Reasons for the offer, 
use of proceeds  
The reasons for the offer are making profit. The proceeds may be used to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Certificates 
("Hedging Transactions"). However, there is no obligation of the Issuer 
to enter into Hedging Transactions. 
Restrictions on free 
transferability 
The Certificates will be freely transferable, subject to the offering and 
selling restrictions in the United States, the European Economic Area and 
the laws of any jurisdiction in which the relevant Certificates are offered or 
sold.

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
9
 
Interest 
The Certificates will not bear interest. 
Rights attached to the 
Certificates and 
limitations to those 
rights 
Extraordinary Termination Events 
If, in particular, any of the following events (each an "Extraordinary 
Termination Event") occurs and is continuing then the Issuer may 
terminate the Certificates of the relevant Series and redeem them at the 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent, the Dealer, the Paying Agent or the 
Custodian default; or 
(b) 
the Custodian terminates the Custody Agreement, the Paying 
Agent terminates the Agency Agreement and the Issuer is not 
in a position to appoint an alternative provider prior to the 
effective date of the relevant termination; or 
(c) 
certain types of events with an impact on the Certificates 
occur which in the reasonable discretion of the Calculation 
Agent cannot be addressed through an adjustment; or 
(d) 
the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Terms 
and Conditions will be (i) unlawful; or (ii) it is impossible for 
the Issuer to meet the regulatory requirements; or (iii) the 
Issuer is unable to hedge the risk of issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Certificates at appropriate 
cost. 
Settlement Disruption Events 
If, in particular, any of the following events (each such event a "Settlement 
Disruption Event") occurs and is continuing then the Issuer may postpone 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount:  
The Issuer is unable, at an appropriate price, to realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of the Hedging Transactions that may have 
been entered into. 
Events of Default 
Each Certificateholder shall be entitled to terminate the Certificates for 
good cause (aus wichtigem Grund) after the occurrence of certain Events 
of Default such as non-payment of amounts due in respect of any 
Certificates, breach of other obligations by the Issuer or if the Issuer 
becomes insolvent. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on 
the Certificates.  
Maturity 
 
"Maturity Date" means the day falling not later than the tenth Business 
Day immediately following the Final Redemption Valuation Date as 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme and the Certificates 
106039572 v1 
10
 
Settlement of 
Certificates 
The Certificates will entitle the Certificateholders to receive from the Issuer 
on the Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount (as specified or 
calculated in accordance with the Terms and Conditions). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" is equal to the Final Redemption Value of the 
Certificates. The "Final Redemption Value" of the Certificates will be 
derived from the closing price of the Index on the relevant price fixing date. 
Taxation 
The Certificateholders shall be liable for any applicable taxes, duties and 
other charges due in relation to, inter alia, the issue, transfer, exercise 
and/or settlement of the Certificates. The Issuer shall be entitled to 
withhold or deduct from any amounts otherwise payable to the 
Certificateholders such amount as is necessary for the payment of such 
taxes, duties and other charges. 
Listing and admission 
to trading 
The Issuer intends to apply for admission to trading on the non-regulated 
market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Open Market).  
Governing Law 
The Certificates shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
German law. Notwithstanding the above, the registration and transfer of 
the Certificates shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Italian law. 
Modifications 
and 
Waiver 
The Terms and Conditions and any Relevant Agreement may be amended 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions set out in sections 5 to 
21 German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") with the consent of (a) the Issuer and (b) 
the Certificateholders evidencing not less than 75 % of the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the outstanding Certificates if the 
amendment affects a matter mentioned in section 5 para. 3 sentence 1 No. 
1 through 9 SchVG or (c) the Certificateholders evidencing not less than 
50 % of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding 
Certificates if the amendment affects any other matter that is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders. Any such 
determination, modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the 
Certificateholders and shall be notified to the Certificateholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter. Any amendment to the Relevant Agreement 
requires the consent of each of the other parties thereto.

--- Page 11 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
11
 
RISK FACTORS 
The factors described below represent the material and specific risks inherent in investing in the 
Certificates. The materiality of the risk factors is based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. 
I. 
Risks relating to the Issuer  
The two most material risks in this Risk Category I (Risks relating to the Issuer) are the risks set 
out under 1 (The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition) and 
2 (The Issuer is a newly established vehicle). The risks set out after the most material risks are 
not further ranked by the Issuer in accordance with their respective degree of materiality.  
1. 
The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition  
The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted global economic conditions, 
resulting in substantial volatility in the global financial markets, increased unemployment, and 
operational challenges such as the temporary closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place 
directives and increased remote work protocols. Governments and central banks around the 
world have reacted to the economic crisis caused by the pandemic by implementing stimulus 
and liquidity programs and cutting interest rates, though it is unclear whether these or future 
actions will be successful in countering the economic disruption. If the pandemic is further 
prolonged or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, the already 
existing adverse impact on the global economy will deepen, and the Issuer’s results of 
operations and financial condition in future quarters will be adversely affected. 
Should all these global market conditions be prolonged or worsen, or the pandemic lead to 
additional market disruptions, the Issuer could experience reduced client activity and demand 
for products and services, and other negative impacts on the Issuer’s financial position, including 
possible constraints on capital and liquidity, as well as a higher cost of capital. 
The extent to which the COVID 19 and the related global economic crisis affect the Issuer’s 
businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the Issuer’s regulatory 
capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery period, 
future actions taken by governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties in 
response to the pandemic, and the effects on the Issuer’s customers, counterparties, employees 
and third-party service providers.  
2. 
The Issuer is a newly established vehicle 
The Issuer is a newly incorporated vehicle established for the purpose of issuing Certificates 
and engaging in hedging activities in relation to the Certificates, entering into, and performing 
its obligations under, agreements related to the foregoing. 
Hence, the Issuer has no prior operating history or track record for a prospective investor to 
consider in making its decision to invest in the Certificates. Consequently, investors will base 
their decisions on forecasts that may not materialize in the future. As a result, the investors could 
experience a loss in the investment. 
3. 
Credit Risk 
The Certificateholders bear the credit risk of the Issuer. Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer may 
not be able to meet its obligations under the Certificates. The credit risk may materialise 
following an event of default, for example the insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
12
 
Since the obligations of the Issuer will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of any other 
entity the only assets available for satisfaction of the claims of the Certificateholders in such 
case will be assets of the Issuer. Since the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle (SPV) assets 
other than those acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds from the issuance of the Certificates 
may not be available. As a consequence, the Certificateholders may lose part or all of their 
investment. 
4. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with limited assets 
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing certificates, which it may 
do under the Programme as well as otherwise. By issuing certificates the Issuer is raising money 
for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts and hedging 
transactions. The Issuer may at its discretion, enter into programmes other than the Programme 
in order to issue secured and/or unsecured securities. Such other programmes are not 
themselves being established by the Base Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate 
from the Programme and will have a base prospectus separate from the Base Prospectus. Any 
other programmes that the Issuer enters into will have substantially the same provisions in 
respect of security, if applicable. This means that the Issuer may not always have sufficient 
assets to allow for payment of all claims of the Certificateholders and/or that other 
Certificateholders may have preferential claims on some of the Issuer's assets.  
5. 
Data 
The Issuer and its Distributors will maintain significant amounts of data surrounding 
subscriptions to and redemptions of the Certificates. For every subscription or redemption, the 
Issuer and its Distributors may receive and maintain in relation to each subscribing or redeeming 
investor the following data: (i) proof of identity for the individuals or/and directors and 
shareholders (>25%); (ii) residence or incorporation address; (iii) certain bank and securities 
accounts details; (iv) blockchain digital wallets information; (v) contact information; (vi) proof of 
company registration, (vii) proof of regulation; (viii) company's authorised signatory list, (ix) W8 
form, (x) company's audit reports, (xi) such other information requested by the Issuer from time 
to time. A significant data breach may have wide reaching adverse effects, including trading 
losses and reputational damage, which may adversely impact the Issuer’s core business and 
could therefore have a negative impact on the Issuer`s profitability, creditworthiness and 
fundraising capacity. 
6. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
6.1 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, 
commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There 
is no assurance, however, that in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary 
view regarding the applicability of any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no 
assurance that the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be 
licensed or authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or 
regulations of those jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations to the Certificateholders in a 
complete and timely manner. 
6.2 
Registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an 
investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act because the Issuer does not 
intend to issue Certificates to US persons and it does not have presence or an agent acting on 
its behalf in the United States. If the Issuer became subject to registration requirements under 
the Investment Company in the future, but failed do so, the Issuer could be exposed to fines, 
penalties and litigation. Contracts to which the Issuer were a party and which were made in 
violation of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable. These potential effects would

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
13
 
adversely affect the value of the Certificates. The Certificateholder could therefore suffer losses 
following a disposal of the Certificates. 
6.3 
Compliance 
Pursuant to the regulatory framework, which is currently applicable to the Issuer, it faces 
relatively low compliance requirements, as it is, for example, not directly responsible for "know 
your client" ("KYC") checks or anti-money laundering ("AML") checks of counterparties from 
which it acquires Cryptocurrencies. However, the Issuer takes reasonable efforts to establish 
the nature of counterparty and customer activities and to try to ascertain the legitimacy of 
counterparty funds. In this respect, the Issuer relies on its service providers to perform checks 
on the sources of funds and Cryptocurrencies relating to transactions in Cryptocurrencies. It 
should be stressed that performing KYC/AML checks in respect of transactions related to 
Cryptocurrencies is new and challenging and even though the Issuer's counterparties will be 
required to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there is risk of compliance failures with 
respect to KYC/AML. Any breach of the compliance processes of the Issuer or service providers 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s core business, including reputational 
damage and significant legal and financial impact. 
7. 
Internal control and IT risks  
7.1 
Attacks by "hackers" and sabotage from outside the Issuer  
The whole business of the Issuer depends on certain information technology (IT) infrastructure. 
Additionally, service providers (e.g. the Paying Agent and the Clearing System) also rely on IT 
systems to provide services to the Issuer. Both the Issuer’s IT systems and IT systems of such 
service providers may be hacked by criminals. The Issuer is exposed to the risk of being 
prevented from carrying out its business activities or it may breach its covenants or become 
insolvent.  
II. 
Risks relating to the Certificates 
The performance of third parties are essential for the cash flows in relation to the Certificates. 
The return of the Certificates is linked to an Underlying which will be an index relating to a) 
Bitcoin or another single cryptocurrency or b) a combination of cryptocurrencies. The 
Certificates may or may not be traded on a secondary market. The Certificates are partly 
governed by German law. All those elements of the Certificates bring about specific risks, which 
shall be set out in the following. 
The two most material risks in this Risk Category II (Risks relating to the Certificates) are the 
risks set out under 1 (Risks relating to the unsecured nature of the Certificates) and 2 (Risks 
relating to the parties of the Programme other than the Issuer). The risks set out after the most 
material risks are not further ranked by the Issuer in accordance with their respective degree of 
materiality. 
1. 
Risks relating to the unsecured nature of the Certificates 
The Issuer does not grant a security interest in favour of the Certificateholders. This means that 
in case of a default of the Issuer, the Certificateholders shall have no direct access to any assets 
of the Issuer. This may adversely affect the return on and the value of the Certificates. 
2. 
Risks relating to parties of the Programme other than the Issuer 
2.1 
Risks relating to third parties in general  
The Issuer is a party to contracts with a number of third parties who have agreed to perform 
services in relation to the Certificates. Counterparties of the Issuer may not perform their 
respective obligations under the agreements relating to such services, which may result in the 
Issuer not being able to meet its obligations under the Certificates. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Issuer but also on the

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
14
 
creditworthiness of any other party to the Programme in respect of the performance of its 
obligations. 
There can be no certainty that, in the event that any such third party needs to be replaced, a 
replacement party can be found to take over their responsibilities or that such replacement party 
will agree to do so on identical terms of those agreed with the outgoing party. Furthermore, the 
liability of any such party, the extent to which the Issuer may make a claim in the event of 
inadequate performance or non-performance may be limited by the provisions of the relevant 
contract. In such case, the ability of the Issuer to recover damages incurred may be reduced, 
which would in turn affect the amount available to make payments under the Certificates. 
In the event that one or more Extraordinary Termination Events (as defined in "DESCRIPTION 
OF THE CERTIFICATES”) occurs and is continuing then the Issuer may terminate the 
Certificates of the relevant Series and redeem them at the Early Redemption Amount. 
2.2 
Risks relating to parties of the Programme which are financial institutions  
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other 
relationships. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk". Financial institutions are likely 
routinely to execute a high volume of transactions with various types of counterparties, including 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds 
and institutional clients. To the extent they do so, they are exposed to the risk of loss if 
counterparties are unable to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution 
or other significant participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial 
institution or other significant participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could 
lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems and as such have a material adverse impact 
on other entities. This could significantly affect the ability of the parties to the Programme to meet 
their obligations to the Issuer. As a consequence, this could result in the Issuer being unable to 
meet its obligations to the Certificateholders, which will affect the timing and redemption of the 
Certificates. 
3. 
Risks relating to the Underlying 
The return on the Certificates  will depend on the performance of an index which may be 
composed of a) Bitcoin and another single cryptocurrency or b) a combination of 
cryptocurrencies (the "Underlying").  
3.1 
The COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the performance of the Underlying 
The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has impacted global economic conditions, 
resulting in substantial volatility in the global financial markets, increased unemployment, and 
operational challenges such as the temporary closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place 
directives and increased remote work protocols. It is not certain how long these conditions will 
persist. There is also a risk that subsequent waves of the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic will 
adversely affect global or national economies. Overall, the COVID 19 pandemic may have 
significant negative impact on the performance of the Underlying. Investors in the Certificates 
may therefore lose their investment due to the economic consequences of the COVID 19 
pandemic. 
3.2 
General risks of Certificates linked to an Underlying 
The return of the Certificates will be determined by reference to the Underlying. If the Underlying 
performs other than expected Certificateholders bear the risk that they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment and/or receive payment at a different time or in a different 
currency than scheduled. 
The value of a Certificate at any time is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the level 
of the Underlying to which the Certificates are linked. It is impossible to predict how the level of 
the Underlying will vary over time. The historical performance value (if any) of the Underlying

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
15
 
does not indicate the future performance of the Underlying. Factors which may have an effect 
on the value of the Underlying include the rate of return of the Underlying, the financial position 
and prospects of the issuer of the Underlying as well as economic, financial and political events 
and their effect on the capital markets generally. However, changes in the Underlying may not 
always reflect proportionally in the value of the Certificates. 
Prospective investors shall be aware that the value of the Certificates may be affected by the 
determinations and adjustments by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent may determine 
that a Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates) has 
occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any consequential postponement of such 
date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of the Certificates. In addition, the 
Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the Certificates to account for relevant adjustments 
or events in relation to the Underlying including, but not limited to, determining a successor to 
the Underlying or its sponsor (in the case of an index). In making these determinations or 
adjustments, the Calculation Agent is entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be 
subject to conflicts of interest, including the conflicts of interest highlighted above. The 
Calculation Agent is not required but has the discretion to make adjustments (or to early 
terminate the Certificates) with respect to each and every corporate action. 
Prospective investors shall be aware that neither the publisher of an underlying index nor the 
issuer of a cryptocurrency have participated in the preparation of this document or in establishing 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates and the Issuer will not make any investigation or 
enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such 
issuer or publisher contained in this document or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, the investors bear the risk that all events occurring prior to the 
issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of any publicly 
available information described in this document) that would affect the trading price and/or level 
of the Underlying will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events 
or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such issuer or 
publisher could affect the trading price and/or level of the Underlying and therefore the trading 
price of the Certificates. 
3.3 
Risks relating to an index as Underlying 
3.3.1 
Risk relating to the performance of an index 
Indices are comprised of a (synthetic) portfolio of cryptocurrencies and as such, the 
performance of an index is dependent upon the performance of components of such index, 
which may include interest rates, currency developments, political factors, market factors such 
as the general trends in capital markets or broad based indices and company-specific factors 
such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy.  
If an index does not perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of 
Certificates. The return payable on Certificates that reference indices may not reflect the return 
an investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of 
the index or owned a different form of interest in the relevant index.  
3.3.2 
A change in the composition of an index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Certificates 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The 
changing of components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added 
component may perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in 
turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the Certificateholders. The sponsor of any 
such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. 
The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Certificates and 
will have no obligation to any Certificateholder. Accordingly, the sponsor of an index may take

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
16
 
any actions in respect of such index without regard to the interests of the Certificateholders, 
and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
3.3.3 
Exposure to Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption, Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event and correction of Index level 
The Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer has broad discretion in the circumstances specified in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates to make certain determinations and adjustments, 
to replace the original Underlying with another and/or to cause early settlement of the 
Certificates any of which may be adverse to Certificateholders.  
3.3.4 
Reform of index "benchmarks" 
Indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and 
other regulatory guidance and reform projects. Some of these reforms are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences, which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Certificates 
linked to a "benchmark". 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") could have a material 
impact on any Certificates for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue has 
been made, or which are traded on a trading venue and linked to a "benchmark" for 
Benchmarks Regulation purpose, including in any of the following circumstances: 
 
an index (including a Cirdan Index) which is a "benchmark" could not be used as 
such if its administrator (including Cirdan which is an administrator for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. See “EEA Benchmarks Regulation”), 
does not obtain authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject 
to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In 
such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of 
the Certificates, the Certificates could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed or 
otherwise impacted; and  
 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the 
Certificates, including calculation agent determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or 
will occur: (1) a benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the relevant 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) 
an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in any 
official register is withdrawn. 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks". The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
17
 
of a "benchmark" could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, 
discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting or other consequence in relation to 
Certificates linked to such "benchmark". Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Certificates. 
3.4 
Risks relating to a cryptocurrency as an Underlying  
3.4.1 
Investment in the Certificates does not correspond to a direct investment in a cryptocurrency  
Investors should be aware that the market value of the Certificates does not exclusively depend 
on the prevailing price of underlying cryptocurrencies and changes in the prevailing price of the 
cryptocurrencies  may not necessarily result in a comparable change in the market value of the 
Certificates. The performance of the Certificates may differ significantly from direct holdings of 
the cryptocurrencies as a result of negative effects of fees and charges, in addition to the 
negative effect of any other risks described herein. The return on the Certificates may not reflect 
the return if the investor had actually owned the cryptocurrencies and held such investment for 
a similar period. 
3.4.2 
Passive investment risk 
The Certificates cannot be considered as an actively managed investment and may be affected 
by a general decline in the value of the underlying cryptocurrencies. Neither the Issuer nor any 
other party will actively manage cryptocurrencies. As a result, the Issuer will not take any action 
to attempt to reduce the risk of loss resulting from price decreases.  
3.4.3 
Changes in the regulation and legal and tax treatment of cryptocurrencies  
The regulation and legal and tax treatment of the cryptocurrencies is in its infancy and subject 
to change. Such treatment of the cryptocurrencies by national authorities and courts or 
international standard setting bodies may change in the future. As a result, the purchase and/or 
direct or indirect investment in the cryptocurrencies may be prohibited or otherwise restricted 
or may be made less profitable which could have an adverse effect on the return of the 
Certificates.  
3.4.4 
Potential decline in the adoption of cryptocurrencies  
As with all new assets and technological innovation, the crypto asset industry is subject to a 
high degree of uncertainty. Further adoption of cryptocurrencies will require (i) growth in their 
acceptance as currency for payments and/or (ii) growth in the use of blockchain applications 
based on cryptocurrencies. Adoption of crypto assets also requires an accommodating 
regulatory environment. The Issuer does not and will not have any strategy related to the 
development of cryptocurrencies and any applications for the blockchain technology. Lack of 
expansion in the usage of cryptocurrencies and the relevant blockchains could adversely affect 
their price and the investment in the Certificates.  
In addition, there is no assurance that cryptocurrencies will maintain their value over the long 
term. The value of a cryptocurrency is subject to risks related to its usage. Even if growth in 
the usage and/or acceptance of a cryptocurrency occurs in the near or medium-term, there is 
no assurance that cryptocurrencies usage will continue to grow over the long-term. Contraction 
in the use of cryptocurrencies may result in increased volatility or a reduction in their price, 
which would adversely impact the value of the Certificates.  
Further, it is possible that crypto assets as an asset class are widely adopted and successful, 
but cryptocurrencies in particular become obsolete and are replaced by a new generation of 
crypto assets which could negatively affect the price of cryptocurrencies and consequently the 
price of the Certificates. 
3.4.5 
Valuation of cryptocurrencies

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
18
 
The market value of cryptocurrencies is not related to any specific company, government or 
asset. The valuation of these assets depends on future expectations for the value of the 
network, number of transactions and the overall usage of the asset. This means that a 
significant amount of the value in cryptocurrencies is speculative and could lead to increased 
volatility. Investors could experience significant gains, losses and/or volatility depending on the 
valuation of a cryptocurrency through the exposure to Certificates. Due to the speculative 
nature an investment in a cryptocurrency, the prices may fluctuate for any reason and such 
fluctuations may not be predictable. Momentum pricing of cryptocurrencies has previously 
resulted, and may continue to result, in speculation regarding future appreciation or 
depreciation in the value of such assets, further contributing to volatility and potentially inflating 
prices at any given time. As a result, pricing of cryptocurrencies may change due to shifting 
investor confidence in future outlook of the asset class. These dynamics may impact the value 
of an investment in the Certificates. 
3.4.6 
Factors causing price volatility of cryptocurrencies  
The value of the Certificates is affected by the price of the underlying cryptocurrency, which 
may fluctuate widely and may be impacted in particular by the following factors: 
 
Global or regional political, economic and financial events may have a direct or indirect 
effect on the price of cryptocurrencies;  
 
Investment trading, hedging or other activities by a wide range of market participants 
which may impact the pricing, supply and demand for cryptocurrencies; 
 
Cryptocurrency infrastructure operators ("Miners") who use computers to solve 
mathematical problems to verify transactions are rewarded for these efforts by 
increased supply of such cryptocurrency. The computers that make up the 
infrastructure supporting underlying cryptocurrencies are decentralised and belong to 
a combination of individuals and large corporations. Should a significant subset of a 
cryptocurrency choose to discontinue operations, pricing, liquidity and the ability to 
transact in such cryptocurrency could be limited. As a cryptocurrency is designed to 
have a finite supply pool of units, this finite supply pool will eventually be fully mined 
(meaning the creation of new cryptocurrency units through a predetermined 
mathematical process within a computer network) at some point in the future. This 
makes mining unsustainable since block rewards would no longer be available to 
miners, thereby leading to a reduction in the number of miners. This may trigger the 
collapse of the network as no miners would want to validate blocks without any 
economic incentive. Also, as block rewards decrease at a rate that was built into the 
network at its inception (as a consequence of the finite supply pool), the economic 
incentives for miners of cryptocurrencies may not be sufficient to match their costs of 
validating blocks, potentially leading to miners transitioning to other networks, in turn 
slowing transaction validation and usage. This can adversely impact the price of a 
cryptocurrency and hence the performance of a Certificate. Other critical infrastructure, 
which may be adversely affected includes storage solutions, exchanges and 
custodians for cryptocurrencies. For example, the potential for instability of 
cryptocurrency exchanges and the closure or temporary shutdown of exchanges due 
to business failure or malware could impact the liquidity of, demand for, and supply of 
cryptocurrencies. In addition, volatility in the pricing a cryptocurrency leads to 
increased opportunities for speculation and arbitrage, which, in turn, contributes to 
price fluctuations; 
 
The operation of large blockchain applications requires a large amount of energy. 
Negative publicity could lead to an image loss and a reduced usage of 
cryptocurrencies. Furthermore, for investors who voluntarily or for regulatory reasons 
apply ESG (Environmental – Social – Governance) criteria, cryptoassets could lose 
appeal, which could have a negative impact on the price of cryptoassets." 
 
Political or economic events, either domestically or in foreign jurisdictions, may 
motivate large-scale purchases or sales of cryptocurrencies. Large-scale sales of

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
19
 
cryptocurrencies  may result in a decline in the price of these cryptocurrencies, which 
will adversely affect an investment in the respective Certificates;  
 
There are some substantial holdings of units of cryptocurrencies on publicly-known 
digital wallets which have not been involved in transactions on the network for a 
substantial period of time. Market consensus is that the owners of such digital wallets 
have lost access to them and/or to corresponding private keys. Thus, market 
consensus is that such units of the cryptocurrencies "locked" in such digital wallets are 
effectively excluded from circulation. In the event that holdings of a cryptocurrency 
considered locked up forever were to enter into circulation, the price of such 
cryptocurrency might be severely affected by the increasing supply. Additionally, even 
if such holdings are not actually sold and there is any indication that corresponding 
private keys are not lost (by any means, including but not limited to registering any 
transaction signed by needed keys, no matter how small and not even necessarily on 
the relevant blockchain), market expectations with regard to total supply of the relevant 
cryptocurrency can change dramatically and it can negatively affect the price of the 
cryptocurrencies, which will adversely affect an investment in the Certificates. 
3.4.7 
Potential for market abuse and misuse 
Cryptocurrencies are not backed by any central government and different regulatory standards 
apply across countries and regions. The characteristics of cryptocurrencies and their 
underlying infrastructure could be used by certain market participants to exploit market abuse 
opportunities such as front-running (a form of insider dealing, whereby inside information of a 
future transaction is exploited to buy or sell financial assets for own account), spoofing (a form 
of fraud, whereby the communication with the target is disguised to gain access to its personal 
information and/or network for further attacks), pump-and-dump (a form of fraud, whereby the 
price of a financial asset is artificially inflated through false and misleading information) and 
fraud across different systems, platforms or geographical locations. As a result of reduced 
oversight, these schemes may be more prevalent in the crypto asset market than in the general 
market for financial products. Potential for market abuse in the form of such schemes may 
impact market conditions of cryptocurrencies, thereby impacting the value of the 
cryptocurrencies. This could have an adverse impact on the investment in the Certificates. 
Further, transactions in cryptocurrencies may be misused for criminal activities, including 
money laundering transactions in cryptocurrencies are public, but the exact identity of the 
sending party and the recipient of these transactions are not normally known. Transactions are 
largely untraceable and provide cryptocurrency consumers with a high degree of anonymity. It 
is therefore possible that the cryptocurrency networks will be used for transactions associated 
with criminal activities, including money laundering. If, as a result of the aforementioned, 
authorities close down trading platforms, impose regulations or otherwise restrict or complicate 
the use of the cryptocurrencies, this may affect their value and therefore the value of the 
Certificates. 
3.4.8 
Development of the Protocols of cryptocurrencies 
The protocols of cryptocurrencies ("Protocols") are publicly available and under development. 
Further development and acceptance of each Protocol is dependent on a number of factors. 
The development of Protocols may be prevented or delayed, should disagreements between 
participants, developers and members of the relevant network arise. New and improved 
versions of the source code are accepted if the majority of members of the network implement 
relevant changes in their nodes, meaning upgrading their software to the latest version of the 
codes. Should a situation arise where it is not possible to reach a majority in the relevant 
network regarding the implementation of a new version of a Protocol, this may mean that, 
among other things, the improvement of relevant underlying cryptocurrency’s scalability may 
be restrained. Should the development of a Protocol be prevented or delayed, this may 
adversely affect the value of the cryptocurrencies and thus the performance of the Certificates.  
Further, as the structures of each of the Protocols are public, any kind of direct compensation 
for the developers of the Protocols is missing, which could lead to decreased incentives for

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
20
 
continuous development of the Protocols. Should a Protocol not develop further, the value of 
the cryptocurrencies will decrease, which in turn would affect the performance of the 
Certificates. 
3.4.9 
Technical risks related to the Cryptocurrencies including 51 percent attacks.  
Miners of the Cryptocurrencies earn units of the relevant Cryptocurrency by confirming 
transactions and reaching consensus, and a pre-defined number of units of such 
Cryptocurrency is distributed between the miners proportional to their utilised computing 
("hashing") power. The results of the reached consensus defined by the relevant Protocol is 
the public ledger known as the blockchain. If an attacker succeeds in providing more than 50% 
of the blockchain miners computing power in a so-called "51 percent attack", it can manipulate 
what is designed (by the relevant Protocol) to be a blockchain version reached by consensus 
(in particular, such an attacker may ‘roll back’ or exclude valid transactions from the 
blockchain). Such an attack may enable perpetrators to ‘double-spend’ units of the relevant 
Cryptocurrency by a way of exchanging some pre-existing units of the relevant Cryptocurrency 
for some other value (either other units of the relevant Cryptocurrency, other crypto-assets or 
fiat currencies), and then rolling-back the transaction where such perpetrators surrender their 
units of the relevant Cryptocurrency without rolling back the transactions (if any) where they 
receive any value in exchange for their units of the relevant Cryptocurrency. Such an attack is 
in principle also possible with less than 51 percent of the mining power. The attacker could also 
block others’ transactions by denying them a confirmation.  
3.4.10 
Split of a blockchain (Hard Fork) 
Cryptocurrencies are open source projects. As a result, any individual can propose refinements 
or improvements to a network’s source code through one or more software upgrades that could 
alter the Protocols governing the network and the properties of cryptocurrencies. When a 
modification is proposed and a majority of users and Miners consent to the modification, the 
change is implemented and the network remains uninterrupted. However, if there is no majority 
for the proposed modification, the consequence could become a split of the network (and the 
blockchain), with one part running the pre-modified software and the other the modified 
software ("Hard Fork"). A Hard Fork means a radical change to a network's protocol that makes 
previously invalid blocks and transactions valid, or vice-versa. A Hard Fork requires all nodes 
or users to upgrade to the latest version of the Protocol software. Additionally, a Hard Fork 
could be introduced by an unintentional, unanticipated software flaw in multiple versions of 
otherwise compatible software users run. 
The effect of such Hard Fork is the existence of two versions of the network (Protocols) running 
in parallel, and the creation of a new digital asset which lack interchangeability with its 
predecessor. The circumstances of each Hard Fork are unique, and their relative significance 
varies. If a Hard Fork happens, the Calculation Agent may have to decide which of the networks 
it will use as Underlying. It is not possible to predict with accuracy the impact that any Hard 
Fork on an underlying Cryptocurrency could have in terms of pricing, valuation and market 
disruption with respect to a Certificate but the effects could affect the return for the investors.  
3.4.11 
Crypto Assets Transfer Ordinance (Kryptowertetransferverordnung) 
On 1 October 2021 the Regulation on Enhanced Due Diligence for the Transfer of Crypto 
Assets (the "Crypto Asset Transfer Ordinance") entered into force as a national transitional 
regulation. It will remain legally binding until a new version of Regulation (EU) 2015/847 (Money 
Transfer Regulation - GTVO) enters into force. The Crypto Assets Transfer Ordinance is 
intended to regulate how parties subject to money laundering laws will have to provide 
information when transferring crypto assets in the future. The parties involved would have to 
transmit information on the originator and beneficiary when transferring crypto assets so that 
the transactions can also be traced in relation to the beneficiaries in order to prevent misuse 
for money laundering or terrorist financing purposes. This data transmission, in addition to 
enabling the traceability of transaction participants, will also allow for checks on persons 
subject to sanctions and a more risk-based approach by the service providers involved. 
Further, information on the beneficiary or originator of a crypto asset transfer must be collected

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
21
 
and stored if the transfer is from or to an electronic wallet that is not managed by a crypto 
custodian (self-managed electronic wallet, or "unhosted wallet").  
The background of the Crypto Assets Transfer Ordinance is Recommendation R.15/INR.15 of 
the OECD-affiliated Financial Action Task Force (FATF), also known as the "travel rule". In 
order to prevent money laundering and terrorist financing, financial institutions must ensure 
that transaction and identity-related information is systematically recorded and retained by the 
sender and recipient when transferring funds. This should enable the competent supervisory 
authority to retrieve transaction data as well as identity data of all parties involved in the 
transaction in an automated manner. This will enable the supervisory authority to stop or 
prevent suspicious transactions if necessary. 
The Crypto Assets Transfer Ordinance would effectively undermine the principle of 
pseudonymity of blockchain transactions. Instead of a cryptographic address whose owner 
would first have to (and could) be determined, authorities would have direct access to the 
names and addresses of the persons involved in a given crypto transaction. In order to be able 
to comply with the envisaged tightened due diligence obligations, this requires organizational, 
procedural and technical adjustments also with regard to participating service providers. This 
leads to an enormous expansion of service management. It would become essential to use a 
blockchain analytics tool that enables transparency and control of all activities along the crypto 
transfer process.  
These circumstances could have a negative impact on the attractiveness of cryptocurrencies 
and consequently negatively affect the trading of cryptocurrencies. This could have a negative 
impact on the volatility of cryptocurrencies and hence materially affect the return on the 
investment. 
4. 
Risk Factors relating to the market of the Certificates 
Investors should note that the market for the Certificates will be affected by, among other things, 
supply and demand for the Certificates. Prospective investors should be aware that the market 
value of the Certificates may also be affected by events in the capital and credit markets which 
may have an effect on the market value of the Certificates, the Issuer and/or similar structured 
securities generally. 
4.1 
There may not be a secondary market in the Certificates (limited liquidity of the 
Certificates) 
Although application may be made to admit the Certificates to the non-regulated market of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Open Market), there is currently no secondary market for the 
Certificates. There can be no assurance that a secondary market for any of the Certificates will 
develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the with liquidity 
or that it will continue for the life of the Certificates. As a consequence, any person intending to 
hold the Certificates should consider liquidity in the Certificates as a risk. 
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Certificates may be 
adversely affected by 
 
changes in the overall market for investment and non-investment grade securities. If such a 
trading market were to develop, the Certificates could trade at prices that may be higher or 
lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors including prevailing interest 
rates and the market for similar securities; and  
 
legal restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer may affect the liquidity 
of the Certificates by purchasing and holding the Certificates for its own account during 
trading in the secondary market. Any such Certificates may be resold at any time into the 
market. 
If the Certificates are listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation system this does not imply 
greater or lesser liquidity than if equivalent Certificates were not so listed or quoted. If the Issuer

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
22
 
is the sole market maker for a Series of Certificates on an exchange, then the liquidity and pricing 
of such Certificates may be different than what the liquidity and pricing would be if there were 
multiple parties providing such market making services. 
Liquidity may also be affected by legal restrictions on offers for sale in certain jurisdictions. The 
Issuer may affect the liquidity of the Certificates by purchasing and holding the Certificates for 
its own account during trading in the secondary market. Any such Certificates may be resold at 
any time into the market. 
Consequently, any investor of the Certificates must be prepared to hold such Certificates for an 
indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Certificates. Under normal market conditions, 
subject to applicable law and the Dealer’s policies, the Dealer will use reasonable efforts to make 
a market for the Certificates and quote bid and offer prices. However, the Dealer is under no 
obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a market at any time. The Issuer may 
determine a secondary market price in a different manner than other market participants, and 
prices can vary. Sometimes this variance may be substantial. The secondary market price of 
Certificates will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and the value of the Underlying. This may affect the ability of the Certificateholders 
to sell the Certificates at any time.  
4.2 
Risk of loss of value of the Certificates during trading on the secondary market 
The Certificates may be offered on the non-regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Open Market), where investors will purchase the Certificates on such non-regulated market at 
a price, which will be the trading price as quoted on such non-regulated market from time to 
time. The price at which investors can purchase the Certificates on such non-regulated market 
and the price at which they will be able to sell the Certificates on such non-regulated market at 
any time will be subject to fluctuations and can be higher or lower than the issue price of the 
Certificates.  
4.3 
Risk relating to the market price of the Certificates 
Subject to any brokerage fee or commission that can be charged to the investors by their own 
intermediary and without taking into account the impact of taxation on the investors, 
Certificateholders will realize a profit if the price of the Certificates, as quoted on such non-
regulated market increases during the period of time in which the investor holds its investment 
and if the investor is able to sell the Certificates at such price. 
However, Certificateholders will realise a loss if the price of the Certificates, as quoted on such 
non-regulated market decreases during the period of time in which the investor holds its 
investment and if the investor sells the Certificates at such price. 
Investors might not be able to sell the Certificates at a price that is higher than the price at which 
they originally purchased the Certificates. This is because, even if the Certificates are traded on 
an exchange, there might be little or no secondary market and therefore it might be impossible 
or very difficult to sell the Certificates at the desired price. 
5. 
Taxation risks 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments on (or the 
proceeds of redemption or sale of) the Certificates, the Certificateholders will not be entitled to 
receive additional amounts to compensate for such withholding tax nor be reimbursed for the 
amount of any shortfall. Accordingly, in that event the Certificateholder will receive a lower price 
for the Certificates in the secondary market or lower redemption proceeds when the Certificates 
are redeemed. 
6. 
Risks relating to changes in law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (except for the form, registration and transfer) are 
based on German law in effect as at the date of issue of the Certificates. No assurance can be

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
106039572 v1 
23
 
given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to German law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the Certificates. Consequently, this could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations to the Certificateholders.

--- Page 24 ---
Important Notices 
106039572 v1 
24
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The validity of the Base Prospectus expires in 12 months from the date of approval. The obligation of 
the Issuer to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement thereto and, in relation to any 
issue of Certificates, with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to issue any statement which is not consistent with or not 
contained in this document, any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or any information as in the public domain and, if issued, such 
statement may not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer.  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer to purchase any Certificates and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of the Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms should purchase any Certificates. Each such recipient shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Certificates include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Certificates are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmarks register – Amounts payable under the Certificates may be calculated by reference to one 
or more specific indices or a combination of indices. Any such index may constitute a benchmark for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such index constitutes 
a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate the name of such index, the legal name of the administrator 
of such index and whether or not the administrator appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "Benchmarks Register"). Not every base rate 
or index will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is 
not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable 
Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to update the Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms or reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. As at the

--- Page 25 ---
Important Notices 
106039572 v1 
25
 
date of this Base Prospectus, Cirdan Capital Limited is not included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks maintained by the ESMA. 
Background 
On 31 January 2020, as the EU-UK Withdrawal Agreement entered into force, the UK withdrew 
from the EU and officially became a third country. The Withdrawal Agreement provided for a 
transition period, which ensured that EU law continued to apply to the UK from 1 February 2020 
to 31 December 2020. At the end of the transition period, the UK left the Single Market. Now that 
the Brexit transition period has ended, UK based administrators that were initially included in the 
“ESMA register of administrators and third-country benchmarks” (ESMA register) have been 
deleted as the Benchmark Regulation is no longer applicable to UK based benchmark 
administrators. UK based administrators that were originally included in the ESMA register as EU 
administrators, are now qualified as third country administrators (for which the BMR foresees 
different regimes to be included in the ESMA register, being equivalence, recognition or 
endorsement). 
However, due to the fact that recently the Benchmark Regulation transitional period, as defined 
in BMR Article 51(5) has been extended to 31 December 2023 (please see the Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 amending 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign 
exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012), the change in the ESMA register does not yet have 
an effect on the ability of EU27 supervised entities to use the benchmarks provided by any third 
country administrators, including UK ones. During the Benchmark Regulation transitional period, 
third country benchmarks can still be used by supervised entities in the Union if the benchmark is 
already used in the Union as a reference for financial instruments, financial contracts, or for 
measuring the performance of an investment fund. Therefore, EU supervised entities can until 31 
December 2023 use third country UK based benchmarks even if they are not included in the 
ESMA register. In the absence of an equivalence decision by the European Commission, UK 
based administrators have until the end of the extended Benchmark Regulation transitional period 
(31 December 2023) to apply for recognition or endorsement in the EU, in order for the 
benchmarks provided by these UK based administrators to be included in the ESMA register 
again. 
Similarly, the UK recognised or endorsed third country benchmarks that were included in the 
ESMA register before the end of the Brexit transition period following a recognition or an 
endorsement status granted by the UK, have been deleted from the ESMA register at the time 
the Brexit transition period ended. The extended Benchmark Regulation transitional period 
(running until 31 December 2023) is however also applicable to these third country benchmarks 
endorsed or recognised in the UK. Therefore, during the Benchmark Regulation transitional 
period, deletion from the ESMA register does not have an effect on the ability of EU27 supervised 
entities to use those third country benchmarks that were endorsed or recognised in the UK before 
the end of the Brexit transition period. In the absence of an equivalence decision by the European 
Commission, these third country benchmarks previously endorsed or recognised in the UK, will 
have until the end of the Benchmark Regulation transitional period of 31 December 2023 to apply 
again for recognition or endorsement in the EU in order to be included in the ESMA register again.

--- Page 26 ---
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH 
106039572 v1 
26
 
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH 
Registered office, LEI and contact details of the Issuer 
SmartCrypto ETP GmbH (the "Issuer"). 
The Issuer (LEI: 54930058S4Q6CN4X7171) was incorporated in Frankfurt am Main (registered number 
HRB 123295 ) as a public  limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany on 8th June 2021 for a period of unlimited duration.  
The registered office of the Issuer is at Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn.  
The Issuer is not regulated.  
The Issuer has been established as an entity for the purpose of issuing certificates. The Issuer is raising 
money by issuing certificates for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts 
and hedging transactions. The Issuer may at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue 
secured and/or unsecured securities but such other programmes are not themselves being established 
by the Base Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from the Programme and will have a 
base prospectus separate from the Base Prospectus. Any other programmes that the Issuer enters into 
will have substantially the same provisions in respect of security, if applicable. 
The Issuer has outsourced or will outsource all activities resulting from the issue of the Certificates, such 
as the purchase and sale of cryptocurrencies, safekeeping of cryptocurrencies that it may acquire and 
the administration of its obligations in relation to the Certificates. 
Please note, that the information on the Issuer's website does not form a part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. A list of information 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found on page 77. 
The Issuer’s telephone number is +44 (0) 20 3097 0280. 
Share Capital 
The share capital of the Issuer is EUR 25.000 divided into 25.000 fully paid shares in registered form. 
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is Cirdan Capital Ltd. 
Management 
The Managing Director of the Issuer is Antonio De Negri. 
The business address of the Managing Director is at Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn. 
Description of Director's interests 
The director has no interests in the Certificates, nor any other interests that could conflict with his 
positions.  
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Mazars GmbH & Co. KG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, 
Domstraße 
15, 
20095 Hamburg, Germany who are chartered accountants and are members of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants and registered auditors qualified to practise in Germany.

--- Page 27 ---
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH 
106039572 v1 
27
 
Financials 
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 December of each 
year save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer and ended on 31 
December 2021. The Issuer published its first audited financial statements in respect of the period 
ending on 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and are 
available on the following website: https://cirdancapital.com/regulatory-documents. A list of information 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found on page 77. The financial information 
in respect of SmartCrypto ETP GmbH has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the 
German Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB) applicable to it. The Issuer shall prepare semi-annual or other 
interim financial statements subject to and in accordance with applicable law and regulation. 
Litigation 
There are no, and have not been since the incorporation on 8th June 2021, any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer.  
There are no (nor have there been any) governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending (or 
threatened of which the issuer is aware) against the Issuer. 
Significant or material change 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021.

--- Page 28 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD 
106039572 v1 
28
 
 
CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD. 
  
Information about Cirdan Capital Management Ltd. 
History and Development 
Cirdan Capital Management Ltd (Cirdan) was incorporated in England and Wales as a company limited 
by shares under the Companies Act 2006 with registered number 08853583 on 21 January 2014. 
Cirdan’s registered office is at 54 Baker Street, London W1U 7BU, United Kingdom. Its telephone 
number is +442030970280.  Cirdan’s legal and commercial name is Cirdan Capital Management Ltd. 
Cirdan is an independent FCA Regulated financial services firm based in London and specialising in the 
issue of structured investment products.  
Founded in 2014, Cirdan is amongst very few firms in Europe to be listed on the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (ESMA) as a Benchmark Administrator.  
Throughout the years, Cirdan has focused on talent and quality, attracting a team of international 
professionals from top financial services and investment banks to create an effective and innovative 
investment experiences for clients and partners and to stay at the forefront of industry developments. 
Overview of Activities  
Principal Activities 
The Cirdan Group’s principal activity is fund management and the provision of investment solutions and 
quantitative strategies to asset managers, wealth managers and other institutional clients and wealth 
managers.  
In 2019, the Cirdan Group established a securitisation vehicle in Luxembourg named Aldburg SA, which 
serves its clients by restructuring assets and issuing debt instruments reflecting the overall performance 
of such assets. Cirdan strives to give its clients a broader choice of investments. 
The Cirdan Group has created quantitative strategies in respect of the development and offering of 
indices or strategies, which aim to limit market risk. Cirdan have built strategies whose asset classes 
range from equity to fixed-income, derivatives, commodities and currencies. 
The Cirdan Group operates in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Italy and Germany. 
Principal Markets 
Cirdan conducts its business from the United Kingdom. 
Recent Events 
No recent event particular to Cirdan has occurred which is to a material extent relevant to the evaluation 
of its solvency.

--- Page 29 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD 
106039572 v1 
29
 
Organisational Structure 
Cirdan is the parent company of the Issuer.  Cirdan currently has another subsidiary company, 
SmartETN PLC, within the Cirdan Group. 
Management of Cirdan 
The current directors of Cirdan, their offices, if any, within Cirdan, and their principal outside activity, if 
any, are listed below. The business address of each director is 54 Baker Street, London W1U 7BU, 
United Kingdom. 
Name 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date Re-
elected 
Principal Outside Occupation 
and Employment History 
Antonio Maria 
De Negri 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer & 
Founder 
21 January 
2014 
11 March 
2016 
Group 
Chief 
Executive 
and 
founder of Cirdan on 21 January 
2014. Antonio started his career in 
Citigroup in Milan in the fixed 
income desk. He then moved to 
Barclays CIB in London as part of 
the portfolio team covering several 
roles 
from 
client 
capital 
management to regulatory capital 
and balance sheet optimisation. 
Peter Stevens 
Chairman & 
Non-
executive 
Director 
21 February 
2018 
Not 
applicable 
Peter has more than 30 years of 
experience in credit functions. He 
has held Senior Credit roles for 
Credit Agricole Indosuez and 
Barclays and is the former head of 
Corporate 
Credit, 
EMEA 
and 
Acting Chief Credit Officer at 
Credit Suisse. He is on the board 
of 
the 
Turnaround 
Managers 
Association and is a Fellow of the 
Chartered Institute of Bankers. 
Roberto Infante 
Director 
26 August 
2020 
Not 
applicable 
Roberto has architected, designed 
and implemented trading and risk 
management systems for several 
investment banks, brokers and 
hedge funds, among which are 
RBS, 
ICAP, 
Credit 
Agricole, 
Mizuho and Societe Generale. He 
has 
written 
the 
best-selling 
blockchain 
book, 
Building 
Erthereum Dapps. Roberto holds 
several finance qualifications such 
as the Professional Risk Manager 
(PRM) 
qualification 
and 
the 
Certificate in Quantitative Finance 
(CQF). He holds a Master of 
Science 
in 
Construction 
engineering 
jointly 
issued 
by

--- Page 30 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD 
106039572 v1 
30
 
Name 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date Re-
elected 
Principal Outside Occupation 
and Employment History 
several Universities (among which 
Coventry 
University, 
Loughborough University, Aalborg 
University and Porto University, 
across which Roberto attended the 
course). 
Marco Oprandi 
Director 
26 August 
2020 
Not 
applicable 
As the Head of Cross Asset 
Solutions, Marco is in charge of 
the business division covering the 
European region and spectrum of 
product offerings in Europe. Prior 
to join Cirdan Capital, Marco 
worked in Societe Generale CIB 
and Credit Agricole CIB in both 
equity and interest rate derivatives 
divisions 
covering 
mainly 
institutional clients. Marco holds a 
Master of Science in Finance from 
Bocconi University in Milan. 
Lorenzo 
Calcagni 
Non-
executive 
Director 
6 November 
2019 
Not 
applicable 
Lorenzo has over seven years’ 
experience in managing scale-up 
companies 
structuring 
governance, 
HR, 
operations, 
finance and marketing. Lorenzo 
current full-time occupation is to 
manage a network of family offices 
in Italy with a focus on Venture 
Capital Investments. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties of the members of the Directors 
of the Calculation Agent and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Board Practices  
The Board of Directors of Cirdan has adopted a set of guidelines to promote the effective governance 
of the Group. The Board periodically reviews and amends these guidelines as it deems necessary or 
appropriate. The Board acts as the ultimate decision-making body of the Group, except on those matters 
reserved to or shared with the shareholders of Cirdan. In particular, the set of guidelines aims to define 
in a comprehensive way: 
1. Director qualifications and pre-requisites to act in the capacity of Director of the Group 
2. Board size and committees 
3. Voting for Directors 
4. Director responsibilities

--- Page 31 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD 
106039572 v1 
31
 
5. Director access to management and advisors 
6. Board meetings 
7. Director compensation 
8. Orientation and continuing education 
9. Management succession 
10. Annual performance evaluation 
11. Public disclosure of corporate governance policies 
Cirdan considers itself to be in compliance with all English laws relating to corporate governance that 
are applicable to it. 
Shareholder  
100 Ordinary shares are held by Antonio De Negri. There are no further shares. 
The Ordinary shares carry full rights to receive notice of, attend and vote at general meetings.  One 
share carries one vote and full rights to dividends and capital distributions.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no dividends of the company have been issued.  To the extent 
known to Cirdan, Cirdan is not controlled, directly or indirectly, by any other corporation, government or 
any other natural or legal person. 
Legal Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving Cirdan (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Cirdan is aware) during the 12-month period 
before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of Cirdan. 
Additional Information 
Auditors 
Cirdan’s report and accounts for the financial year ending 31 January 2021 have been audited by 
Mazars, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor of Harcourt Centre, Clock 3, Harcourt Road, 
Dublin 2, Ireland, who are a firm of registered auditors and a member firm of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in England and Wales 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Cirdan since 31 January 2021. 
Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Cirdan since 31 January 
2021. 
Articles of Association 
Pursuant to the Companies Act 2006, Cirdan’s objects are unrestricted. On 10 June 2016, Cirdan’s 
articles of association were amended by adopting new articles of association approved by a special 
resolution of the shareholders.

--- Page 32 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CIRDAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LTD 
106039572 v1 
32
 
Selected Financial Information of Cirdan Capital Management Ltd. 
The profit after tax for the year ended 31 January 2021 was GBP £3,041,932 and for the year ended 31 
January 2020 was £1,352,489. 
The profit before tax for the financial year ended 31 January 2021 was GBP £3,012,198 and for the 
financial year ended 31 January 2020 was £1,352,489. 
Total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 January 2021 was GBP £14,536,770 and for the 
year ended 31 January 2020 was £8,664,023 (Restated). 
The total assets of Cirdan increased from GBP £58,825,246 (Restated) on 31 January 2010 to GBP 
£88,815,768 on 31 January 2021 with total liabilities increasing from GBP £57,034,272 (Restated) on 
31 January 2020 to £84,064,339 on 31 January 2021. 
The financial information in respect of Cirdan has been prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS.

--- Page 33 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
33
 
CIRDAN METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES  
 
GENERAL METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES  
1. 
Introduction 
This part describes how the Cirdan indices are calculated in general (the “General 
Methodology”). It should be read in conjunction with the specific methodology (the “Specific 
Methodology”) for each of the Cirdan indices (each a “Cirdan Index”) named in the section 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES below. 
Unless otherwise stated in the Specific Methodology, Cirdan acts as both the Index Sponsor 
and the Index calculation agent for the Cirdan indices. 
2. 
Definitions 
 
Index calculation agent 
refers to the company or any other entity whose role is to calculate 
the values of the Cirdan indices and/or to make adjustments 
applicable to the Cirdan indices. 
Index Component 
refers to an Cryptocurrency . 
Index Advisor 
refers to the entity responsible for supplying the Index Sponsor or, 
if applicable, the Index calculation agent with the information 
required for calculating and maintaining the Cirdan Index, notably 
that relating to the choice of Index Components. 
Index Instrument 
refers to an index that forms part of a Cirdan Index. 
Calculation Date 
refers to a Trading Day when the Cirdan indices can be calculated 
and published according to the conditions set out in each Specific 
Methodology. 
Creation Date 
refers to the creation date of a Cirdan Index and is specified in each 
Specific Methodology. 
Rebalancing Date 
refers to the date when the composition of a Cirdan Index is 
modified following a Meeting of the Technical Committee. 
Base currency 
refers to the currency in which the Cirdan Index is denominated, 
as specified in each Specific Methodology. 
Management Fee 
refers to the fees attributable to management of the product, 
including but not limited to the set up costs of the certificate, the 
cost of maintaining listing of the certificate onto an Exchange, the 
cost of providing a continuous two way market during the life of the 
certificate, legal costs incurred for the setup of the certificate and 
in general day to day costs to run the certificate. 
Replication Fee 
refers specifically to the hedging activity required to replicate the 
Cirdan indices, including but not limited to, any cost related to

--- Page 34 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
34
 
replication fees due to third party providers, hedging agreements 
with counterparties for hedging purposes, legal costs incurred for 
the replication of the Cirdan indices. 
Rebalance Fee 
refers specifically to the costs of rebalancing the constituents of the 
Cirdan indices, including but not limited to, any brokerage cost 
incurred while rebalancing, any commission do to the relevant 
trading venues in order to acquire or sell a product, any other form 
of payment which primarily consists in crossing the market spread 
(bid-offer spread). 
Total Fees (TF) 
Refers to a combination of: 
 
Management Fee: Equal to a percentage or a nominal amount; 
 
Replication Fee: Equal to a percentage or a nominal amount; and 
 
Rebalance Fee: Equal to a percentage or a nominal amount, 
 
expressed as a percentage as defined in the Specific Methodology. 
Trading Day 
refers to: (i) any scheduled trading day on which the Reference 
Market of a Cryptocurrency Instrument is open for trading during a 
normal trading day, notwithstanding any closure before the 
scheduled closing time; (ii) any day when the price of the Index 
Instrument is published by its market and when the related market 
in question is open for trading during a normal session, 
notwithstanding any closure before the scheduled closing time. 
Index Sponsor 
Index Sponsor refers to the company or any other entity whose role 
is to: (a) set and revise the rules and procedures, the calculation 
methods and any related adjustments to the Cirdan Index; and (b) 
to publish (directly or through the intermediary of an agent) the 
level of the Cirdan Index on a regular basis during each scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Reference Market 
Refers to the principal cryptocurrency exchange quotation system 
on which an Index Component is principally traded or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system. Each relevant Reference 
Market is indicated in the Specific Methodology. 
Meeting 
refers to a Regular Meeting or an Extraordinary Meeting of the 
Technical Committee. 
Regular Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened: (i) 
following a change to the universe of Index Components; or (ii) 
according to the frequency specified in the Specific Methodologies. 
Extraordinary Meeting 
refers to a meeting of the Technical Committee convened following 
an unforeseen event that affects an Index Component. 
3. 
Objectives

--- Page 35 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
35
 
The objectives of the Cirdan indices will be described in the Specific Methodologies, since they 
are specific to each Cirdan Index. 
4. 
Construction and calculation rules of the Cirdan indices 
Selection, composition and eligibility rules are specific to each Cirdan Index, and are therefore 
detailed in the applicable Specific Methodology. 
5. 
The technical committee 
5.1 
Role of the technical committee 
The calculation of each Cirdan Index is established by a technical committee, as described in 
the relevant Specific Methodology. All members of the technical committee or their designated 
substitutes meet at least at each Regular Meeting to ensure that the calculation of the Cirdan 
indices is established correctly. 
The technical committee guarantees: 
 
compliance with construction rules; and 
 
the calculation and publication of the Cirdan indices. 
The technical committee may decide to make changes to the construction rules. 
Each decision by the technical committee (including changes to the composition of the Cirdan 
Index) will be recorded in minutes published on the internet site www.cirdancapital.com. 
The technical committee may decide to make changes to the construction and calculation rules 
of one or several Cirdan indices. These changes will give rise to the publication of a new 
General Methodology or a new Specific Methodology, as applicable. 
Any additional role performed by the technical committee will be specified in the applicable 
Specific Methodology. 
5.2 
Meetings of the technical committee 
Regular Meetings and Extraordinary Meetings are detailed in each Specific Methodology. 
6. 
Composition of the Cirdan Index 
The Cirdan Index may consist of any type of underlying cryptocurrency. 
7. 
Publication and communication of the Cirdan indices 
All available information on the Cirdan indices (the General Methodology, the Specific 
Methodologies, historical prices, the composition of the Cirdan indices and the prices of Index 
Components) can be found easily on the internet site www.cirdancapital.com. 
Any other form of publication or communication is specified in the Specific Methodology. 
8. 
Calculation of and adjustments to the Cirdan indices 
The calculation principles of the Cirdan indices are described in the Specific Methodology.

--- Page 36 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
36
 
 
SPECIFIC METHODOLOGY OF PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
1. 
Cirdan Bitcoin Crypto Index 
1.1 
General 
The Cirdan Bitcoin Crypto Index is a benchmark designed to provide exposure to the Bitcoin. 
The Index is price return.  
The Index Components include the physical Bitcoin. 
The Index has been created to be suitable for futures trading, as a benchmark index for 
Exchange Traded Products such as Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs). 
The base currency of the benchmark is EUR. Index values may also be published in other 
currencies. 
1.2 
IOSCO 
Cirdan Capital Management Ltd (“Cirdan”) considers that the Index meets the IOSCO 
Principles for Financial Benchmarks as published in 2013. 
Full details can be accessed at www.iosco.org 
Cirdan hereby notifies users of the Index that it is possible that circumstances, including 
external events beyond the control of Cirdan, may necessitate changes to, or the cessation of, 
the Index and therefore, any financial contracts or other financial instruments that reference 
the Index or investment funds which use the Index to measure their performance should be 
able to withstand, or otherwise address the possibility of changes to, or cessation of, the Index. 
Index users who choose to follow this index or to buy products that claim to follow this index 
should assess the merits of the index’s rules-based methodology and take independent 
investment advice before investing their own or client funds. No liability whether as a result of 
negligence or otherwise is accepted by Cirdan for any losses, damages, claims and expenses 
suffered by any person as result of: 
 
any reliance on this methodology, and/or 
 
any errors or inaccuracies in this methodology, and/or 
 
any non-application or misapplication of the policies or procedures described in this 
methodology, and/or 
 
any errors or inaccuracies in the compilation of the Index or any constituent data. 
1.3 
Administrator 
Cirdan is the benchmark administrator of the Index. 
Cirdan is responsible for the daily calculation, production and operation of the Index and will:

--- Page 37 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
37
 
 
maintain records of the Index weightings of all constituents; 
 
make changes to the constituents and their weightings in accordance with the 
methodology; 
 
carry out the periodic Index reviews and apply the changes resulting from the reviews 
as required by the methodology; 
 
publish changes to the constituent weightings resulting from their ongoing 
maintenance and the periodic reviews; 
 
disseminate the Index. 
Cirdan is responsible for the methodology and any other associated index methodology 
documents, and for approving all changes to the Proprietary Methodology and any other 
associated index methodology documents. 
Cirdan technical committee has been established to advise on the periodic reviews of the Index, 
to support the management of corporate actions affecting Index constituents, to review 
changes to the methodology and other methodology documents and to recommend other 
changes for subsequent review and approval by the Cirdan Product Governance Board. 
The methodology shall be subject to regular review by Cirdan to ensure that they continue to 
best reflect the aims of the Index. Any proposals for significant amendments to the methodology 
will be subject to consultation with Cirdan advisory committees and other stakeholders if 
appropriate. The feedback from these consultations will be considered by the Cirdan Product 
Governance Board before approval is granted. 
Where Cirdan determines that the methodology is silent or does not specifically and 
unambiguously apply to the subject matter of any decision, any decision shall be based as far 
as practical on the Statement of Principles. After making any such determination Cirdan shall 
advise the market of its decision at the earliest opportunity. Any such treatment will not be 
considered as an exception or change to the methodology, or to set a precedent for future 
action, but Cirdan will consider whether the methodology should be subsequently updated to 
provide greater clarify. 
1.4 
Technical committee 
The Members of the technical committee are:  
 
Adrian Khatchadourian (Structuring) 
 
Roberto Infante (Data and IT Infrastructure) 
 
Nabil Fadhiya(Quantitative Analytics) 
The Substitute Members are: 
 
Basile Rovel (Structuring) 
 
Farhad Malik (Data and IT Infrastructure) 
 
Alex Pearson (Quantitative Analytics) 
The members of the technical committee will meet at least once a month.

--- Page 38 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
38
 
If an exceptional event occurs, an Extraordinary Meeting of the technical committee may be 
convened. The technical committee shall base its decision only in the interest of the smooth 
running of the Index. 
1.5 
Brief description 
The Index is distributed under ISIN GB00BN6SGK02 
The Index has been established on 19 November 2021 ("Index Start Date") with an initial level 
of 1,000.00 index points ("Initial Index Value"). 
The Index Value is published by Cirdan under a subsection of https://cirdancapital.com/ as of 
each Index Valuation Date, no later than one Business Day following the respective Index 
Valuation Date 
The Index Value is published in Bloomberg under the ticker CB CQISPBTC Index.  
1.6 
Index constituents 
The Index constituent is physical Bitcoin.  
The universe of eligible components (“Index Universe”) includes all cryptocurrencies and 
derivatives on cryptocurrencies 
Security tokens are not included in the Index Universe.  
The number of constituents is one at any given time. 
1.7 
Index maintenance 
The Index will be maintained on a monthly basis on or around the beginning of the month (the 
“Review Date”). 
If the Review Date is a holiday, the Rebalancing Date will be the subsequent working day. 
Holiday is any public holiday in either Italy, UK, USA or Zurich. 
Any changes or adjustments to the index that may occur during a given month, will be reflected 
in the next month review. 
Any maintenance or intervention on the Index or its constituents will be implemented using the 
Closing Price of the constituents on the Review Date, according to the Index Calculation 
detailed in the Index Calculation section. 
On the Review Date the composition and the number of the constituents may change. 
In the event of a blockchain split (Hard Fork), the Technical Committee, in its discretion, will 
decide whether the “forked” coin, on the next Review Date, will be removed from the index.  
1.8 
Index calculation  
The Index Value is calculated on real-time basis in EUR. 
The Index Value is calculated using the prices published on the Reference Market.

--- Page 39 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
39
 
The Closing Index Value is calculated using the last price before index close (the “Closing 
Price”). 
The Index Value is calculated as a price return index.  
The Index Value is calculated according to the formulae: 
 
𝑳𝒕= 𝑪𝒕
𝑫𝒕
 
 
𝑰𝒕= 𝑰𝒕−𝟏∗𝑳𝒕
𝑳𝒕−𝟏
∗(𝟏−𝜶∗𝟏
𝜸) 
Where: 
𝑰𝒕 
is the Index Value on date, 𝑡. 
𝑳𝒕 
is the Index Level on date, 𝑡. 
𝑪𝒕 
is the Index Market Capitalization. It is calculated as: ∑
𝒑𝒊,𝒕∗𝒒𝒊,𝒕
𝑵
𝒊=𝟏
, where 𝒒𝒊,𝒕 is the 
number of outstanding coins; 𝒑𝒊,𝒕 is the price of cryptocurrency 𝑖, on date, 𝑡; and 𝑵 is 
the total number of components. 
 
𝑫𝒕 
is the divisor; it is a factor defined at the inception of the index adjusted by certain 
rebalancing events. 
𝜸 
means 252. 
𝜶 
is the Management Fee of the Index. 𝜶 =2.00% per annum. 
1.9 
Divisor Adjustments 
The Divisor is a mathematical device that helps the Index Calculator in carrying out the 
maintenance of the Index.  
Any changes in the composition of the Index or any adjustment events related to the 
components should not impact the Index Level. Therefore, the Divisor is adjusted in order to 
reflect these events, without disrupting the Index Level.  
Adjustments will be carried out in accordance with the following formula: 
   
𝑫𝒏𝒆𝒘= 𝑫𝒐𝒍𝒅∗𝑪𝒏𝒆𝒘−𝑪𝒐𝒍𝒅
𝑳𝒕
 
Events and the impacts on the Divisor are summarized in the table below. 
 
Event 
Divisor Adjustment 
Hard Fork 
No

--- Page 40 ---
Cirdan methodology of proprietary indices 
106039572 v1 
40
 
Addition/deletion of a component 
Yes 
1.10 
Index opening and closing hours 
 
Index 
Open 
Close 
Cirdan Bitcoin Crypto Index 
09:01 
17:36* 
* Subject to receipt of final closing prices. 
The Index will be calculated on all business days of the year, except those defined as market 
holidays according to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange market calendar. 
Timings are CET/CEST. 
1.11 
Target initial composition and index portfolio composition guidelines 
The table below sets forth the initial reference assets that will initially be included in the 
Portfolio, and the initial weighting to be applied on the index publication date. 
 
Name 
Ticker 
Market 
Weight 
Bitcoin 
XBTEUR Curncy   
100.00% 
 
1.12 
Relevant Market(s) 
 
Kraken

--- Page 41 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
41
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Certificates (the "Terms and Conditions"). The 
Conditions shall comprise the general terms and conditions set out in Part 1 which are applicable to all 
Certificates (the "General Conditions") and the terms and conditions applicable to the particular type 
of Certificate being issued, as set out in Part 2 (the "Product Conditions"). 
References to the Terms and Conditions shall mean the General Conditions and the Product Conditions 
applicable to the respective Certificates. 
The provisions of the Terms and Conditions apply to the Certificates as completed by the terms of the 
final terms to which they are attached (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 42 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
42
 
PART 1: GENERAL CONDITIONS 
Terms in capitals which are not defined in these General Conditions shall have the meanings ascribed 
to them in the Product Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, TITLE AND OWNERSHIP OF CERTIFICATES 
1.1 
The Certificates 
This series (the "Series") of certificates (each a "Certificate" and, together, the "Certificates")  
issued by Smart Crypto GmbH (the "Issuer") is issued in an Aggregate Principal Amount in the 
currency  as specified in Part B of the Final Terms divided in Denominations which are also 
specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
1.2 
Form and Title 
The Certificates will be issued and held in dematerialised form. The person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of the Clearing System (as defined below) as the holder of a 
particular amount of Certificates (in which regard any certificate, record or other document 
issued by the Clearing System as to the amount of Certificates standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
(except as otherwise required by applicable law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and all other persons dealing with such person as the 
holder thereof and as the holder of such number of Certificates for all purposes (each a 
"Certificateholder" and together the "Certificateholders").  
1.3 
Clearing System 
The Certificates will be centralised with the Clearing System. All Certificates shall be held by 
their owners with an intermediary participant in the Clearing System. The intermediary will in 
turn hold the Certificates with the Clearing System. In no circumstance would physical 
documents of title be issued. Title to the Certificates will pass upon registration of the transfer 
in the records of the Clearing System. 
"Clearing System" means: Monte Titoli S.p.A. Via Andrea Mantegna 6, 20154 Milan, Italy or 
any successor in this capacity. 
The Issuer shall cause the Certificates to be dematerialised and centralised with the Clearing 
System, pursuant to Italian legislative decree no. 58/1998 as amended and integrated by 
subsequent implementing provisions.  
2. 
TRANSFER OF CERTIFICATES 
The interests in the Certificates are transferable according to the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Clearing System and may be transferred within the collective securities 
settlement procedure only. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The Certificates constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
which rank pari passu among themselves.

--- Page 43 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
43
 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
All payments on the Certificates shall be made by the Paying Agent on the Issuer's behalf for 
further payment to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. All payments so made shall discharge the liability of the Issuer under 
the relevant Certificates to the extent of sums so paid. 
4.2 
All taxes, charges and/or expenses incurred in connection with the payment of any amount 
payable under the Terms and Conditions shall be borne and paid by the relevant 
Certificateholder. The Issuer and the Paying Agent, as the case may be, are entitled, but not 
obliged, to withhold or deduct from any amount payable to the Certificateholder such amount 
required for the purpose of settlement of taxes, charges, expenses, deductions or other 
payments. Each Certificateholder shall reimburse the Issuer or the Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, any losses, costs or other debts incurred in connection with these taxes, charges, 
expenses, deductions or other payments related to the Certificates of the relevant 
Certificateholder. 
4.3 
Payments by the Issuer and the Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal 
and other laws, regulations and practices in force at the relevant time (including, without 
limitation, any relevant exchange control laws or regulations) and none of the Issuer or any 
Paying Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations and 
practices. 
5. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
5.1 
Events of Default 
Each Certificateholder shall be entitled to terminate its Certificates for good cause (aus 
wichtigem Grund) and to demand the immediate redemption thereof at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below). A good cause (wichtiger Grund) exists, in particular, if any of the 
following events occurs (each an "Event of Default"): 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of any Certificates within 30 
Business Days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of Obligations 
the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from these Terms and 
Conditions and such failure continues for more than 45 days after the Paying Agent 
has received a notice in text form (Textform) thereof from a Certificateholder 
demanding the performance or observance of such obligation; or; 
(c) 
Insolvency 
(i) 
the Issuer suspends payments or announces its inability to pay its debts; or 
(ii) 
any insolvency proceedings against the Issuer are ordered by a court or such 
proceedings are instituted and not being ceased or stayed within 60 days, or 
the competent supervisory authority or the resolution authority for the Issuer, 
respectively, applies for any such proceedings; or  
(iii) 
he Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company or 
in connection with a conversion and the other or new company assumes all

--- Page 44 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
44
 
obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with these Terms and 
Conditions. 
The right to declare Certificates due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to such 
right has been cured before the right is exercised. 
5.2 
Early Redemption Amount 
The "Early Redemption Amount" in respect of each Certificate is an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, as at 
such day as is selected by the Calculation Agent (provided that such day is not more than 15 
days before the date fixed for redemption of the Certificates), to be the amount per 
Denomination of each Certificate that a Qualified Financial Institution (as defined below) would 
charge to assume all of the Issuer's payment and other obligations with respect to such 
Certificate as if no event leading to an early redemption with regard to such Certificate had 
occurred. 
For the purposes of the above, "Qualified Financial Institution" means a financial institution 
organised under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States of America, the European 
Union or Japan, which, as at the date the Calculation Agent selects to determine the Early 
Redemption Amount, has outstanding securities with a stated maturity of one year or less from 
the date of issue of such outstanding securities and such financial institution is rated either (i) 
A2 or higher by S&P Global Ratings or any successor, or any other comparable rating then 
used by that successor rating agency, or (ii) P2 or higher by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or 
any successor, or any other comparable rating then used by that successor rating agency, 
provided that, if no Qualified Financial Institution meets the above criteria, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, in good faith, select another qualified financial institution whose issued security 
maturity and credit rating profile comes closest to the above requirements. 
The Early Redemption Amount will be payable not later than the tenth Business Day 
immediately following its determination. 
6. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS  
6.1 
Extraordinary Termination Events 
If any of the following events (each an "Extraordinary Termination Event") occurs the Issuer 
may terminate the Certificates in whole (but not in part) and redeem them at the Early 
Redemption Amount: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent, the Dealer, the Paying Agent or the Custodian default, provided 
that the Issuer is not responsible for the occurrence of such event; or 
(b) 
the Custodian terminates the Custody agreement and/or the Paying Agent terminates 
the Agency Agreement and the Issuer is not in a position to appoint an alternative 
provider prior to the effective date of the relevant termination, provided that the Issuer 
is not responsible for the occurrence of such event; or 
(c) 
an event described in Product Condition 4 occurs which in the reasonable discretion 
of the Calculation Agent cannot be addressed through an adjustment; or 
(d) 
the Issuer determines, in its reasonable discretion, that:

--- Page 45 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
45
 
(i) 
an Illegality Event has occurred. An "Illegality Event" means that, at any 
time on or after the Issue Date the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Terms and Conditions will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result 
of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power ("Applicable Law"); 
or 
(ii) 
a Regulatory Event has occurred. A "Regulatory Event" means that, at any 
time on or after the Issue Date, as a result of: 
(A) 
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, Applicable Law, 
regulation, interpretation, action or response of a regulatory 
authority; 
(B) 
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction (a 
"Relevant Authority") of, any relevant law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority); or 
(C) 
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any 
Relevant Authority or any official or representative of any Relevant 
Authority acting in an official capacity, 
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming: 
(1) 
unlawful, impossible or impracticable, for the Issuer to 
maintain the Certificates and/or to perform its obligations 
under the Certificates; and/or 
(2) 
necessary for the Issuer to obtain a licence, authorisation 
or other approval for the continuation or maintenance of 
the business relating to or supporting the Certificates or 
their hedging activities in relation to such Certificates; or 
(iii) 
a Hedging Event has occurred. A "Hedging Event" means that the Issuer: 
(A) 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (1) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Certificates, or (2) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s) ("Hedging Disruption"); or 
(B) 
would 
incur 
a 
materially 
increased 
(as 
compared 
with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (1) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk 
of issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Certificates, or (2) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) ("Increased Cost of Hedging"), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely 
due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 46 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
46
 
 
6.2 
Settlement Disruption Events 
In respect of a redemption of any of the Certificates, if the Issuer in its reasonable discretion 
determines that a Hedging Event of the type referred to in General Condition 6.1(c)(iii)(A)(2) or 
General Condition 6.1(c)(iii)(B)(2) has occurred and is continuing on the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date (each such event a "Settlement Disruption Event") then the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date will not be the date specified in Part B of the Final Terms but the first succeeding 
day on which the relevant Settlement Disruption Event has ceased to exist unless a Settlement 
Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the 10 Business Days immediately following 
the relevant original Final Redemption Valuation Date.  In that case the Final Redemption 
Valuation Date will be postponed until the relevant Settlement Disruption Event can be 
overcome in a commercially reasonable manner. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The period of presentation as established in § 801 section 1 sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (BGB) is reduced to ten years. The period of limitation for claims under the Certificates 
presented during the period for presentation will be two years calculated from the expiration of 
the relevant presentation period. 
8. 
AGENTS 
8.1 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer has appointed the following agents (the "Agents"): 
Cirdan Capital Management ltd (the "Calculation Agent") under a calculation agency 
agreement (the "Calculation Agency Agreement"); 
BFF Bank SPA (the "Custodian") under a custody agreement (the "Custody Agreement"); 
BFF Bank SPA (the "Paying Agent") under an issuing and paying agency agreement with BFF 
Bank SPA (the "Agency Agreement"); 
Baader Bank AG (the "Listing Agent") under a listing agency agreement with Baader Bank 
AG (the "Listing Agency Agreement"). 
8.2 
Appointment of new agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and to appoint substitute or additional agents, provided that so long as the Certificates are 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, there will be a paying agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such listing agent, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
8.3 
Role of Agents 
(a) 
Each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or 
duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Certificateholders. All 
calculation and determination functions required of any Agent under the Terms and 
Conditions may be delegated to any such person as the Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, may decide.

--- Page 47 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
47
 
(b) 
None of the Issuer or any Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors or 
omissions in the calculation and dissemination of any variables used in any calculation 
made pursuant to the Terms and Conditions or in the determination of any cash 
amounts arising from such errors or omissions. 
8.4 
No liability 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the Certificates by an Agent or the 
Issuer shall (in the absence of manifest error or wilful misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and 
the Certificateholders and no liability to the Certificateholders shall attach to the Agent or the 
Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by any of them of their powers, duties 
and discretions for such purposes. 
9. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders create and issue 
further securities so as to form a single series with the Certificates of this Series, but upon such 
terms as to issue price and otherwise as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Certificates in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Certificates purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
10. 
NOTICES 
All notices to the Certificateholders: 
(a) 
shall be published on the following website: https://cirdancapital.com/ (or any 
successor website) and shall become effective upon such publication; and/or  
(b) 
shall be published on the website of the exchange where the Certificates are listed if 
the rules of such exchange so require; and/or  
(c) 
may be delivered to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System 
to the Certificateholders, and 
shall become effective upon such publication/communication. 
Additional publication requirements under mandatory provisions of law or under the rules or 
regulations of any relevant stock exchange shall remain unaffected. 
11. 
SUBSTITUTION 
11.1 
The Issuer is entitled at any time, without the consent of the Certificateholders, to substitute 
another company as issuer (the "Substitute") with respect to all obligations under or in 
connection with the Certificates, if 
(a) 
the Substitute assumes all obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the 
Certificates, 
(b) 
the Substitute has obtained all necessary authorisations, if any, by the competent 
authorities, under which the Substitute may perform all obligations arising under or in 
connection with the Certificates and transfer payments to the Paying Agent without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes, charges or expenses, and

--- Page 48 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 1: General Conditions 
 
106039572 v1 
48
 
(c) 
the Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the obligations of the 
Substitute. 
11.2 
In case of such a substitution of the Issuer any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the 
Issuer shall forthwith be deemed to refer to the Substitute. 
11.3 
The substitution of the Issuer shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Certificateholders 
and will be notified to the Certificateholders without undue delay in accordance with General 
Condition 10. 
12. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE CERTIFICATEHOLDERS 
12.1 
The Certificateholders may, with the consent of the Issuer, agree by majority vote pursuant to 
the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
"SchVG") to amendments to the Terms and Conditions and appoint a joint representative for 
all Certificateholders for the preservation of their rights (§ 5 subparagraph (1) sentence 1 
SchVG). 
12.2 
Resolutions of the Certificateholders shall be passed by means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) in accordance with § 18 SchVG.  
13. 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND SEVERABILITY 
13.1 
The Certificates as well as all rights and obligations of the Issuer and the holders of the 
Certificates shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany, except that the form, registration and transfer of the Certificates shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with Italian law. 
13.2 
The exclusive place of jurisdiction under or in connection with the Certificates shall be Frankfurt 
am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, unless otherwise provided for by mandatory provisions 
of law.  
13.3 
If any of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions is or becomes invalid in whole or in part, 
the remaining provisions shall remain valid. 
13.4 
If such person ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall appoint another person in the Federal Republic of Germany to accept 
service of process on its behalf.

--- Page 49 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
49
 
PART 2: PRODUCT CONDITIONS 
INDEX CERTIFICATES 
Terms in capitals, which are not defined in these Product Conditions shall have the 
meanings ascribed to them in the General Conditions. 
1. 
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS RIGHT TO RECEIVE THE FINAL REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
Subject to an early termination, each Certificate entitles the Certificateholder to receive the 
Final Redemption Amount from the Issuer on the Maturity Date. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount equal to the Denomination of each 
Certificate multiplied by the Final Redemption Value as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Redemption Value" or “FR Value” means in respect of a Final Redemption Valuation 
Date specified in Part B of the Final Terms and in respect of the Reference Item the RI Value 
of the Reference Item. 
Where: 
"Final Redemption Valuation Date" is the date specified as such in Part B of the Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Item" or "RI" or "Underlying" means the Index specified in Part B of the Final 
Terms;  
“RI Value” means in respect of a Reference Item (i) the RI Closing Value for such 
Reference Item on the Final Redemption Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the relevant RI 
Initial Value (expressed as a percentage); 
"RI Initial Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item, the Initial Closing Price; 
“RI Closing Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a Final Redemption 
Valuation Date the Settlement Level; 
"Settlement Level" means the Relevant Level for the Final Redemption Valuation Date as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Relevant Level" means an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index.. 
“Initial Closing Price” means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on the Initial 
Calculation Date; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in Part B of the Final Terms, 
or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day; 
 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
“Adjustment Payment“ means, in respect of any Certificate, the payment (if any) determined 
by the Calculation Agent as is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement

--- Page 50 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
50
 
of the Index by the Pre-nominated Alternative Index. The Calculation Agent may determine that 
the Adjustment Payment is zero; 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of any Certificate, a determination 
made by the Calculation Agent that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark 
or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority 
or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that any of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Certificates; 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of any Certificate and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides 
that the Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Certificates following 
rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date; 
"Agents" are the agents specified in General Condition 9; 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Index” means, in respect of a Benchmark, the first of the indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified in Part B of the Final Terms as an “Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index” that is not subject to an Administrator/Benchmark Event or an Index 
Cancellation or an Index Modification; 
“Benchmark” means the Index; 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal 
holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to close in London and Frankfurt; 
"Calculation Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9; 
"Calculation Date" means each day (other than Saturday and Sunday); 
"Certificates" means the certificates as defined in General Condition 1.1 and "Certificate" 
means any of them; 
"Certificateholder" means the holder of any Certificate as defined in General Condition 1.3 
and "Certificateholders" means all of them; 
"Clearing System" means Monte Titoli; 
"Custodian" is the custodian specified in General Condition 9; 
"Dealer" means the Dealer specified in Part A of the Final Terms;

--- Page 51 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
51
 
"Denomination" means the principal amount of each Certificate as specified in Part B of the 
Final Terms; 
"EUR Aggregate Principal Amount" means the aggregate principal amount of a Series or a 
Tranche, as the case may be, in EUR as specified in Part B of the Final Terms; 
"Expenses" means all costs, charges, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including all applicable 
depository, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duties, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, arising in connection with any 
payment due in respect of the Certificate; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount determined in accordance with Product 
Condition 2; 
"Index" means the index specified in Part B of  the Final Terms, subject to adjustments in 
accordance with Product Condition 5; 
"Index Component" means any cryptocurrencies that comprise the Index.; 
"Index Sponsor" means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and adjustments (if any) relating 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index for each 
Trading Day; 
"Issue Date" means the date specified in Part B of the Final Terms; 
"Issuer" means SmartCrypto ETP GmbH; 
"Listing Agent" means the Agent specified in General Condition 9. 
"Maturity Date" means the day falling not later than the tenth Business Day immediately 
following a Final Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Related Exchange" has the meaning given in Product Condition 4.2; 
"Paying Agent" is the agent specified in General Condition 9;"Trading Day" means any day 
on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and (b) the Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session; 
"Valuation Time" means the time on which the official closing level of the Index is published 
by the Index Sponsor, or such other time as the Issuer may determine in its reasonable 
discretion. 
3. 
MARKET DISRUPTION 
3.1 
If a Final Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, the Final Redemption Final 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the eight Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case:

--- Page 52 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
52
 
(a) 
that eighth Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion the level of the Index 
on that eighth Trading Day. The Calculation Agent will determine this level in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day. The Calculation Agent will use the 
Exchange traded or quoted price(s) as of the valuation time on that eighth Trading 
Day of each Index Component. If an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of a relevant Index Component on that eighth Trading Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the value for the relevant security on that eighth Trading Day 
in its reasonable discretion. 
3.2 
For the purposes of Product Condition 3.1 above: 
"Disrupted Day" means any Trading Day on which (a) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the 
level of the Index; (b) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or (c) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Trading Day of the relevant Exchange or any 
Related Exchange prior to the regular scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange; and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution; 
"Exchange" means the principal cryptocurrency exchange quotation system on which an Index 
Component is principally traded or any substitute exchange or quotation system; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, any Index Component on any relevant Exchange relating to Index Components; or (b) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index and/or Index Components on any relevant Related Exchange;  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption; 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent determines is material; or 
(c) 
an Early Closure. 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of an Index Component, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be 
based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
Index Component and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately 
before the Market Disruption Event occurred; 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index and/or Index Components;

--- Page 53 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
53
 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means the original date that, but for a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Final Redemption Valuation Date; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the Exchange or Related Exchange and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related Exchange (a) relating to the 
Index and/or any Index Components; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index and/or any Index Component. 
4. 
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE UNDERLYING AND TERMINATION OF THE CERTIFICATES FOR 
CERTAIN EVENTS 
4.1 
Successor Index: 
If the Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent in it's reasonable discretion, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then in each case that index (the 
"Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
4.2 
Index Adjustment Events: 
(a) 
Index Cancellation 
If on or prior to any Final Redemption Valuation Date, either (1) the Index Sponsor 
permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index 
Cancellation") or (2) the Final Terms specify in Part B that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable and an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in respect of 
such Index, then: 
(i) 
If the Final Terms specify in Part B that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable and if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified 
in relation to such Index in Part B of the Final Terms, then: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to determine an Adjustment 
Payment; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent determines an Adjustment Payment, 
(aa) 
it shall notify the Issuer of the Adjustment Payment and if 
the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the 
Certificateholder would (but for Product Condition 
4.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in 
respect of each Certificate, request the Issuer to notify the 
Calculation Agent whether it intends to terminate the 
Certificates pursuant to Product Condition 4.3. If the Issuer 
does not intend to terminate the Certificates pursuant to 
Product Condition 4.3 then the following provisions of this 
Product Condition 4.2(a)(i) shall apply; 
(bb) 
the terms of the Certificates shall be amended so that 
references to the Index are replaced by references to the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index;

--- Page 54 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
54
 
(cc) 
the Terms and Conditions shall be adjusted to implement 
the Adjustment Payment as follows: 
(1) if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that 
the Issuer is required to pay in respect of each 
Certificate, the Calculation Agent shall adjust the 
Terms and Conditions to provide for the payment 
of the Adjustment Payment on the date when the 
Certificates are settled in full; or 
(2) if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that 
the Certificateholder would (but for this Product 
Condition 4.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be required to pay 
to the Issuer in respect of each Certificate, the 
Calculation Agent shall adjust the Terms and 
Conditions to provide for the reduction of the 
amounts due by the Issuer until the aggregate 
amount of such reductions is equal to the 
Adjustment 
Payment, 
(subject, 
in 
the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to any 
minimum settlement amount of the Certificates 
which the Calculation Agent determines is 
required pursuant to any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law) and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system by which the 
Certificates have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation); 
(dd) 
the Calculation Agent shall make such other adjustments 
to the Terms and Conditions as it determines necessary or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Index with the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index and/or to preserve as nearly as 
practicable the economic equivalence of the Certificates 
before and after the replacement of the Index with the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index; and 
(ee) 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the 
Certificateholders of any replacement of the Index by the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index, the Adjustment Payment 
and any other adjustments to the Terms and Conditions, 
giving summary details of the adjustment(s), provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity 
of the foregoing. 
(C) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine an Adjustment 
Payment, then Product Condition 4.3 shall apply. 
(ii) 
If the Final Terms do not specify in Part B that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable then Product Condition 4.3 shall apply. 
(b) 
Index Modification and Index Disruption

--- Page 55 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
55
 
If on or prior to any Final Redemption Valuation Date the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index for certain events) (an 
"Index Modification"); or on any Final Redemption Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor 
fails to calculate and announce a level for the Index (an "Index Disruption" and 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index 
Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Certificates and, if so, subject to Product 
Condition 4.3, shall calculate in its reasonable discretion the level of the Index using, 
in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant day 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that Index 
Modification or Index Disruption, but using only those securities that comprised the 
Index immediately prior to that Adjustment Event.   
4.3 
Termination for an Index Adjustment Event: 
(a) 
If: 
(i) 
an Index Cancellation occurs and the Final Terms does not specify in Part B 
that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable; 
(ii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, 
and the Final Terms specify in Part B that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable but do not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index; 
(iii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, 
and the Final Terms specify in Part B  that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable and specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index but the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Adjustment Payment; 
(iv) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, 
and the Final Terms specify in Part B that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable and specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index and the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Payment would be an 
amount that the Certificateholder would (but for Product Condition 
4.2(a)(i)(B)(cc)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect of each 
Certificate; or 
(v) 
an Index Modification or an Index Disruption occurs and it (i) would be 
unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the 
Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Product Condition 4.2 (b), 
then the Issuer may, at any time thereafter and in its reasonable discretion, determine 
that the Certificates shall be terminated as of any later date. 
(b) 
If the Issuer so determines that the Certificates shall be terminated, then the 
Certificates shall be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in 
General Condition 5.2). The Issuer's obligations under the relevant Certificates shall 
be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount.

--- Page 56 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
Part 2: Product Conditions 
Cryptocurrency Index 
 
106039572 v1 
56
 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Certificates shall continue, the Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustment as the Calculation Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the exercise, 
settlement or payment terms of the relevant Certificates and/or any other adjustment, 
which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. The Calculation Agent shall provide notice to the Certificateholders 
of any such change or adjustment, giving summary details of the relevant change or 
adjustment, as soon as reasonably practicable provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of any such change or adjustment. 
4.4 
Each and any of the Calculation Agent's determinations in accordance with this Product 
Condition 4 shall be notified without undue delay to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10.

--- Page 57 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
106039572 v1 
57
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO U.K RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("U.K."). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "U.K. PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has 
been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the U.K. may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / professional investors and eligible Counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
OR 
MIFID II product governance / retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market– Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Certificates is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate, (iii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iv) the following channels for

--- Page 58 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
106039572 v1 
58
 
distribution of the Certificates to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 59 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
106039572 v1 
59
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
 
SMARTCRYPTO ETP GMBH  
as issuer (the "Issuer") 
 
(a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany) 
 
Issue of [] [Certificates] 
 
under the  
PROGRAMME FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY LINKED CERTIFICATES 
 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the issue of certificates 
described herein (each a "Certificate" and, together, the "Certificates"). The Final Terms have been 
prepared for the purpose of Art. 8 para 4 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms 
and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") of the Certificates set forth in the base prospectus dated 
02 September 2022 and any supplement thereto, which together constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). The Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
[In case of public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus under 
which the Certificates specified in these Final Terms are issued expires on the date 12 months after the 
date of its approval (the "Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus"). Notwithstanding the above, an offer 
of the Certificates  specified in these Final Terms (the "Continuously Offered Certificates") to the 
public may continue after the Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus provided that a succeeding base 
prospectus (the "New Base Prospectus") is approved and published no later than the last day of validity 
of the Base Prospectus. The New Base Prospectus will be available from the offices of the Issuer at 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn, on the following website https://cirdancapital.com/ (or 
any successor website) and on the website of BaFin at https://www.bafin.de/. From the Expiry Date of 
the Base Prospectus, these Final Terms are incorporated by reference in the New Base Prospectus and 
must be read in conjunction with the New Base Prospectus.]  
A summary of the issue of the Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms, the Base Prospectus dated 02 September 2022 and any supplement thereto 
are available from the offices of the issuer at Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn, on the 
following website https://cirdancapital.com/  [] (or any successor website) and on the website of BaFin 
at https://www.bafin.de/. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 60 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
60 
 
PART A 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
[ISIN/WKN] 
[] 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Insert if not admitted to trading: Not 
Applicable. The Certificates will not be 
admitted to trading on any exchange.] / 
[Insert if Certificates are to be admitted 
to trading: It is intended to apply for 
trading of the Certificates on the non-
regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Open Market)] as of [the 
Issue Date] []. 
Public offer jurisdiction(s) and public offer date: 
The Certificates are being offered in 
Germany as of [the Issue Date]. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of Certificates 
may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 
1(4) 
of 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation in [] from, and including, 
[] [to, and including, []] (the "Offer 
Period").] [] 
Reasons for the offer and admission to trading: 
[] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
Estimated total expenses:  
[Include breakdown of expenses.] 
[If Annex 14 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended 
applies to the Certificates insert only a 
disclosure of net proceeds and total 
expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.] 
Indication of yield: 
[] [Not applicable] 
Consent to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Issuer consents to the use of the 
Base Prospectus by the following

--- Page 61 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
61 
 
intermediar[y][ies]: 
[] 
(each 
an 
"Authorised Offeror")]. 
Offeror/Person asking for admission to trading: 
[Name and address of the offeror [LEI]] 
[Name and address of the person 
asking for admission to trading [LEI]] 
Dealer: 
[] 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer: 
(insert description of any interest, 
including 
conflicting 
ones, 
that 
is 
material to the issue/offer, if different 
from that set out in the General 
Description of the Programme and 
Certificates 
section 
of 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
entitled 
"Conflicts 
of 
Interest" and the risk factors relating to 
conflicts of interests in the Section "Risk 
factors" of the Base Prospectus) [] 
Categories of potential investors: 
[Retail investors] [and] [Institutional 
investors] 
Indication where information about the past and future 
performance of the Underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained: 
 
[Information about the past and the 
further performance of the Underlying 
and its volatility can be obtained from: 
[•]/[the web pages of the Issuer [or 
Sponsor 
of 
the 
Underlying 
as 
applicable] [and Bloomberg and Reuters 
pages under their relevant ticker, as 
specified in Part A of the Final Terms.] 
[As indicated in the Final Terms under 
["Index"] in respect of the Certificates 
with the relevant ISIN.] 
Credit rating of the Certificates:  
Not Applicable  
Details of benchmark administrator:  
 [Not Applicable] 
[[Insert 
each 
benchmark] 
[] 
is 
administered by [insert each legal name 
of administrator], who as at the Issue 
Date, [appears][does not appear] on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU)

--- Page 62 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
62 
 
2016/1011 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert benchmark] is administered by 
[insert legal name of administrator], who 
as at the Issue Date, does not appear on 
the register of administrators and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) 
(the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [insert legal name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]

--- Page 63 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
63 
 
PART B 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
EUR Aggregate Principal Amount  
[] 
Denomination of each Certificate 
[]  
Currency of each Certificate 
[] 
Underlying / Reference Item 
[]  
Issue Price 
[] 
Issue Date: 
[] 
Final Redemption Valuation Date 
[] 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
[applicable] [not applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
[] 
Initial Calculation Date 
[]

--- Page 64 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
64 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised] 
 
 
 
[   ]

--- Page 65 ---
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE CERTIFICATES 
65 
 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE CERTIFICATES 
 
[  ]

--- Page 66 ---
Taxation 
66 
 
TAXATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION: POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST BE AWARE OF THE FACT THAT 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE INVESTOR'S MEMBER STATE AND OF THE ISSUER'S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY IMPACT THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE 
CERTIFICATES. 
With regard to certain types of Certificates, neither official statements of the tax authorities nor 
court decisions exist, and it is not clear how these Certificates will be treated. Furthermore, there 
is often no consistent view in legal literature about the tax treatment of instruments like the 
Certificates, and it is neither intended nor possible to mention all different views in the following 
information. Where reference is made to statements of the tax authorities, it should be noted that 
the tax authorities may change their view even with retroactive effect and that the tax courts are 
not bound by circulars of the tax authorities and, therefore, may take a different view. Even if 
court decisions exist with regard to certain types of Certificates, it is not certain that the same 
reasoning will apply to the Certificates due to certain peculiarities of such Certificates. 
Furthermore, the tax authorities may restrict the application of judgements of tax courts to the 
individual case with regard to which the judgement was rendered. As each issue of Certificates 
may be subject to a different tax treatment, due to the specific terms of such issue of Certificates, 
the following information only provides some very generic information on the possible tax 
treatment. The following information only describes the tax treatment of Certificates in general 
and certain particularities with respect to individual types of Certificates. 
Prospective purchasers of Certificates are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the 
tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of 
Certificates, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of each country 
of which they are residents or may otherwise be liable to tax. 
Only these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the 
taxation of the respective holders of the Certificates. 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Certificateholders is based on 
German taxation law and practice as they are understood to apply at the date of the Base Prospectus 
and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice. It does not constitute legal or tax advice 
and does not address all aspects of German tax law and practice (including such tax law and practice 
as they apply to any land or building situate in Germany). Prospective investors in the Certificates should 
consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or otherwise disposing 
of the Certificates under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be liable to taxation. 
1. German Tax Residents 
a) Private Investors 
Capital Gains 
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Certificates qualify – irrespective of any 
holding period – as investment income pursuant to Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are 
taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, 
church tax. If the Certificates are assigned, redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way 
of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such 
transaction is treated like a sale. If the Issuer exercises the right to substitute the debtor of the 
Certificates, the substitution might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the 
Certificates for new securities issued by the new debtor. Such a substitution could result in the 
recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the respective investors. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
and the acquisition price of the Certificates. Where the Certificates are issued in a currency other than 
Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro

--- Page 67 ---
Taxation 
67 
 
on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, assignment 
or redemption date respectively. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or 
redemption) related to capital gains under the Certificates are – except for a standard lump sum (Sparer- 
Pauschbetrag) of EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 for jointly assessed holders) applying for the total income from 
capital investments – not deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime, losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Certificates can 
only be set-off against other investment income including capital gains. Losses from a sale of stocks 
can only be set-off against gains from such. If the set-off is not possible in the assessment period in 
which the losses have been realized, such losses can be carried forward into future assessment periods 
only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains generated in these future 
assessment periods. 
It should be noted that the law introducing an obligation to notify cross-border tax structures dated 19 
December 2019 introduced loss offsetting limits, according to which, from the assessment period 2020, 
among other things, losses from the total or partial irrecoverability of capital claims may only be offset 
in limited amounts against other positive capital income and, from the assessment period 2021, losses 
from forward transactions may only be offset in limited amounts against profits from forward transactions 
and option writer premiums. 
In both cases, the offsetting of corresponding losses is limited to EUR 20,000 per year; any losses 
exceeding this amount must be carried forward to the following year. In each subsequent year, the 
offsetting of losses is then limited to EUR 20,000. 
According to the wording of Sec. 20 para. 6 sentence 6 of the German Income Tax Act, the limitation on 
loss offsetting includes capital losses resulting from the total or partial uncollectibility of a capital claim, 
from the derecognition of worthless assets within the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 1 German Income Tax 
Act, from the transfer of worthless assets within the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 1 German Income Tax 
Act to a third party or from any other loss of assets within the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 1 German Income 
Tax Act. 
Losses from derivatives pursuant to Sec. 20 para. 6 sentence 5 German Income Tax Act refer to the 
definition in Sec. 20 para. 2 sentence 1 no. 3 German Income Tax Act, i.e. on the one hand forward 
transactions through which the taxpayer obtains a difference compensation or a monetary amount or 
benefit determined by the value of a variable reference value (for example, forwards, futures or options), 
but also losses from a financial instrument structured as a forward transaction. This may include, for 
example, exchange-traded warrants that are securities but have the risk profile of an option. It may be 
difficult in individual cases to differentiate between forward transactions within the meaning of Sec. 20 
para. 2 sentence 1 no. 3 German Income Tax Act and other capital claims in this context. 
Withholding 
If the Certificates are held in custody with or administrated by a German credit institution, financial 
services institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities 
trading company or securities trading bank (the "Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
(plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the 
Disbursing Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or 
redemption (after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or 
redemption) over the acquisition costs for the Certificates (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the 
basis of the foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption 
date respectively). 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses (except for capital losses derived from the 
sale of equities) and paid accrued interest (Stückzinsen) with current investment income including 
capital gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient current investment income derived 
through the same Disbursing Agent, a set-off of losses is not possible, the holder of the Certificates may 
– instead of having a loss carried forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing 
Agent until 15 December of the current fiscal year for a certification of losses in order to set-off such

--- Page 68 ---
Taxation 
68 
 
losses with investment income derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax 
return. 
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not relevant, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. 
Solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount equal to 30 
per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Certificates. 
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private Investor has 
filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt 
für Steuern) or the Private Investor is not a member of a relevant church. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Certificate has filed a withholding exemption 
certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard 
lump sum of EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 for jointly assessed holders)) to the extent the income does not 
exceed the maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no 
flat tax will be deducted if the holder of the Certificate has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid 
certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent local tax 
office. 
For Private Investors the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply, e.g. if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor´s income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 18 January 2016 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004) (as amended), however, any exceeding 
amount of not more than EUR 500 per assessment period will not be claimed on grounds of equity, 
provided that no other reasons for an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax 
Act exist. Further, Private Investors may request their total investment income, together with their other 
income, to be subject to taxation at their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax 
rate, if this results in a lower tax liability. According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German income Tax Act 
the flat tax is also not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-
to-back" financing). In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the 
investor may request from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding of the flat tax (e.g. since there is no Disbursing Agent) 
must be included into the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent 
(plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) in the course of the 
assessment procedure, unless the investor requests the investment income to be subject to taxation at 
lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate 
according to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may 
be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
b) Business Investors 
Capital gains  from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Certificates payable on the Certificates to 
persons (including entities) holding the Certificates as business assets ("Business Investors") who are 
tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat or 
place of effective management and control is located in Germany) are subject to income tax at the 
applicable personal, progressive income tax rate or, in case of corporate entities, to corporate income 
tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (in each case plus solidarity surcharge at a rate of 5.5 per cent. on 
the tax payable; and in case where such income is subject to personal, progressive income tax plus 
church tax, if applicable). Such capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the Certificates form part 
of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of the 
Certificates are generally recognised for tax purposes; this may be different if certain (e.g. index linked) 
Certificates qualify as derivative transactions.

--- Page 69 ---
Taxation 
69 
 
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's corporate or personal, progressive income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to certain further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Certificates and in 
the case of derivative transactions if (i) the Certificates are held by a corporation, association or estate 
in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 German Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from the 
Certificates qualify as income of a domestic business and the investor notifies this to the Disbursing 
Agent by use of the required official form according to Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income 
Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Such taxes may also 
be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
2. Non-German residents 
Capital gains if any, are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Certificates form part of the 
business property of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base 
maintained in Germany by the holder of the Certificates or (ii) the investment income otherwise 
constitutes German-source income. In the cases (i) and (ii) a tax regime similar to that explained above 
under "Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, as a rule, exempt from German withholding tax on investment income 
and the solidarity surcharge thereon, even if the Certificates are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent. 
However, where the investment income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding 
paragraph and the Certificates are held in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, withholding flat 
tax is levied as explained above under "Tax Residents". 
The withholding tax may be refunded based upon an applicable tax treaty or German national tax law. 
3. Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Certificate will arise under the laws of Germany, if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Certificate is not attributable to a German trade 
or business for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has 
been appointed, in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
4. Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of the Certificates. Currently, net assets tax 
(Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. It is intended to introduce a financial transaction tax. 
However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually introduced. 
Repeal of the European Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income and Introduction of 
Exchange of Information on Financial Accounts 
The EU Savings Directive has been repealed as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). Implementing the amended Cooperation 
Directive 
(2011/16/EU) 
by 
the 
Financial 
Account 
Information 
Act 
(Finanzkonten-
Informationsaustauschgesetz), Germany provides information on financial accounts to EU Member 
States and certain other states for time periods beginning 1 January 2016. 
So long as the Certificates are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, interest on the Certificates can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent 
acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax.

--- Page 70 ---
Taxation 
70 
 
Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a directive for a common financial transactions tax (the "FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Certificates (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Certificates should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
Participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
 
If an investor is in any doubt as to its tax position the investor should consult its professional 
tax adviser.

--- Page 71 ---
Subscription and Sale 
71 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
United States of America 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Certificates may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to 
U.S. persons. 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and are not being, and may not be, offered, sold, pledged, assigned, 
delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed, at any time, directly or indirectly, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons. As a condition for acquiring the 
Certificates, each purchaser will be deemed to have represented that (1) it acknowledges that 
Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and are not being offered, sold, pledged, assigned or 
delivered, and may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons; (2) neither it nor any persons 
on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit the Certificates are being acquired is a U.S. Person 
and that it is not located in the United States and was not solicited to purchase Certificates while present 
in the United States; and (3) it will not offer, sell or deliver any of the Certificates, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person. 
The Issuer has not offered or sold the Certificates and will not offer or sell the Certificates at any time 
except in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the 
Issuer, its affiliates (if any) nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to Certificates, and it and they have complied and will comply with 
the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
An offer or sale of Certificates within the United States by any person (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Certificates) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
As used herein, (i) "United States" means the United States of America (including the states and the 
District of Columbia), its territories and possessions and (ii) "U.S. Persons" includes any person or entity 
that is either a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act or a 
United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area in which the Prospectus Regulation 
applies (each, a "Relevant Member State") and each Series of Certificates, with effect from and 
including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is applicable in that Relevant Member State (the 
"Relevant Implementation Date") an offer of Certificates which are the subject of the Base Prospectus 
may not be made to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and 
including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such Certificates to the public in that 
Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Certificates specify in Part A that an offer of those 
Certificates may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Certificates which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that the Final Terms for this Series of Certificates specify in Part A such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and 
the Issuer having consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;

--- Page 72 ---
Subscription and Sale 
72 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Certificates referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 73 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
73 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Certificates will be offered in Germany. 
In the context of any offer of Certificates that is not made within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-
Exempt Offer"), the Issuer may consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in connection with a 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Certificates by financial intermediaries subject to the 
following conditions, and accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect 
to subsequent resale or final placement of Certificates by any financial intermediary which was given 
consent to use the Base Prospectus, if any. 
The use of the Base Prospectus shall be for a certain period of time (corresponding to the applicable 
offer period), or as long the Base Prospectus is valid in accordance with to the Prospectus Regulation. 
The consent may be given to one or more specified financial intermediary/intermediaries, as specified 
in Part A of the applicable Final Terms (each an "Authorised Offeror"), for subsequent reselling in 
Germany. 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Authorised Offeror complying with the terms and 
conditions described in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable 
selling restrictions. The distribution of the Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Certificates in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  
Each Authorised Offeror, if any, and/or each person into whose possession the Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms come are required to inform 
themselves and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its consent to 
the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to certain financial intermediaries. A withdrawal, if any, may 
require a supplement to the Base Prospectus.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
following website https://cirdancapital.com/ and of BaFin (https://www.bafin.de/) or any successor 
thereto. 
When using the Base Prospectus, each Authorised Offeror must make certain that it complies with all 
applicable selling restrictions, laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions.  
If the Final Terms specify in Part A that the consent to use the Base Prospectus is given to one or more 
specified Authorised Offeror, any new information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the 
time of the approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the 
website of https://cirdancapital.com/ or any successor thereto or such internet page as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
An Investor intending to purchase or purchasing any Certificates in a Non-Exempt Offer will do 
so, and offers and sales of such Certificates to an Investor by such Authorised Offeror will be 
made, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the offer in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such Investor including arrangements in relation to price, allocations, expenses, and 
settlement. The relevant information will be provided by the Authorised Offeror at the time of 
such offer. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-
Exempt Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant offer period, to publish

--- Page 74 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
74 
 
on its website that it is using the Base Prospectus for such Non-Exempt Offer in accordance 
with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached thereto.   
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance 
with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the German Federal Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the "BaFin") as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The BaFin only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Certificates that are subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Certificates, which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Certificates. 
No other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, other than the Issuer, is responsible for the 
information given in this Base Prospectus, and any supplement thereto. 
3 
SUPPLEMENT 
The Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Series of Certificates must be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms.  
4 
NO INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS OUTSIDE OFFER 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in the Base Prospectus, and, if given or made, that information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Certificates will, in any circumstances, create any implication that 
the information contained in the Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which the Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date 
upon which the Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or the balance sheet date of 
the most recent financial statements which have been incorporated into the Base Prospectus by way of 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus, or that any other information supplied from time to time is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements 
of the Issuer when evaluating any Certificates or an investment therein (such financial statements shall 
not form a part of the Base Prospectus unless they have been expressly incorporated herein, including 
by way of a supplement to the Base Prospectus). 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in respect of the Certificates except if 
required by any applicable laws or regulations. 
5 
MiFID II 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Certificates will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product

--- Page 75 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
75 
 
Governance Rules”), if any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
6 
PRIIPS REGULATION PROHIBITION OF SALE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Certificates include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Certificates are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ( the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
7 
OFFERING AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS AND DISCLAIMERS 
Subject to the restrictions set out in the Base Prospectus, the categories of potential investors to which 
the Certificates are offered are retail and institutional investors. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Certificates in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe those restrictions. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer of or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Certificates and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any 
recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Certificates. 
Each recipient of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms will be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and of the particular 
terms of any offered Certificates. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. For a description of certain restrictions on offer, sales 
and deliveries of Certificates and on the distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and 
other offering material relating to the Certificates, see "Subscription and Sale" above. 
The Issuer will have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Certificates and may reject any offer in 
whole or in part. The Issuer may, in its discretion, early terminate, cancel or extend the offer. If the offer 
is cancelled by the Issuer, any subscription order received within the offer period will be deemed to be 
rejected. Offers of the Certificates are also conditional upon their issue. 
8 
WEBSITES 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of the Base Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
9 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the German Supervisory Authority, shall be deemed to 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 76 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
76 
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
Pages incorporated by reference 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the 
period ending on 31 December 2021 (to which reference is made 
on page 26 of this Base Prospectus) 
All pages 
 
The 
documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
https://cirdancapital.com/regulatory-documents.   
 
 
10 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on the following website 
https://cirdancapital.com/regulatory-documents and of BaFin (https://www.bafin.de/). 
  
For so long as the Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Certificates remain outstanding, the 
following documents will be available from the date hereof on the following website 
https://cirdancapital.com/regulatory-documents. 
 
Key Information Document 
 
Termsheet 
 
Final Terms 
Following the publication of the Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the German Federal Supervisory Authority in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in the 
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 77 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
77 
 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Adjustment Payment ................................... 49 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ............... 50 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ....... 50 
Agency Agreement .................................. 4, 46 
Agents ..................................................... 46, 50 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index ............... 50 
AML ............................................................... 13 
Applicable Law ............................................ 45 
Authorised Offeror ................................ 61, 73 
Baader............................................................. 3 
BaFin ......................................................... 1, 74 
Base currency .............................................. 33 
Base Prospectus ..................................... 1, 59 
Benchmark ................................................... 50 
Benchmarks Register .................................. 24 
Benchmarks Regulation .................16, 24, 62 
BFF .................................................................. 3 
Business Day ............................................... 50 
Calculation Agency Agreement ............. 4, 46 
Calculation Agent .................................. 46, 50 
Calculation Date .................................... 33, 50 
Certificate .........................................42, 50, 59 
Certificateholder .................................... 42, 50 
Certificateholders ............................. 8, 42, 50 
Certificates .................................. 1, 42, 50, 59 
Cirdan ....................................................... 3, 36 
Cirdan Index ................................................ 33 
Clearing System .................................... 42, 50 
Commission's Proposal ............................. 70 
Continuously Offered Certificates ............ 59 
Creation Date ............................................... 33 
Crypto Asset Transfer Ordinance ............. 20 
Custodian .............................................. 46, 50 
Custody Agreement ...................................... 4 
Custody Agreement .................................... 46 
Dealer ........................................................... 50 
Denomination .............................................. 51 
Disrupted Day .............................................. 52 
distributor ........................................ 24, 57, 74 
Early Closure ............................................... 52 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 44 
EEA ................................................... 24, 57, 75 
ESMA ............................................................ 24 
EUR Aggregate Principal Amount ............. 51 
EUWA ........................................................... 57 
Event of Default ........................................... 43

--- Page 78 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
78 
 
Exchange ...................................................... 52 
Exchange Disruption ................................... 52 
Expenses ...................................................... 51 
Expiry Date of the Base Prospectus .......... 59 
Extraordinary Meeting ................................. 34 
Extraordinary Termination Event ........... 9, 44 
Final Redemption Amount ..........8, 10, 49, 51 
Final Redemption Valuation Date .............. 49 
Final Redemption Value ........................ 10, 49 
Final Terms ............................................ 41, 59 
FR Value ....................................................... 49 
FSMA ............................................................. 57 
FTT ................................................................ 70 
General Conditions ................................. 6, 41 
General Methodology .................................. 33 
Hard Fork ...................................................... 20 
Hedging Disruption ..................................... 45 
Hedging Event ............................................. 45 
Hedging Transactions ................................... 8 
Illegality Event ............................................. 45 
Increased Cost of Hedging ......................... 45 
Index ............................................................. 51 
Index Adjustment Event .............................. 55 
Index Advisor ............................................... 33 
Index calculation agent ............................... 33 
Index Cancellation ....................................... 53 
Index Component .................................. 33, 51 
Index Disruption .......................................... 55 
Index Instrument ......................................... 33 
Index Modification ...................................... 55 
Index Sponsor ....................................... 34, 51 
Index Start Date ........................................... 38 
Initial Calculation Date ............................... 49 
Initial Closing Price ..................................... 49 
Initial Index Value ........................................ 38 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............... 57 
Issue Date .................................................... 51 
Issuer ..................................... 1, 26, 42, 51, 59 
KYC............................................................... 13 
Listing Agency Agreement ........................ 46 
Listing Agent ......................................... 46, 51 
Management Fee ......................................... 33 
Market Disruption Event ............................ 52 
Maturity Date ........................................... 9, 51 
Meeting ........................................................ 34 
MiFID II ............................................. 24, 57, 75 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ....... 24, 75 
Miners .......................................................... 18 
New Base Prospectus ................................ 59 
Non-exempt Offer ........................................ 71 
Non-Exempt Offer ....................................... 73 
Participating Member States ..................... 70 
Paying Agent ......................................... 46, 51 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................... 24, 57, 75 
Product Conditions ................................. 6, 41 
Programme .................................................... 1

--- Page 79 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
79 
 
Prospectus Regulation ...............1, 57, 59, 73 
Protocols ...................................................... 19 
Qualified Financial Institution .................... 44 
Rebalance Fee ............................................. 34 
Rebalancing Date ........................................ 33 
Reference Item ......................................... 8, 49 
Reference Market ......................................... 34 
Regular Meeting ........................................... 34 
Regulatory Event ......................................... 45 
Related Exchange .................................. 51, 52 
Relevant Agreements .................................... 4 
Relevant Authority ....................................... 45 
Relevant Implementation Date ................... 71 
Relevant Level ............................................. 49 
Relevant Member State ............................... 71 
Replication Fee ............................................ 33 
Retained Certificates ..................................... 6 
Review Date ................................................. 38 
RI ................................................................... 49 
RI Closing Value .......................................... 49 
RI Initial Value .............................................. 49 
RI Value ........................................................ 49 
Scheduled Valuation Date .......................... 53 
SchVG .................................................... 10, 48 
Series ....................................................... 6, 42 
Settlement Disruption Event .................. 9, 46 
Settlement Level ......................................... 49 
Specific Methodology ................................. 33 
Substitute .................................................... 47 
Successor Index ......................................... 53 
Terms and Conditions .......................... 41, 59 
Total Fees (TF) ............................................ 34 
Trading Day ........................................... 34, 51 
Trading Disruption ...................................... 53 
Tranche .......................................................... 6 
U.K. ............................................................... 57 
U.K. PRIIPs Regulation ............................... 57 
U.S. Persons ................................................ 71 
Underlying ......................................... 8, 14, 49 
United States ............................................... 71 
Valuation Time ............................................ 51

--- Page 80 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
80 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Cirdan Capital Management Ltd 
54 Baker Street, London, United Kingdom, W1U 7BU 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Baader Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Weihenstephaner Str. 4 - 85716 Unterschleissheim, Germany 
 
PAYING AGENT & CUSTODIAN 
BFF Bank SPA  
Via Domenichino 5 - 20149 Milano, Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER AND THE PROGRAMME 
Fieldfisher Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, 60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Mazars GmbH & Co. KG 
Domstraße 15, 20095 Hamburg, Germany