--- Page 1 ---
FINAL 
      
 
Snam S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Snam S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or “Snam”) may from time-to-time issue notes (the 
“Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all 
Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 
16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Prospectus Act 2019”) to approve this document as a base prospectus. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the 
economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the 
Prospectus Act 2019 and only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange during the period 
of 12 months after the date hereof. The CSSF is also requested to provide the competent authority in the Republic of Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e 
la Borsa (“CONSOB”), with a certificate of such approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Notification”). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) with 
a Notification. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive, as amended (Directive 2014/65/EU) (the “MiFID II”). The Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Republic of 
Italy and/or in other Member States within the EEA) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic 
and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus 
Act 2019 and only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II for 12 months after the approval by the CSSF 
and shall expire on 12 November 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to 
Notes to be listed, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on other or further stock 
exchanges or markets (including stock exchanges in the Republic of Italy, including on Borsa Italiana S.p.A.’s (“Borsa Italiana”) regulated Mercato Telematico delle 
Obbligazioni market (the “MOT”). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus, a new Base Prospectus or a drawdown prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in (i) the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”), and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) or (ii) the United Kingdom (the “UK”) and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation” and, together with 
the EU CRA Regulation, the relevant “CRA Regulation”), and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) 
on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register), each in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. Please also refer to “Risks related to the market” in the section of this Base Prospectus.  
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to either EURIBOR, CMS Rate, Constant Maturity BTP Rate or such other Inflation Index as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of CMS Rate, EURIBOR and Constant Maturity BTP Rate are included on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI-ITL or HICP (each as defined below). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI-ITL and HICP are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the relevant Index Sponsor (as defined below) of CPI-ITL and HICP are not required to be registered for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Dealers  
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
 BofA Securities 
 CaixaBank 
 Citigroup 
 Crédit Agricole CIB 
 Goldman Sachs 
 HSBC 
ICBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
Mizuho  
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
SMBC  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 November 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, 
when used in this Base Prospectus, references to “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended, and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. For the avoidance of doubt, this Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation and not as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified 
office set out below of each of the Paying Agents (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers or any other member of their group (including parent 
companies) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. No Dealer nor any other member of their group (including parent 
companies) accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer related data as well as calculations taken 
from industry reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial 
publications. It is hereby confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein 
derives from a third party, such information has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as 
the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer or any other member of their 
group (including parent companies) to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or any other member of their group (including parent companies).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Arranger represents that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including the Republic of Italy (Italy), Belgium and France), the UK, Singapore and Japan, see 
“Subscription and Sale”.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State 
of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes 
and any offer of Notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State or the UK of Notes which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be) or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation (or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case 
may be), in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Notwithstanding the above, any adverse change in 
an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Notes issued under the

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Programme. Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to 
the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus or to other Notes issued under the Programme. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus. In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU 
CRA Regulation and UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EU or the UK and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EU or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU (or non-UK) rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the ESMA or the FCA, as the case may be, on their respective websites in accordance 
with the relevant CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA or FCA list. If 
the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European and UK regulated investors 
may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European and UK regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may have an impact on the value of the Notes. Certain information with respect to the credit 
rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. See also “Risk Factors 
– Risks relating to the market – Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all 
the risks associated with an investment in those Notes”. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Floating Rate Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by 
reference to an index, in the case of Inflation Linked Notes (subject to the amount of principal 
payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the nominal value of the Notes), or with 
interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate, in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes or 
the Constant Maturity BTP Rate, in the case of Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes 
(each, a “Relevant Factor”) (subject to the amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal 
to at least 100% of the nominal value of the Notes). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected; 
(d) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates or other indices; 
(e) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on 
principal or interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(f) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
All references in this document to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning 
of the EU, as amended and all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars. 
This Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of the Base Prospectus unless specifically incorporated by reference and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may overallot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO GREEN BONDS AND SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically to finance or refinance 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (as 
defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Prospective investors should determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary. Furthermore, no assurance or 
representation is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which 
may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with 
any Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds”) to fulfil any 
environmental and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification 
is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes 
so specified to Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Final 
Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such amount equivalent to the proceeds of the Notes will be totally 
or partially disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance 
that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of 
Default under the Notes. Any such event or failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
of any Notes of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal 
of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is 
opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of ‘Green Bonds’ or Sustainability-Linked 
Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. In the 
case of ‘Green Bonds, the Dealers have not undertaken to monitor, nor are responsible for the 
monitoring of, the use of proceeds. See “Risk Factors – Risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Notes which may be issued under the Programme – In respect of any Notes issued as ‘Green 
Bonds’, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria 
of an investor”. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other 
member of the Group, the Dealers or any other member of their group (including parent 
companies) or the External Verifier (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any 
third party in connection with the offering of ‘Green Bonds’ or any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document 
related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. In connection with the issue of Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes under the 
Programme, the Issuer has requested a Second-party Opinion (as defined in the Risk Factor: 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
assets with sustainability characteristics”). The Second-party Opinion is available on the Issuer’s 
website. However any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the 
information in such opinions will not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or 
issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for, any securities, is not part of this 
Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision 
with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers or 
any other member of their group (including parent companies) or the External Verifier (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering 
of the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "climate action", “transition” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any 
transition, green, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. 
The Dealers are not responsible for the monitoring of any Sustainability-Linked Notes. None of 
the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the Sustainable Finance 
Framework and/or public reporting in relation to the same.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
In connection with the issue of “Green Bonds” or Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer has 
published a “Sustainable Finance Framework” which is available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-finance/2024/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_2024.pdf. 
A 
second party opinion provider appointed by the Issuer has reviewed Snam’s Sustainable Finance 
Framework and issued a second party opinion on 9 February 2024 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Framework Second-party Opinion”) which are available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/ISS_SPO_on_Snam_Sustainable_Finance_Framework.pdf.  A description of the 
Sustainable Finance Framework and the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion 
are set out in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus. 
In the event that any such ‘Green Bonds’ or Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated “transition”, “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular, in relation to ‘Green Bonds’ with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 3 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................. 13 
 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................... 20 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................... 52 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................... 54 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 56 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................... 84 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................. 141 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 143 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND LEGISLATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ........... 213 
 
REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE FRAMEWORK ................................................... 216 
 
REGULATORY - TARIFFS OF INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .................................. 250 
 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................. 255 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................ 265 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 270 
 
ANNEX 1 FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES
 ................................................................................................................................................... 273

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a 
new Base Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, 
in the case of listed Notes only, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the “Prospectus Commission Delegated 
Regulation”) supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Snam S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
8156002278562044AF79 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include, amongst others, risks relating to the 
effect of changes in tariff levels and risks of changes in regulation and 
legislation. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes 
and certain market risks. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
 
Goldman Sachs International

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG  
 
Société Générale 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size 
Up to euro 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Distribution 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or, as the case may be, the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, which may be EURIBOR, CMS Rate or Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or 
of interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated 
by reference to one or more inflation indices, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and relevant Dealer.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer may be 
subject to a Step Up Option or a Redemption Premium Option if the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option or the 
Redemption Premium Option is applicable.  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the 
Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial 
Margin, specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall 
be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the event that more than one Step Up Event occurs, the 
Step Up Margin for both such events shall apply from the next following 
Interest Period. Accordingly, if a Step Up Event occurs, the Initial Rate 
of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall 
be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin from the Interest Period 
immediately following the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes 
Notification Deadline. 
If the Redemption Premium Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable and a Redemption Premium Event has 
occurred, then upon redemption of any Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with the Conditions, each 
such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be 
redeemed at its applicable Redemption Amount plus the Redemption 
Premium Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
applicable to such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and references to the applicable Redemption Amount(s) in the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.   
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or their affiliates will verify or 
monitor if the Sustainability-Linked Notes satisfy the investors' 
requirements or standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics, nor the consistency of any Sustainability-Linked Note 
Condition (as defined in the Conditions) with the investment 
requirements and expectation of any potential investor in the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.5(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 4.5(d)). 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Rating 
Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated. Where a series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms and will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU or in the UK and registered under the relevant 
CRA Regulation. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued. 
 
Current ratings of the Issuer’s long-term debt are set out in the table 
below: 
 
 
Rating   
 Outlook 
S&P  
BBB+ 
Stable 
Moody’s 
Baa2 
Stable 
Fitch 
BBB+ 
Stable  
 
Each of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch is established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and as such is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to any Tranche 
of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or the UK and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as the case may be, 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Issuer has an Issuer 
Maturity Par Call. See Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)). 
Substantial Purchase Event 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the occurrence of a 
Substantial Purchase Event (as described below), Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer (so called “Clean-Up Call”) upon 
giving notice to the Noteholders at their principal amount, together with 
any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
A Substantial Purchase Event shall be deemed to have occurred if at any 
time 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes shall 
include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) 
remains outstanding. See Condition 6.5 (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event (Clean-Up Call)).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Denomination of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction as 
provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 7 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Approval of base prospectus, 
listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a 
base prospectus. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Application has been made to the CSSF to provide the competent 
authority in the Republic of Italy, CONSOB, with a certificate of such 
approval attesting that this document has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. Condition 14 and Schedule 5 of the 
Agency Agreement are subject to compliance with the laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy, Belgium

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
and France), the UK, Singapore, Japan and such other restrictions as 
may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms states that the Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the TEFRA D rules or the TEFRA C rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of specific factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Most of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. 
Risks related to the business activities and industries of the Issuer and Subsidiaries 
Regulatory and legislative risk 
Regulatory and legislative risk for Snam is closely linked to the regulation of activities in the 
gas sector. The decisions made by the Autorità di Regolazione per Energia Reti e Ambiente 
(ARERA) and National Regulatory Authorities in the countries in which the foreign affiliates 
operate, the directives and regulatory provisions issued on the matter by the EU and the Italian 
Government and, more generally, a change to the reference regulatory framework, may 
significantly impact the Issuer’s operations, economic results and financial balance. It is not 
possible to foresee the effect that future changes in legislative and fiscal policies could have on 
Snam’s business and on the industrial sector in which it operates. Considering the specific 
nature of its business and the context in which Snam operates, changes to the regulatory context 
with regard to criteria for determining reference tariffs may have a significant impact on the 
Issuer’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow and, consequently, affect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its payments under the Notes.  
Regarding Snam’s non-regulated activities related to “Energy Transition”, which, at present, 
are still limited compared to Ebitda of regulated activities, they are closely linked to evolving 
legislation and incentive schemes, which may impact the evolution of the businesses. 
Commodity risk linked to changes in the price of gas 
With reference to the risk connected with changes in the price of natural gas, pursuant to the 
regulatory framework currently in force, changes in the price of natural gas to cover fuel gas 
and network losses do not represent a significant risk factor for Snam, since all gas for its core 
activities is provided by Shippers. Similar hedging mechanisms are provided under the 
regulations of countries where the foreign affiliates operate or by the related transportation 
contracts. However, in relation to transportation activities, ARERA has defined, starting with 
the third regulatory period (2010-2013), procedures for the payment of the quantities of gas to 
cover unaccounted-for gas (UFG), due as a percentage of the quantities respectively injected 
into and withdrawn from the transportation network based on defined measuring formulas. In 
recent years, the regulatory focus has intensified due to increased market volatility and supply 
uncertainties, driven in part by geopolitical tensions and global shifts in energy supply chains.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
As part of the process of reviewing the criteria for the fifth regulatory period (2020-2023), the 
resolution No. 114/2019/R/gas also defined new criteria for the recognition of UFG. Based on 
these criteria, starting from 2020, acknowledgement of the quantities of gas required for self-
consumption, network losses and UFG will take place in monetary terms (in lieu of the 
recognition in kind by Shippers as defined in previous regulatory periods). However, the change 
in natural gas prices will continue not to be a significant risk factor for Snam, as a mechanism 
will be envisaged to hedge the risk associated with the differences between the price recognised 
for the volumes of gas required for self-consumption, network losses and UFG and the effective 
price of procurement. To further reinforce this stability, ARERA has introduced dynamic 
adjustment mechanisms that track price changes in real-time, providing added flexibility to 
manage sudden price spikes without affecting operational performance. 
With reference to the quantities recognised, resolution 114/2019/R/gas confirmed the previous 
criteria relative to gas for self-consumption (a complete coverage of the sustained costs through 
an equalization mechanism) and losses (an allowance of so called “efficient loss coefficients” 
that could give a margin to the transmission system operator if the effective losses are less than 
the allowance), whilst for UFG the level admitted will be updated once a year and will equal 
the average of the quantities effectively recorded in the last four years. 
In December 2020, resolution No. 569/2020/R/gas then introduced an incentive mechanism 
relating to the difference between the UFG recognised for a year and the UFG effectively 
recorded in the same year. The economic incentive is calculated by applying a unitary fee, equal 
to 3.3 €/MWh (3.5 c€/smc), to the difference between the actual and the recognised UFG, with 
a cap set at the value of the metering service remuneration. 
In April 2023, resolution No. 139/2023/R/gas modified the unitary fee for the incentive 
mechanism related to UFG, from 3.3 €/MWh to 6.86 €/MWh and introduced a similar incentive 
mechanism for network losses. The amendments will be effective from 2024. The cap settled 
for UFG incentive mechanism shifted from the metering service remuneration to the metering 
service operating costs. 
Notwithstanding the clarity provided by the aforementioned mechanism for the payment of 
UFG and network losses, some degree of volatility remains regarding the difference between 
the UFG and network losses recognised for a year and the UFG and network losses effectively 
recorded in that same year. 
In general, the change in the regulatory framework on the recognition of quantities of natural 
gas to cover self-consumption, network losses and UFG could have negative effects on Snam 
Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow.  
Market risk 
With regard to the risk associated with gas demand, based on the tariff system currently applied 
by ARERA to natural gas transportation activities, Snam’s revenues, through its directly 
controlled transport companies, are partially correlated to volumes redelivered. However, for 
the sixth regulatory period (2024-2027), with Resolution No. 139/2023/R/gas, ARERA 
confirmed the guarantee mechanism for the portion of the revenues related to redelivered 
volumes already introduced in the fourth regulatory period on transported volumes. This 
mechanism provides for the reconciliation of major or minor revenues, exceeding ± 4% of the 
reference revenues related to the volumes withdrawn. Under this mechanism, approximately 
99.5% of the total revenues from transportation activities are guaranteed.  
Based on the tariff system currently applied by ARERA to natural gas storage activities, Snam's 
revenues, via Stogit, are correlated to the use of the relevant infrastructures. However, ARERA 
has introduced a reference revenues guarantee mechanism, which allows companies to cover a 
significant portion of the revenues recorded.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
For LNG regasification services, Resolution No. 474/2019/R/gas on the rate regulation criteria 
for the fifth regulatory period (2020-2023), confirmed the mechanism for covering revenue at 
a guaranteed minimum level of 64%. With Resolution No. 196/2023/R/gas on the rate 
regulation criteria for the sixth regulatory period (2024-2027), ARERA maintained the 
guaranteed revenue coverage mechanism and established a fund for new regasification plants 
as provided by Legislative Decree No. 50/2022, with an allocation of 30 million euros per year 
from 2024 to 2043.  
In general, the change to the applicable regulatory framework could have a negative impact on 
Snam Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow.  
Abroad, protection against market risk is provided by the French, Greek and Austrian regulatory 
authorities, although for the latter the tariff framework does not guarantee full coverage of 
volume risk until 31 December 2024. From 2025, a new regulatory framework will be 
introduced that eliminates volume risk for operators. Another protection is provided from long-
term contracts active mainly for TAP, GCA (gradual expiration of contracts until 2031), Teréga 
(gradual expiry of long-term contracts at the interconnection point with Spain from 2023) and 
ADNOC Gas Pipeline (20 years tariff-based with ship or pay minimum deal).  
In the UK (Interconnector), coverage from volume risk is also not guaranteed, however current 
capacity bookings already exceed the Belgian regulatory cap for the 2023-2026 period.  
With reference to the company SeaCorridor s.r.l. - the joint venture with Eni that indirectly 
manages the international pipelines connecting Algeria to Italy - although it and its subsidiaries 
operate in a non-regulated environment and are exposed to volume risk, they can benefit from 
medium-long term contracts already in force and the prospect of using close to maximum 
capacity given that such pipelines represent one of the main sources of imports to replace 
Russian gas. In addition, the sale and purchase agreement with Eni provide for certain 
protections in favor of Snam against downward fluctuations in volumes compared to the original 
estimates. 
In the first half of 2024, gas prices were on average lower than in the same period of 2023 but 
continued to exhibit volatility due to geopolitical uncertainties. Despite the decline, prices 
remained above pre-conflict levels, and market volatility continues to be a dominant factor. 
With regard to the gas, Snam has continued to mitigate this risk through measures taken in 
recent years, including: 
- 
investments in new import capacity and supply routes, such as the EastMed pipeline;  
- 
wide availability of gas storage capacity, covering more than 25 percent of current gas 
demand, has improved the resilience of the system to supply disruptions; 
- 
efficient management of the network through coordination with other infrastructure 
operators and the possible use of innovative tools to deal with exceptional emergencies, 
such as peak shaving by regasification terminals and interruptible service of transport 
network withdrawals. These tools, provided by the National Emergency Plan (MASE 
management), have proved their effectiveness in ensuring continuity of supply even in 
situations of peak demand. 
For some sectors, particularly private utilities, there is a risk that the perception of high prices 
will become a structural reality. This could lead to a reduction or interruption of gas supplies in 
favour of other energy sources such as electricity. 
Risk of climate change 
Compliance with greenhouse gas regulations in the future may require Snam to adjust its 
facilities, and to control or limit its greenhouse gas emissions or undertake other actions that

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
could increase the costs of complying with applicable laws and therefore have negative effects 
on Snam Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow. 
The risks associated with the emissions market fall within the scope of the EU Directives on the 
sale of permits relating to carbon dioxide emissions and the rules on controlling emissions of 
certain atmospheric pollutants. With the start of the fourth period of the EU emissions trading 
system and the regulation (2021 - 2030), representing an additional evolution of the European 
ETS, the updating of the sector regulations has had as its main objective the authorisations for 
emitting greenhouse gases and a constant reduction of the quotas on emissions released free of 
charge. The main principles and mechanisms are unchanged, accordingly to the previous 
regulation period. However, the allowances assigned to each plant will no longer be constant 
but will gradually decrease over the years and will also depend on the actual functionality of 
the plants. The allowances assigned free of charge to the plants of Snam Group no longer suffice 
to comply with the regulatory obligations relative to ETS mechanisms, hence Snam Group 
companies will procure the additional allowances required on the market.  
By resolutions 419/2019/R/gas of 23 October 2019, 139/2023/R/gas of 5 April 2023, and 
196/2023/R/gas of 11 May 2023, the ARERA defined the regulatory criteria respectively for 
the fifth regulatory period for the storage service (2020-2025), for the sixth regulatory period 
for the natural gas transportation and metering service (2024-2027), and for the sixth regulatory 
period for the regasification service (2024-2027). Such resolutions envisage the recognition of 
costs relating to the Emissions Trading System (ETS). 
Climate change scenarios could also lead to the utilisation of different sources of energy by the 
population in different European countries and could have an impact on the demand for natural 
gas (and the volumes transported). On the one hand, natural gas could benefit from its greater 
sustainability compared to other fossil fuels in the short/medium term and represent a bridge 
towards the complete decarbonisation of some sectors; on the other hand, individual policies 
and decisions could lead to a gradual reduction in natural gas consumption, which would have 
a long-term impact on the use of the infrastructures. The raising of decarbonization targets at 
international and European level, including support for an energy transition that should enable 
fossil fuels to be phased out by 2050 (as expressed in the COP 28 and G7 communiqués), in 
addition to the already adopted energy transition policies (such as the Fit for 55 package and 
the EU Taxonomy) and the publication of leading studies in the international energy landscape 
(such as the International Energy Agency-IEA's Net Zero Roadmap), could actually accelerate 
the gradual reduction of fossil natural gas demand and supply.  
However, this could encourage a greater and earlier penetration of renewable and low-carbon 
gases (green hydrogen, blue hydrogen, biomethane, synthetic methane) in the energy mix, as 
well as CO2 capture and storage (CCS) systems, by promoting Snam's new businesses.  
Climate change could also increase the severity of extreme weather events (floods, droughts, 
extreme temperature fluctuations) causing worsening of the natural and hydrogeological 
conditions of the territory with a possible structural impact both on the quality and continuity 
of the service provided by Snam, and on the demand for Italian and European gas. With 
reference to the effects of the change in the gas demand on the balance sheet, income statement 
and financial position of Snam Group, see the paragraph "Market risk" of this chapter. Lastly, 
Snam has signed the Methane Guiding Principles, which commit the company to further 
reducing methane emissions deriving from its activities in natural gas infrastructure. In adhering 
to these principles, Snam has also committed to encouraging other players across the entire gas 
supply chain – from the producer to end consumer – to pursue the same objective. Snam joined 
the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership OGMP 2.0, a voluntary initiative launched by the UNEP 
(United Nations Environment Programme) to support Oil & Gas companies in reducing 
methane emissions. The company has participated, and is still actively involved, in the various 
UN forums that have enabled the development of the framework to provide governments and

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
the public with the assurance that methane emissions are treated and managed responsibly, with 
progress against stated targets, offering transparency and collaboration including the 
implementation of best practices. The OGMP protocol suggests indications as to the objectives 
to be achieved: - 45% by 2025 compared to 2015, a target already achieved in 2022. 
Since 2021 Snam improved its absolute methane emissions reduction target from -45% to -55% 
by 2025 vs. 2015 in relation to the operated assets, a more ambitious target than indicated by 
the OGMP 2.0 protocol, becoming a fundamental part of the decarbonisation strategy. During 
2023 Snam improved the new absolute methane emissions reduction target from -65% to -70% 
by 2030 and -72% by 2032 vs. 2015 in relation to the operated assets, in line with the 
recommendation of the OGMP 2.0. 
Ownership of storage concessions 
The risk linked to maintenance of the ownership of the storage concessions is attributable by 
Snam to the business in which the subsidiary Stogit operates on the basis of concessions issued 
by the Ministry of Enterprises and Made in Italy.  
The storage concessions are ten: Alfonsine, Brugherio, Cortemaggiore, Minerbio, Ripalta, 
Sabbioncello, Sergnano, Settala, Fiume Treste and Bordolano.  
Seven of the ten concessions (Brugherio, Cortemaggiore, Minerbio, Ripalta, Sabbioncello, 
Sergnano and Settala) expired on 31 December 2016 and have been renewed until 31 December 
2026 (renewals can be requested for maximum two times for a duration of ten years each).  
In March and April 2024, Snam requested a second extension until 2036 for four concessions 
(Brugherio, Settala, Sabbioncello and Minerbio) and procedures are still ongoing. For the other 
three concessions (Sergnano, Ripalta e Cortemaggiore) Snam will request a second extension 
by the end of 2024. 
With respect to the Alfonsine concession, which expired on 31 December 2016, the relevant 
authorisation procedures are still pending before the Ministry of the Environment and Energy 
Security and the company’s activities, as provided for by the applicable regulations, continue 
until the completion of the pending authorisation procedures, as envisaged by the original 
authorisation. The latter is automatically extended until the completion of such procedures. 
Anyway, the second extension will be requested by the end of 2024. 
With respect to the Fiume Treste concession, which expired for the first time in June 2012 and 
for the second time in June 2022, a request for the second ten-year extension was submitted on 
18 May 2020 and it was released in June 2024.  
With respect to the Bordolano concession, the latter will expire in November 2031 and can be 
extended for a further ten years1. If Snam is unable to retain ownership of one or more of its 
concessions or if, at the time of the renewal, the concessions are awarded under terms less 
favourable than the current ones, there may be negative effects on the Issuer’s operations, 
results, balance sheet and cash flow. 
Malfunction and unexpected service interruption 
Operating risks consist mainly of the malfunctioning and unforeseen interruption of the service 
determined by accidental events, including accidents, breakdowns or malfunctions of 
equipment or control systems, reduced output of plants, and extraordinary events such as 
explosions, fires, earthquakes, landslides or other similar events outside of Snam’s control. Such 
 
1 The Stogit concessions issued before the coming into force of Italian Legislative Decree No. 164/2000 can be extended by the Ministry of Economic 
Development up to twice for a term of ten years each time, in accordance with Article 1, paragraph 61 of Italian Law No. 239/2004. Pursuant to Article 34 
paragraph 18 of Italian Decree Law No. 179/2012, converted by Italian Law No. 221/2012, the duration of the only Stogit concession (Bordolano) issued after 
the coming into force of Italian Legislative Decree No. 164/2000, is thirty years with the possibility of an extension for another ten years.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
events could result in a reduction in revenue and could also cause considerable damage to 
people, with potential compensation obligations. Although Snam has taken out specific 
insurance policies to cover some of these risks, the related insurance cover could be insufficient 
to meet all the losses incurred, compensation obligations or cost increases. 
Delays in the progress of infrastructure implementation programs 
There is also the concrete possibility that Snam could incur delays in the progress of 
infrastructure construction programmes as a result of several unknowns linked to operating, 
economic, regulatory, authorisation and competition factors, which Snam may not control. 
Snam is therefore unable to guarantee that the projects to upgrade, extend and maintain its 
network will be started, completed or lead to the expected benefits in terms of tariffs. 
Additionally, the development projects may require greater investments or longer time frames 
than those originally planned, affecting Snam’s financial position and economic results. 
Investment projects may be stopped or delayed due to difficulties in obtaining environmental 
and/or administrative authorisations or to opposition from political forces or other organisations 
or may be influenced by changes in the price of equipment, materials and workforce, by changes 
in the political or regulatory framework during construction, or by the inability to obtain 
financing at an acceptable interest rate. Such delays could have negative effects on Snam 
Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow. In addition, changes in the prices of 
goods, equipment, materials and workforce could have an impact on Snam’s financial results. 
Environmental risks 
Snam sites comply with laws and regulations related to pollution, prevention and control, 
environmental protection, management of hazardous substances and waste disposal. Snam 
implemented in each site international standards for environmental and quality management 
systems ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 and, within Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
(“IPPC”) sites, the company adopts best available technologies based on best available 
techniques (“BAT”) conclusions, as prescribed by the specific integrated environmental 
authorization issued by the competent Authority.  
Costs related to environmental remediation is not easily forecasted due to uncertainty related to 
the extent of contamination, shared responsibility effectiveness of the approved technology in 
the specific site, the duration of the remediation project, requirements from competent 
authorities. 
Snam could not easily predict the economic impact of environmental regulations updates and 
could not provide assurance that future costs related with environmental legislation could be 
recovered within the tariff’s mechanism or the applicable regulation. Substantial increases in 
costs related to environmental compliance and other matters (such as potential fines) could 
negatively impact the business, operating results and financial and reputational aspects. 
Risk linked to foreign holdings 
Foreign investment companies owned by Snam may be subject to regulatory/legislative risk, 
under conditions of social and economic political instability, to market risk, cyber security, 
credit and financial risk and other risks typical of the business of transportation and storage of 
natural gas highlighted for Snam, such as to adversely affect their activities, economic results 
and the equity and financial situation. This can have negative impacts for Snam on the 
contribution towards the profits generated by such investments, as better detailed in the 
“Description of the Issuer” section. 
Cybersecurity

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Snam carries out its activities through a complex technological architecture relying on an 
integrated model of processes and solutions capable of promoting the efficient management of 
the entire country’s gas system. The development of the business and recourse to innovative 
solutions capable of continuous improvement, however, requires increasing attention to be 
focused on aspects of cybersecurity. 
For this reason, Snam has developed its own cybersecurity strategy based on a framework 
defined in accordance with standard principles on the subject and focusing constant attention 
on Italian and European regulatory developments, especially as far as the world of critical 
infrastructures and essential services is concerned (see “Description of the Issuer – 
Cybersecurity strategy”).  
A failure to prevent and/or guarantee prompt remediation against any cybersecurity-related 
attack may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition and, as a result, its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Energy transition and development of the hydrogen technologies market 
The energy sector is facing a significant transformation due to the impact of rising temperatures. 
Snam, while remaining committed to its core business of regulated natural gas transportation, 
storage and regasification activities, is also creating a broad and diversified platform of 
activities related to energy transition. This includes the transport and management of clean-
energies, such as biomethane and hydrogen, energy efficiency and carbon capture and storage 
projects. Snam aims to act as a system integrator, able to offer decarbonized solutions and 
contribute to the development of clean gases.  
The ability to implement and manage natural gas transport and storage projects, the new skills 
acquired in green gases and on the new energy transition solutions, the geographical presence 
along the main supply corridors of natural gas (and hydrogen in the future), combined with a 
strategy focused on ESG factors, constitute an essential contribution to the development of an 
energy system that is more competitive, safer and carbon neutral. By entering into new 
businesses Snam seeks to enable energy transition practices by encouraging the use of resources 
and energy sources which are compatible with environmental protection and gradual 
decarbonisation, with a long-term vision in line with the Group’s purpose and European 
objectives.  
Precisely from this long-term perspective, Snam’s strategic vision to 2030 presented in January 
2024, should be read in conjunction with its strategic plan. Snam’s strategy is to take advantage 
of new and important development opportunities in the next decade, a period when it anticipates 
that there will be a strong acceleration in energy transition in order to achieve carbon neutrality 
targets. This is expected to involve increasing investments, in particular in H2-ready energy 
transport and storage infrastructures, which will enable in the long term, the development of the 
hydrogen backbone, green gas development projects (hydrogen and biomethane), energy 
efficiency measures and CCS technology, with the development of a CO2 transport and storage 
infrastructure for the decarbonization of relevant industrial hubs.  
In this context, and with particular reference to the Group's strategy, the main risk factors 
include the risks posed by technological innovation in favour of switching to the use of electric 
technologies and/or the delay in the development of new technologies for the production, 
transport and storage of renewable and low carbon hydrogen at competitive costs. In addition, 
investments (infrastructure, projects, new acquisitions) may be delayed or not implemented due 
to the uncertainties related to operational, economic, regulatory, licensing, competitive and 
social factors, as well as the delay of the hydrogen market to develop in terms of value chain 
expected to feed the infrastructure.  
Finally, the uncertainty of the evolving regulatory framework is delaying the implementation 
of projects and the funding of hydrogen production.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
With specific reference to the energy efficiency business, there is a risk, with respect to the 
current regulatory framework, that the deadlines for the completion of works will not be met to 
obtain the related tax credits (mainly related to “superbonus” and “ecobonus” which are tax 
benefits aimed at economically supporting buildings renovation works improving energy 
efficiency and reducing environmental impacts). 
Investments in the CCS market (such as infrastructures, projects and new acquisitions) may be 
delayed or not fully implemented due to the uncertainties relating to operational, economic, 
regulatory, licensing, competitive and social factors. 
These factors could penalise the achievement of the development objectives of the 
aforementioned activities and, more generally, the opportunity for Snam to benefit from the 
new megatrends of the energy transition. In this regard, a further risk factor emerges in relation 
to the failure to fully achieve the objectives envisaged in the Italian Recovery and Resilience 
Plan by 2026, with possible repercussions on the development of the assets necessary for the 
growth of hydrogen market and its value chain, as well as on the development of biomethane 
and LNG market (particularly in the heavy transport sector). 
Risks relating to dependence on authorisations in relation to the transport business 
The gas transportation business of Snam Rete Gas and Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas is not carried 
out under a concession regime; however, the construction and operation of new transportation 
infrastructures is dependent on authorisations mainly granted pursuant to Articles 52-bis to 52-
nonies of the Presidential Decree (DPR) No. 327/2001 on energy infrastructures (See the section 
headed “Regulatory and Legislative Framework – Transportation and dispatching”). 
Pursuant to general principles of administrative law, such authorisations may be revoked by the 
competent authorities if there are justified grounds for doing so, for overriding reasons of public 
interest or if there is a change in the situation of fact or a further assessment by the competent 
authorities of the original public interest. Any such revocation must be adequately described 
and explained and justified in the relevant decision of the competent authority and in any such 
case, the affected party is entitled to receive an indemnification amount for any liability 
incurred. The revocation of any such authorisations may cause operational problems and delays 
in ongoing projects and operations. Such authorisations may not be given within the terms 
provided by law due to delays caused by the relevant authorities involved in the process. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that any such authorisations could also be subject to legal 
proceedings by private citizens or the competent local authority. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no authorisation granted to Snam Rete Gas and Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas has 
been revoked. 
Limited number of Shippers 
The Issuer provides its services to a limited number of Shippers, that purchase natural gas from 
producers, importers or other Shippers and sell it to other Shippers or to final users, including 
electrical production facilities and industrial plants, which in turn are typically directly 
connected to the transportation system, or to residential and commercial consumers, which are 
connected to local distribution networks. Shippers use transportation, dispatching, LNG 
regasification and storage services. The existing regulatory framework gives Shippers who 
satisfy the necessary requirements the right to access the abovementioned natural gas 
infrastructure. This right corresponds to an obligation of the operators of the infrastructure to 
agree to the necessary contracts pursuant to which Shippers are granted access, on the terms 
and conditions approved by the ARERA. 
Snam Group’s major Shipper customers for its transportation, regasification and storage 
business are the ENEL group, ENI and Edison. In 2023, Snam’s Group customer base has seen 
some diversification, with a growing interest from international players and smaller energy

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
companies looking to secure access to Italy's gas infrastructure amidst global energy market 
shifts. This has provided some resilience to Snam's core business. 
A failure or delay of any of these major Shipper customers, whose contracts generated 
approximately 67% of the core business revenue of the natural gas transportation business in 
2022, to meet their payment obligations could have a material adverse effect on Snam Group’s 
business, cash flow, financial condition and operating results. 
Risk of increasingly high levels of corporate income taxes  
The energy industry is subject to the payment of royalties and income tax which tend to be 
higher than those payable in many other commercial activities.  
Any adverse changes in the income tax rate or other taxes or charges applicable to Snam Group 
would have a negative impact on the Issuer’s future results of operations and cash flows. This 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to pay interest on the Notes or to repay the 
Notes in full at their maturity. 
Snam Group companies are frequently subject to control activities by financial administrative 
bodies and taxing authorities. On 2 December 2019, Snam S.p.A. and Snam Rete Gas were 
admitted to the collaborative compliance regime laid out by Legislative Decree No. 128/2015 
(so-called “cooperative compliance”). The regime enables continuous and preventive dialogue 
with the Italian Tax Agency and reflects the constant application of the principles of fairness, 
transparency and awareness of the fulfilment of the tax obligation defined in the “Tax Control 
Framework - Tax Strategy” Guidelines. These guidelines define the company’s policy 
concerning 
taxation 
and 
is 
available 
in 
an 
extract 
on 
the 
web 
page 
www.snam.it/en/Sustainability/snam_commitments/tax_policy.html. 
Pursuant to Law of 9 August 2023, No. 111 (“Law 111/2023”), the Italian Parliament approved 
general principles and criteria enabling the Italian Government to implement Directive (EU) 
2022/2523 in Italy. This measure will ensure that multinational enterprises that are within the 
scope of this directive will always be subject to a corporation tax rate of at least 15 per cent. 
Law 111/2023 has been implemented by Legislative Decree of 27 December 2023, No. 209. 
Snam Group is monitoring these developments, but does not currently believe that the above 
mentioned legislation will have a material adverse effect on its financial results. 
Risk relating to the pending Italian tax reform 
Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months 
from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the tax reform of the tax 
system. According to Law 111/2023, the tax reform may significantly change the taxation of 
financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system 
at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be 
quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information provided in this Base 
Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. Noteholders should be aware 
that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and capital 
gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or 
realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investments. 
Risks relating to competition 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam Group holds a leading position in the regulated 
natural gas business in Italy. 
With respect to the transportation business, Snam Rete Gas does not currently have significant 
competitors and while there are no regulatory barriers to entry into the gas transportation

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
market, in practice, the construction of a competing network of pipelines would entail 
substantial investment and lead times.  
As regards LNG regasification, GNL Italia is currently the third largest operator (3.5 billion 
cubic metres capacity per year) in the Italian market of LNG regasification in terms of capacity.  
In addition to GNL Italia, Snam owns: 
- 
49.07% stake in the capital of OLT Offshore LNG Toscana S.p.A., the company which has 
built and manages the offshore regasification terminal (FSRU - Floating Storage and 
Regasification Unit) located about 22 km off the Tuscan coast between Livorno and Pisa. 
With a maximum annual regasification capacity of 5 billion cubic meters, OLT is the second 
largest LNG terminal in Italy;  
- 
7.3% of the capital of Terminale GNL Adriatico S.r.l. (“Adriatic LNG”), that is the largest 
offshore gravity-based structure for LNG unloading, storing and regasification and the 
largest LNG terminal in Italy; and 
- 
100% of Snam FSRU Italia S.r.l., the company owning two new regasification plant based 
one in Piombino named “Italis LNG”, which has entered into service in July 2023 with a 
4.5 billion cubic metres capacity per year and another, named "BW Singapore," whose 
acquisition closing was finalized in December 2023, was built in 2015 and has a nominal 
regasification capacity of about 4.5 billion cubic meters per year and will be located in the 
upper Adriatic Sea, near the coast of Ravenna. 
With respect to the storage business, Stogit is one of three storage operators currently active in 
Italy and in 2024 its operations represented approximately 92% of the total capacity in Italy for 
natural gas storage. Currently the acquisition of Edison Stoccaggio S.p.A by Snam is ongoing 
and at the end of the process Snam will manage about 99% of the total capacity in Italy. 
The Issuer’s failure or inability to respond effectively to competition could adversely impact 
the Issuer’s growth prospects, future results of operations and cash flows. 
Risk relating to competition also applies to new businesses carried out by Snam Group (as 
detailed in section “Description of the Issuer – Business Activities of Snam Group”). 
Risks relating to future acquisitions/equity investments 
Any joint investments realised under joint ventures agreements (see “Description of the Issuer 
– “Recent corporate activity” and “Business Activities of Snam Group – International 
activities”) and any other future investments in foreign or domestic companies may result in 
increased complexity of Snam Group’s operations and there can be no assurance that such 
investments will be properly integrated with the Issuer’s quality standards, policies and 
procedures to achieve consistency with the rest of the Issuer and Snam Group’s operations. The 
process of integration may require additional investments and expenses. Failure to integrate 
investment successfully could have a materially adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and operating results which could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Moreover, the value of the investments made or in the process of being made by the Issuer 
abroad, in companies operating in the gas transportation, storage and regasification sector, 
might be negatively affected by the non-certification by the relevant national regulatory 
authority of the target company. 
Finally, failures by the participated companies in achieving positive financial performances 
might have an impact on the Issuer’s results of operations and therefore on its ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Implementing the objectives in its Strategic Plan

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
On 24 January 2024, the board of directors of Snam approved the strategic plan, announced to 
the market on 25 January 2024, which sets out the strategic lines and objectives of Snam Group 
for a period of four years, from 2023 to 2027.  
The strategic plan contains, and was prepared on the basis of, assumptions and estimates relating 
to future trends and events that may affect the sector in which Snam Group operates, such as 
estimates of demand for natural gas in Italy over the medium to long term and changes in the 
applicable regulatory framework. If the events and circumstances projected or estimated to 
occur by the board of directors when preparing the strategic plan should not occur, including 
the evolution of the regulatory framework, future business, cash flow and results of operations 
of Snam Group could be materially different from those envisaged in the strategic plan. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s historical consolidated financial and operational performance may not 
be indicative of the Issuer’s future operating and financial performance. There can be no 
assurance of the Issuer’s continued profitability in future periods. 
Potential impact relating to energy transition business activities 
As climate change shows the concrete effects of global warming, the energy world is facing 
momentous transformation. Without prejudice to the company's commitment to the core 
business of regulated activities of transportation, storage and regasification of natural gas, Snam 
is increasingly investing in the energy transition through the development of green gases 
(hydrogen and biomethane) and the contribution to decarbonisation of consumption 
implementing energy efficiency measures and solutions such as Carbon Capture and Storage 
(“CCS”). 
In this context, and with particular reference to the Group's strategy, the main risk factors 
include the risks posed by technological innovation in favour of switching to the use of electrical 
technologies, and/or delay in the development of new technologies for the production, transport 
and storage of renewable and low carbon gases at competitive costs. For both hydrogen and 
CCS the delay or non-fully implementation of investments (infrastructures, projects, new 
acquisitions) due to uncertainties related to operational, economic, regulatory, authorisation, 
competitive and social factors as well as delay in developing the hydrogen value chain are 
significant risk factors.  
Finally, the potential evolution of the regulatory framework favoring intermittent electricity 
sources and extensive electrification, while penalising the development of the renewable and 
low carbon gas as well as CCS market should be considered. These factors may hinder the 
achievement of development objectives of the aforementioned activities and, more generally, 
limit the opportunity for Snam to benefit from energy transition new businesses. 
Risks related to modifications in capital investments 
Investment projects may stand still or be delayed due to difficulties in obtaining environmental 
and/or administrative authorisations, opposition from political groups or other form of 
organisations, or may be influenced by variations in the price of equipment, materials and 
labour, changes in the political or regulatory frameworks during construction and by the 
inability to raise funds at acceptable interest rates. Such delays could have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer and Snam Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations which could 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Employees and staff in key roles 
Snam’s ability to operate its business effectively depends on the skills and performance of its 
personnel. Loss of “key” personnel or inability to attract, train or retain qualified personnel (in 
particular, for technical positions where the availability of appropriately qualified personnel 
may be limited), or situations in which the ability to implement long-term business strategy is

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
negatively influenced due to significant disputes with employees, could have an adverse effect 
on business, financial conditions and operating results. 
2. 
Risks relating to macro-economic conditions 
Macroeconomic and geo-political risk 
Because of the specific nature of the business in which Snam operates, there are also risks 
associated with political, social and economic instability in natural gas supplier countries, 
mainly related to the gas transportation segment. A large part of the natural gas transported in 
the Italian national transport network is imported by pipelines from - or passing through - 
countries included in the MENA area (Middle East and North Africa, in particular Algeria, 
Tunisia, Libya and, from a TANAP-TAP perspective, Turkey, together with States bordering 
the Eastern Mediterranean) and in the former Soviet bloc (Russian Federation, Ukraine, 
Azerbaijan and Georgia), which are geographical areas subject to political, social and economic 
instability and could constitute potential future crisis scenarios. 
In particular, the import and transit of natural gas from/through these countries are subject to a 
wide range of risks, including: terrorism and common crime, alteration of political-institutional 
regimes; armed conflicts, socio-economic and ethno-sectarian tensions, unrest and disturbances, 
deficient legislation on insolvency and protection of creditors; limits on investment and on the 
import and export of goods and services; introduction of and increases in taxes and excise 
duties; forced imposition of contract renegotiations; nationalisation of assets; changes in trade 
policies and monetary restrictions. 
If a Shipper using the transportation service via Snam’s networks cannot procure or transport 
natural gas from/through the aforementioned countries because of such adverse conditions, or 
in any way suffers from such adverse conditions to an extent so as to make it impossible or 
discourage the fulfilment of its contractual obligations towards Snam, this could have negative 
effects on Snam Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow and, consequently, 
affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its payments under the Notes. 
With reference to the share of gas injected into the national transportation network through the 
interconnection with the LNG terminals, the risk associated with political, social and economic 
instability in natural gas supplier countries is currently low but could potentially increase in the 
next future due to the changed geopolitical framework.  
The Russian-Ukrainian conflict is now in its third year and continues to destabilize global and 
regional energy dynamics, increasing uncertainty of gas flows from these areas. With regard to 
the measures adopted by the European Union to prevent or reduce gas supplies from Russia, it 
should be noted that a ban has recently been introduced which prohibits European terminals 
from receiving LNG cargoes coming, directly or indirectly, from Russia. 
In the Middle East, the continuation of hostilities in the coming months could lead to further 
tensions at an international level, with their consequent effects on the prices of energy products 
for which Italy, and Europe in general, are heavily dependent on imports. 
This turbulence could weigh on the world economy, increasing production costs and further 
affecting national and European economic stability and growth, as well as causing further 
challenges in the management of energy supply sources. 
Snam has been constantly monitoring the evolution of the conflict and its possible consequences 
and effects on the group since 7 October 2023. However, regarding the operational management 
of recurring activities and the implementation of the 2023 investment programme, there are 
currently no significant and critical issues attributable to these events.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Exchange rate risk 
Snam’s exposure to exchange rate risk relates to both transaction risk and translation risk. 
Transaction exchange rate risk is generated by the conversion of trade or financial receivables 
(payables) into currencies other than the functional currency and is caused by the impact of 
unfavourable exchange rate fluctuations between the time that the transaction is carried out and 
the time it is settled (collection/payment). Translation exchange rate risk relates to rate 
fluctuations in the exchange rates of currencies other than the consolidation currency (the euro) 
which can result in changes to consolidated shareholders’ equity. Snam’s risk management 
system aims to minimise transaction exchange rate risk through measures such as the use of 
derivatives financial instruments. It cannot be ruled out that significant future changes in 
exchange rates may generate negative effects on Snam Group’s operations, balance sheet and 
cash flow, irrespective of the policies for hedging the risk resulting from exchange rate 
fluctuations through the financial instruments on the market put in place by Snam.  
Snam’s exposure is currently limited with regard to transaction risk, while there is still exposure 
to translation risk with regard to certain foreign investees that prepare their financial statements 
in currencies other than the euro. At present, it has been decided not to adopt specific hedging 
policies for these exposures. For instance, it should be noted that the effects of exchange rate 
differences deriving from the difference in translation into currency presentation (euro) of the 
functional currencies of these companies are recognised in the comprehensive income 
statement. 
Snam does not take out currency derivatives for speculative purposes. 
3. 
Credit and liquidity risks 
Credit risk 
The credit risk is the company’s exposure to potential losses arising from counterparties failing 
to fulfil their obligations. 
Default on or delayed payment of fees may have a negative impact on Snam's economic results 
and financial balance. For the risk of counterparty breach of commercial contracts, debt 
collection and any possible disputes are handled by the relevant business units and the 
centralised Snam departments. 
For trade receivables, provisions reflect the value of expected losses over the life of the 
receivable and are determined on a collective basis using a calculation model, in accordance 
with the requirements of the relevant accounting standards, or on the basis of individual and 
analytical assessments for credit exposures with specific risk elements (e.g., litigation or where 
detailed information is available on the recoverability of the exposure). 
With regard to regulated activities, Snam provides its business services to 450 operators in the 
gas segment, of which the top 10 operators account for about 64% of the entire market (Eni, 
Edison and Enel Global Trading holding the top three positions). The rules for customer access 
to the services offered are established by the Authorities and set out in the Network Codes. For 
each type of service, these documents explain the rules regulating the rights and obligations of 
the parties involved in selling and providing said services and contain contractual conditions, 
which significantly reduce the risk of customer default. The Network Codes require that 
guarantees are provided to cover each capacity commitment. In specific cases, if the customer 
has a credit rating issued by major international organizations, the issue of such guarantees may 
be excluded. 
The regulations also contain specific clauses guaranteeing the neutrality of the entity in charge 
of balancing, an activity carried out from 1 December 2011 by Snam Rete Gas as major 
transmission company. In particular, the current balancing rules require that based on financial

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
rating criteria, Snam shall make its purchases and sales on the GME balancing platform to 
ensure availability of the resources required for secure and efficient movement of the gas from 
the entry points to the withdrawal points and therefore constant balancing of the network. 
In the context of the activities related to the energy efficiency business, the credit risk is linked 
to the failure to convert these credits into tax credits, given the numerous practices related to 
the Superbonus and other minor bonuses, as well as the complex and intricate process of 
converting commercial credits into tax credits for the Superbonus and other minor bonuses, 
which must be completed by the end of 2024. 
Snam’s maximum exposure to credit risk as on 30 June 2024 is represented by the book value 
of the financial assets recorded in the financial statements.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that new financial resources may not be available (funding liquidity 
risk) or that the Issuer may be unable to convert assets into cash on the market (asset liquidity 
risk), with the consequence that it cannot meet its payment commitments. This may affect 
economic results should the Issuer be obliged to incur extra costs to meet its commitments or, 
in extreme cases, lead to insolvency and threaten the Issuer’s future as a going concern.  
Under the financial plan, Snam’s risk management system aims to establish a financial structure 
that, in line with the business objectives, ensures sufficient liquidity for the Group, minimising 
the relative opportunity cost and maintaining a balance in terms of duration and composition of 
debt. 
As shown in the “Interest rate risk” section, the Issuer had access to a wide range of funding 
sources through the credit system and the capital markets (bilateral contracts, pool financing 
with major domestic and international banks, loan contracts with the European Investments 
Bank (EIB) bonds and Commercial Papers).  
Snam’s objective is to maintain a debt structure that is balanced in composition between bonds 
and bank credit, and the availability of usable committed bank credit lines, in line with its 
business profile and the regulatory environment in which Snam operates. 
As of 30 June 2024, Snam had unused committed long-term credit lines worth approximately 
Euro 5.7 billion, of which: (i) pooled credit lines of Euro 4.2 billion; (ii) Revolving Credit 
Facilities (RCF) for a total of euro 1.2 billion; (iii) committed bank lines undrawn, including 
Euro 100 million from EIB. As of 30 June 2024, Snam had a Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) 
programme in place for a maximum total nominal value of Euro 13 billion, of which Euro 10.6 
billion drawn, and a Euro Commercial Paper Programme (ECP) for a maximum total nominal 
value of Euro 3.5 billion, of which Euro 2.5 billion drawn as of 30 June 2024. 
Snam cash and cash equivalents mainly related to current accounts and bank deposits that are 
readily collectable. 
Risk of acceleration  
The risk of acceleration consists of the possibility that the loan contracts which have been 
concluded contain provisions that provide the lender with the ability to activate contractual 
protections that could result in the early repayment of the loan in the event of the occurrence of 
specific events, thereby generating a potential liquidity risk.  
As of 30 June 2024, Snam has unsecured bilateral and syndicated loan agreements in place with 
banks and other financial institutions. Part of such contracts provide, inter alia, for certain 
commitments customary in international practice, some of which are subject to specific 
materiality thresholds, such as: (i) negative pledge pursuant to which Snam and its subsidiaries

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
are subject to limitations concerning the pledging of real property rights or other restrictions on 
all or part of the respective assets and shares; (ii) pari passu and change-of-control clauses; (iii) 
limitations on certain extraordinary transactions that Snam and its subsidiaries may carry out; 
and (iv) limits on the debt of subsidiaries. 
The bonds issued by Snam as of 30 June 2024 provide covenants that reflect international 
market practices regarding, inter alia, negative pledge and pari passu. 
Failure to comply with these covenants, and the occurrence of other events, such as cross-default 
events, could trigger the early repayment of the related loan. Exclusively for the EIB (European 
Investment Bank) loans, the lender has the option to request additional guarantees, if Snam’s 
rating is lower than BBB (S&P / Fitch) or Baa2 (Moody’s) for at least two of the three rating 
agencies.  
The occurrence of one or more of the aforementioned scenarios could have negative effects on 
Snam Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow, resulting in additional costs 
and/or liquidity issues. There are no covenants among these commitments that provide for 
compliance with ratios of an economic and/or financial nature. 
International financial markets  
In the recent years several governments, international and supranational organisations and 
monetary authorities have put in place a number of actions to increase liquidity in financial 
markets, in order to boost global gross domestic product growth and mitigate the possibility of 
default by certain European countries on their sovereign debt obligations. It remains difficult to 
predict the effect of the potential easing of these measures on the economy and on the financial 
system. As a result, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital and financial markets and to 
refinance debt to meet the financial requirements of the Issuer and Snam Group may be 
adversely impacted and costs of financing may significantly increase. This could materially and 
adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a 
consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s credit ratings 
Rating risk 
Snam’s long term rating is: (i) Baa2 with stable outlook, confirmed on 9 February 2024 by 
Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”); (ii) BBB+ with stable outlook, confirmed on 30 April 
2024 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”); (iii) BBB+ with stable outlook, 
confirmed on 28 March 2024 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). Snam’s long-term 
rating by Moody’s, Fitch and S&P’s is a notch higher than that of Italian sovereign debt. Based 
on the methodology adopted by Moody’s and S&P, the downgrade of one notch from the current 
rating of the Republic of Italy would lead to a corresponding reduction of Snam’s current rating. 
In that respect, on 17 November 2023 Moody’s improved the outlook of Italy, from negative to 
stable, with a corresponding impact on the outlook of Snam on 21 November 2023.  
The company’s short-term rating, used under the scope of Snam Commercial Paper programme, 
is P-2 for Moody’s, A-2 for S&P and F-2 for Fitch. 
Generally, a credit rating assesses the credit worthiness of an entity and informs an investor 
about the probability of the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
Credit ratings play a critical role in determining the costs for entities accessing the capital 
market in order to borrow funds and the rate of interest they can achieve. A decrease in credit

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
ratings either by Moody’s and/or S&P and/or Fitch may increase borrowing costs or even 
jeopardise further issuance. The prices of the existing bonds may deteriorate following a 
downgrade. 
Any downgrades in the rating assigned to Snam Group, could limit the possibility of accessing 
the capital markets and increase the cost of raising funds and/or refinancing existing debt, with 
negative effects on Snam Group’s operations, results, balance sheet and cash flow. 
5. 
Legal Risks 
Legal and non-compliance risk 
The legal and non-compliance risk is an organization’s potential exposure to legal penalties, 
financial forfeiture and material loss, resulting from its failure to act in accordance with industry 
laws and regulations, internal policies or prescribed best practices. Failure to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations can have a negative impact on an organization revenue, which 
can lead to a loss of reputation, business opportunities and valuation. 
In order to minimize this risk Snam is committed to the observance of best international 
practices, in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, statutory provisions and codes of 
conduct, with an approach emphasizing ethical integrity and fairness that characterize the 
behavior of the entire organization. Snam’s business and corporate activities have to be carried 
out in a transparent, honest and fair way, in good faith, and in full compliance with competition 
protection rules.  
Snam undertakes to maintain and strengthen a governance system according to international 
best practice standards, able to deal with the complex situations in which Snam operates and to 
face the challenges relating to sustainable development.  
Systematic methods for involving all relevant stakeholders of Snam Group are adopted, 
fostering dialogue on sustainability and corporate responsibility.  
Internal control systems, risk management and compliance are essential for Snam’s strategy and 
governance. Compliance supports the evolution of business both in terms of improvement of 
business results and competitive advantage. 
The effective exercise of compliance activity protects Snam from the risk of incurring sanctions 
and from the risk of suffering financial, operational and reputational damages (protection from 
legal and non-compliance risk), which may also lead to sanctions, even substantial, against the 
Issuer based on applicable Italian law on the administrative liability of legal persons (Italian 
Legislative Decree 231 of 8 June 2001). 
Snam has also implemented a Compliance Program and adopted Anti-corruption Policy and 
Guidelines, achieving the UNI ISO 37001:2016, a certification concerning "Management 
systems for the prevention of corruption". 
Snam considers its business associates to be an integral part of its value chain and therefore 
extends the Compliance Program to them as well. In this regard, Snam: (i) conducts due 
diligence activities on business associates before establishing any kind of relationship; (ii) when 
business associates are suppliers or subcontractors, requires them to comply with Snam’s 
business ethics principles and to inform Snam about any pending criminal proceedings against 
them and/or their managers and representatives; (iii) in any agreement with business associates, 
includes specific provisions requiring them to comply with Snam’s Code of Ethics and Anti-
Corruption Policy and Guidelines, as well as to adopt appropriate measures to prevent the 
violation  by its employees of any Anti-Corruption Laws or the provisions of Italian Legislative 
Decree 231 of 8 June 2001  and allowing Snam to terminate the contractual relationship in case 
of breach of such obligations.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Legal Proceedings 
Some Subsidiaries are involved in judicial proceedings arising from its ordinary business 
activities.  
In addition, there is an ongoing criminal investigation involving Renovit Business Solutions 
and some members and former members of management employees.  
On the basis of the current status of the investigation and on the basis of advice from legal 
counsels, management does not believe it is possible to predict whether any resulting 
proceedings will have an economic impact on the Issuer and, if so, what its extent would be (see 
“Description of the Issuer — Material Litigation”). 
If such proceedings were to be resolved unfavourably for the Issuer, there may be a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 
Although the Issuer has made accounting provisions with respect to pending judicial 
proceedings, in accordance with the Issuer’s applicable policies, the variability in the outcomes 
of the existing judicial proceedings may determine a situation in which the provisions set aside 
may not be sufficient to cover the relevant losses. As a consequence, if future losses arising 
from the pending judicial proceedings are materially in excess of the provisions made, there 
may be a material adverse effect on Snam Group’s business, cash flow, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
6. 
Risks relating to inflation/deflation, interest rate risks and risks relating to structural 
subordination 
Inflation/deflation risk 
Variations in the price of goods, equipment, materials and labour may impact on the Issuer’s 
financial results. Any such variation as a result of inflation or deflation, to the extent that it is 
not factored into the tariff system of the ARERA, may materially adversely affect the Issuer’s 
results of operations and ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Interest Rate risk 
Fluctuations in interest rates affect the market value of the Issuer’s financial assets and liabilities 
and its net financial expense. Snam aims to optimise interest rate risk while pursuing financial 
structure objectives. Snam Group (as defined hereinafter) has adopted a centralised 
organisational model. In accordance with this model, Snam’s various departments access the 
financial markets and use funds to cover financial requirements, in compliance with approved 
objectives, ensuring that the risk profile is maintained within defined limits. 
As of 30 June 2024, Snam Group used external financial resources in the form of bonds and 
bilateral and syndicated funding with banks and other financial institutions, in the form of 
medium- to long-term financial payables and bank lines of credit at interest rates indexed to the 
reference market rates, in particular the Europe Interbank Offered Rate (Euribor), and at fixed 
rates.  
The exposure to the interest rate risk as of 30 June 2024, taking into account the hedging 
transactions put in place, was approximately 29% of Snam Group’s total exposure (30% as of 
31 December 2023). As of 30 June 2024, Snam had Interest Rate Swap (IRS) derivative 
contracts in place with a total notional amount of euro 1,306 million. Hedges against interest 
rate changes refer to: (i) a floating-rate debenture loan maturing between 2024 and 2026; (ii) 
floating-rate bank loans with maturities between 2027 and 2028. 
Though Snam Group has an active risk management policy, the rise in interest rates relating to 
floating rate debt not hedged against interest rate risk could have negative effects on Snam

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Group’s operations, balance sheet and cash flow and, consequently, affect the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its payment obligations under the Notes.  
Structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes 
The Issuer is organised as a holding company that conducts essentially all of its operations 
through its subsidiaries and depends primarily on the earnings and cash flows of, and the 
distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, including its 
obligations under the Notes issued by it. The subsidiaries have no obligations, contingent or 
otherwise, to pay any amounts due under the Notes or to make funds available to the Issuer to 
enable it to pay any amounts due under the Notes. Generally, creditors of a subsidiary, including 
trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by 
the subsidiary, and preferred shareholders, if any, of the subsidiary, will be entitled to the assets 
of that subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation 
or winding up. As a result, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes issued by it may effectively 
be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities, including the right of 
trade creditors and preferred shareholders, if any, of the Issuer’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, which could be 
substantial. See also “Risk Factors – The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the 
Issuer may incur” below. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to 
any Notes and those which might occur in relation to certain types of Notes: 
1. 
RISKS APPLICABLE TO ALL NOTES WHICH MAY BE ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider the reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to the redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event (Clean-Up 
Call) (Condition 6.5), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when 80 per 
cent. or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes has been 
redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a 
loss of capital invested. 
If the terms of any Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest 
basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the 
market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return 
for the Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on those Notes 
and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2. 
RISKS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES  
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Notes, such as 
Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no 
interest in respect of such Notes. 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note or a combination of the two) where the amount of principal 
(subject to the amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the 
nominal value of the Notes) and/or interest payable are dependent upon the level of an 
inflation/consumer price index or indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the 
Inflation Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest and (ii) 
payment of principal, and/or interest may occur at a different time than expected. In addition, 
the movements in the level of the inflation/consumer price index or indices may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the 
actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event 
provisions (such as the delay and disruption provisions described in Condition 4.3.2 (Inflation 
Index delay and disruption provisions) and any Additional Disruption Events as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). Relevant events may relate to an inflation/consumer 
price index publication being delayed or ceasing or such index being rebased or modified. If the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) determines that any such event 
has occurred this may delay valuations under, and/or payments in respect of, the Notes and 
consequently adversely affect the value of the Notes. Any such adjustments may be by reference 
to a Related Bond, as defined in the applicable Final Terms if so specified therein. Moreover,

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to early redemption of the Notes which may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Whether and how such provisions apply to the 
relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Notes Conditions in 
conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level 
of the inflation/consumer price index or the indices on principal or interest payable will be 
magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the 
Notes are linked may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other 
indices. Any movement in the level of the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable 
on the Notes (if applicable) or, in the case of Notes with a redemption amount linked to inflation, 
in a reduction of the amount payable on redemption or settlement (subject to the amount of 
principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the nominal value of the Notes). 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the 
measure of inflation comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to 
investors on the Notes, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount 
of Inflation Linked Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction 
or area, and such Index may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by 
Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time 
remaining to the maturity date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or 
consumer price index or indices. The level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices 
may be affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions or areas. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a 
multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more 
standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. 
3. 
RISKS 
APPLICABLE 
TO 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
AS 
‘GREEN 
BONDS’ 
AND 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES 
In respect of any Notes issued as ‘Green Bonds’, there can be no assurance that such use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply amount equivalent to the proceeds of any such Notes from an offer of those 
Notes specifically to finance or refinance projects and activities that promote climate-friendly 
and other environmental purposes as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Prospective 
investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other person that 
the use of amounts equivalent to the proceeds of any such Notes for any Eligible Green Projects 
(as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds”) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Green Projects).  
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or 
“sustainable” or “climate action” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or 
“climate action” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time.   
 
A basis for the determination of such definitions has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing the first set of 
technical screening criteria to define which activities contribute substantially to two of the 
environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation (the “Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”). The 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. In addition, on 10 
March 2022 the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated 
Act covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into force in the 
coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the 
Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable 
Finance Disclosure Regulation”) which became applicable from 1 January 2023. Any further 
delegated act that is adopted by the EU Commission in implementation of the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may 
furthermore evolve over time with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to 
reflect technological progress, resulting in regular review to the relating screening criteria. The 
Group’s Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds”) (as amended, 
supplemented, restated or otherwise updated) are aligned with the relevant objectives for the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. Although the aforementioned technical screening criteria 
are generally prescriptive in nature, their application will involve the exercise of judgement and, 
in certain instances, the technical screening criteria also give broad discretion on the 
methodologies and assessments that should be undertaken. Accordingly, please note that 
different persons (including third-party data providers and other financial market participants) 
may interpret and apply these technical screening criteria differently, use internal methodologies 
(where permitted) and/or arrive at different conclusions regarding the extent of the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy alignment of a financial product. The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy alignment of Notes issued under the Programme as ‘Green Bonds’ has therefore 
been calculated by the Issuer on the basis of the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act in its current 
form, having regard to these factors.  
 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green”, “sustainable”, “climate action” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects.  
 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
 
As part of the Issuer’s strategic plan (see “Risks related to the business activities and industries 
of the Issuer and Subsidiaries - Implementing the objectives in its Strategic Plan”), on 9 
February 2024, the Issuer adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets 
to, inter alia, foster the best market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of ‘Green 
Bonds’ and ‘sustainability-linked bonds’ (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”), available 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-
attachments/it/investor-relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_2024.pdf in accordance with, inter alia, the 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds Principles 2020 (the “SLBP”) administered by the ICMA. The 
underlying rationale for the preparation of the Sustainable Finance Framework for the issuance 
of “Green Bonds” and “Sustainability-linked Notes” under the Programme is to seek to 
implement its strategic plan through a sustainable finance strategy aimed at aligning the 
requirements and best practices of an evolving market landscape which is increasingly focused 
on transparency and the development of credible and ambitious transition strategies, which do 
not only account for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, but also evidence a tangible and 
positive contribution to biodiversity and natural preservation.  
 
Such Sustainable Finance Framework was reviewed by ISS Corporate Solutions in its capacity 
as the Issuer’s second-party Opinion provider (“ISS”) which provided and confirmed the 
Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion available at the following websites: 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/ISS_SPO_on_Snam_Sustainable_Finance_Framework.pdf (see: The Sustainable 
Finance Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the relevant ‘Green Bonds’ or Sustainability-Linked Notes). 
 
In the case of Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes, the interest rate relating to any Step Up 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme is subject to upward adjustment in 
certain circumstances specified in the relevant Final Terms, and in the case of Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, the redemption amount relating to any Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme is subject to a premium 
amount in certain circumstances specified in the relevant Final Terms. The impact of the 
issuance of such Sustainability-Linked Notes on the Issuer is that, should the Issuer fail to meet 
the relevant sustainability performance target as described in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Issuer will be required to pay an upward adjustment to the interest rate or, in the case 
of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, a redemption premium. Despite such 
characteristics, Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any 
future legal or quasi-legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme are not being marketed as green bonds 
since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and 
therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any such 
Notes specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability 
criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
 
Furthermore, in the event that such Sustainability-Linked Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated green, environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
 
In addition, (i) the interest rate adjustment in respect of any Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and (ii) the application of a redemption premium amount in respect of any Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme depends on a definition of Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions, Natural Gas Emissions and Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles that may be inconsistent with investor requirements 
or expectations or other definitions relevant to Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 
GHG Emissions, Natural Gas Emissions and Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles. Furthermore, in relation to the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Redemption Premium 
Event, as the case may be, other than in respect of a Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Event, the Terms and Conditions specify that no Step Up Event or 
Redemption Premium Event, as the case may be, shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer 
to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition due to (a) an amendment to, or 
change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and guidelines applicable to and/or 
relating to the Issuer’s public service activities, or a decision of a competent authority which 
has or may have a direct impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Note Condition as at the relevant Observation Date; or (b) the relevant public service 
concessions granted to the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or joint operations or by merged and 
acquired companies, being amended, revoked or the relevant expiration date being shortened. 
As a result, the occurrence of any such events may result in the Issuer being unable to satisfy 
the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition but the relevant Step Up Event or 
Redemption Premium Event, as the case may be, not being triggered. 
 
Although the Group targets decreasing its Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions and Natural Gas Emissions, and increasing its Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles in accordance with its Sustainable Finance Framework (together, the 
“Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful 
in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet 
investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or 
social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the 
Group makes in furtherance of its Sustainability Targets or such investments may become 
controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders.  
 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the 
Programme, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet the Sustainability Targets.  
 
The Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the relevant ‘Green Bonds’ or Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
 
A Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion has been issued in relation to the 
Sustainable Finance Framework (see: Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics) 
confirming (i) in the case of the issuance of any ‘Green Bonds’ under the Programme, that the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
relevant Eligible Green Project expected to be financed and/or refinanced by the net proceeds 
of such ‘Green Bonds’, will be defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility 
for green and climate action projects set out in the “Green Bond Principles” (“GBP”) published 
in June 2021 by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) and (ii) in the case of 
the issuance of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the Programme, the relevance and scope 
of the selected key performance indicators (“KPI(s)”) and the associated sustainability 
performance targets (“SPTs”) and also the alignment with the SLBP and the stated definition 
of sustainability-linked bonds within the SLBP.  
 
The Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors and other factors that may 
affect the value of the relevant Notes or Sustainability-Linked Notes or, in the case of ‘Green 
Bonds’, the projects financed or refinanced by the relevant net proceeds, and would not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold, as the case may be, the relevant ‘Green Bonds’ 
or Sustainability-Linked Notes. Furthermore, the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party 
Opinion is only current as of its date and the Issuer does not assume any obligation or 
responsibility to release any update or revision to its Eligible Green Projects or to its Sustainable 
Finance Framework, and, as a result, an update or a revision of the Sustainable Finance 
Framework Second-party Opinion may or may not be requested from ISS or other providers of 
second-party opinions. 
  
A withdrawal of the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion may affect the value 
of such ‘Green Bonds’ or Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in transition, green, social or sustainable assets, as 
the case may be. Furthermore, prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes or 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are 
not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated into and/or 
form part of the Base Prospectus. 
 
In addition, in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme, if for any 
reason the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion is withdrawn, there might be 
no third-party analysis of the Issuer’s definitions of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 
3 GHG Emissions, Natural Gas Emissions or Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles, or how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than the 
relevant External Verifier’s assurance activity on the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016. 
 
Moreover, a Second-party opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, reports and 
certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Dealers or any Second-party opinion providers or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold ‘Green Bonds’ and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the provider of any such 
opinion, report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which 
is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of 
any investment in the ‘Green Bonds’ and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of 
any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that 
the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report 
or certification is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
the ‘Green Bonds’ and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
 
Notwithstanding the issuance of the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-party Opinion, (a) 
in the case of ‘Green Bonds’, whilst any issue of ‘Green Bonds’ will be made in accordance 
with the ICMA GBP, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a  “green” or equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“green” and (b) in the case of Sustainability-Linked Notes, there is currently no clearly-defined 
definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a 
"sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or “sustainability-
linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time). As 
a result, no assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of the 
Group, the Dealers or any Second-party opinion providers that the ‘Green Bonds’ and/or 
Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the ‘Green 
Bonds’ and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Group's targets qualifying as “green”, 
“climate action”, "sustainable" or “sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other impacts will 
not occur in connection with the Group striving to achieve such targets. 
 
Investors should therefore make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with 
the offering of ‘Green Bonds’ and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes, including the Sustainable 
Finance Framework Second-party Opinion. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor 
shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
No Step Up Margin or Redemption Premium Amount will be payable in case of failure by the 
Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition and/or the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be, in case of 
occurrence of certain events impacting on the Issuer’s ability to comply with its Sustainability 
Targets. 
 
The (i) interest rate adjustment in respect of any Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes and (ii) 
addition of a redemption premium amount in respect of any Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Note issued under the Programme depends on a definition of Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG Emissions, Natural Gas Emissions and/or Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles that may be inconsistent with investor requirements 
or expectations or other definitions relevant to renewable energy and/or greenhouse or natural 
gas emissions. Furthermore, in relation to the occurrence of a Step Up Event or a Redemption 
Premium Event, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions specify that no Step Up Event 
or Redemption Premium Event, as the case may be, shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer 
to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, as the case may be, due to 
(a) an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Regulated Group’s business or a decision of a 
competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy 
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition or, 
as the case may be, the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, in each case as at the relevant 
Observation Date; and/or (b) any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being 
amended, revoked or terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date 
(and such revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the 
relevant expiration date being shortened. As a result, the occurrence of any such events may

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
result in the Issuer being unable to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition 
but the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Condition but the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition 
but the Natural Gas Emissions Event not being triggered. If this is the case, no Step Up Margin 
or Redemption Premium Amount, as the case may be, will be paid in respect of the relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
 
The Issuer may unilaterally change the sustainability targets applicable to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes as a consequence of the occurrence of certain events, including a 
Redetermination Event.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer calculates the greenhouse gas (“GHG”) 
emissions on the basis of international guidance and standards on greenhouse gas emissions 
accounting established by the GHG Protocol (the “GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates”) 
and the Issuer calculates natural gas (“Natural Gas”) emissions in accordance with the UNEP 
Protocol’s Reporting Standards and on the basis of the instructions issued by the most recent 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change "Sixth Assessment IPCC Reports" that assigned 
methane a Global Warming Potential (GWP) of 29.8 (the “IPCC Reporting Instructions”). 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s Sustainability Data and Targets are verified by third parties in 
accordance with the ISO 14001 certification for environmental management systems and the 
reporting certification according to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 
3000 Revised - Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information”, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).  
 
The industry-wide accepted references, including the GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates, 
the IPCC Reporting Instructions and other sectorial standards and guidelines, on which the 
Issuer bases its calculation methodology, may evolve over time and may result in a change to 
the scope of the Issuer’s Sustainability Targets. The occurrence of any event that results in a 
recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and/or the Natural Gas 
Emissions (such event referred to under the Conditions as a “Redetermination Event” may 
cause a fixing by the Issuer, on an unilateral basis, of a new percentage or baseline on the basis 
of which the relevant percentage reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions and/or 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions and/or Natural Gas Emissions will be determined. If such 
Redetermination Event occurs, new Sustainability Targets, unilaterally determined by the Issuer 
acting in good faith and accordance with its methodology, will be taken into account for the 
purposes of ascertaining whether or not a Step Up Event or a Redemption Premium Event, as 
the case may be, shall occur in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
 
The occurrence of any such Redetermination Event may impact, positively or negatively, the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, which could 
in turn adversely affect the market price of the Notes and/or the reputation of the Group (see 
also “Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material 
impact on the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme and 
could expose the Group to reputational risks” below). 
 
Failure to satisfy the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition may have a material 
impact on the market price of any Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme 
and could expose the Group to reputational risks. 
 
Although the Issuer’s intention, on issue of any Sustainability-Linked Notes under the 
Programme, will be to reduce the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions, Natural Gas Emissions and to increase the Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles, there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in 
doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet 
investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  
 
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of Sustainability-Linked Notes and 
the price at which a holder of Sustainability-Linked Notes will be able to sell its Sustainability-
Linked Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder - See also 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure 
to assets with sustainability characteristics " above for a description of the risk that 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or 
other standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics.  
 
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition 
and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, 
and/or the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be, 
or any such similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any 
future financings would not only result in increased interest payments under Sustainability-
Linked Notes issued under the Programme or other relevant financing arrangements, but could 
also harm the Group’s reputation. Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in satisfying the Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or 
the Natural Gas Emissions Condition and/or the Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Condition, as the case may be, may become controversial or be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability 
key performance indicators. 
 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness may include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators such as Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions,Natural Gas Emissions and Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Condition (see “Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) which must be complied with 
by the Issuer, and in respect of which a Step Up Option or a Redemption Premium Option, as 
the case may be, applies, if applicable in the relevant Final Terms. The failure to meet any such 
sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest amounts under such 
Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of 
operations. 
 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF ALL NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to all Notes issued under the Programme: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
As provided under Article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the 
Noteholders may, by an Extraordinary Resolution passed by a specific majority, modify the 
Conditions of the Notes (these modifications may relate to, without limitation, the maturity of 
the Notes or the dates on which interest is payable on them; the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes; or the currency of payment of the Notes). These and other changes to the 
Conditions of the Notes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights and may adversely impact 
the market value of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell 
their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such 
a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not 
be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to 
a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur. 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of 
indebtedness which the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or 
winding-up of the Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness 
of the Issuer and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of unsecured senior indebtedness of 
the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In addition, the 
Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 3, do not contain any restriction on the 
giving of security by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. Where security has 
been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or 
winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other 
unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. In relation to the assets and 
indebtedness of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, see also “Risk Factors – The Issuer is a holding 
company, which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes” above.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders 
(including where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Notes that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during 
the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Withholding taxes. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged 
to make gross-up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected 
and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he 
will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. 
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes. 
The ratings which may be assigned to the Issuer or the Notes may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR, CMS 
Rate, Constant Maturity BTP Rate) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applies, subject to certain transitional provisions of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by 
the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. It is not possible to predict with certainty and to what extent the relevant 
benchmarks will be supported going forward. This may cause these benchmarks to perform 
differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance 
of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation reforms, as applicable, in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Workstreams have also been developed in Europe over recent years to reform EURIBOR using 
a hybrid methodology and to provide fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a 
euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 
September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB”) on 2 October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) and on 6 November 2019 such working group issued high-level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in contracts referencing EURIBOR, which include a 
recommendation that market participants incorporate fallback provisions in all new financial 
instruments and contracts referencing EURIBOR.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the EU 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmark 
Regulation as regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange Benchmarks 
and the designation of replacements for certain Benchmarks in cessation and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the European Commission to 
designate a replacement for Benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, 
where the cessation or wind-down of such a Benchmark might significantly disrupt the 
functioning of financial markets within the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement 
for a Benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in MiFID 
II that is subject to the law of a relevant state. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-country 
Benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025. On 10 
February 2021 the Council of the EU adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published 
in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain 
Benchmarks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator 
of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
The disappearance of a Benchmarks or changes in the manner of administration of a 
Benchmarks could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, 
discretionary valuation by the Calculation Agent, delisting (if listed) or other consequence in 
relation to Notes linked to such Benchmarks. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In particular, where the Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest in respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
or replacement). In circumstances where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither 
the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the 
Relevant Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to 
the Calculation Agent. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, or if the 2021 ISDA Definitions are specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions.  
Where any such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not 
submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may 
ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date before the Original Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that 
would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the 
value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4.5 (Benchmark discontinuation)) (which, 
amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) 
occurs, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The 
Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Independent Adviser determines that amendments to the Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or to comply 
with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 4.5(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments) of the Conditions.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the limited audited half year consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2024 (available at: https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-
attachments-
search/en/documenti/relazioni/2024/SNAM_2024_Half_Year_Financial_Report.pdf 
),which 
were reviewed by the independent auditors, including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 70 
Income Statement 
Page 71 
Comprehensive Income Statement  
Page 71 
Statement of Changes in Shareholder’s Equity 
Pages 72-73 
Cash flow statement 
Page 74 
Notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements 
Pages 75 to 119 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 121 to 122 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2023 (available at: https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments-
search/en/documenti/bilanci-annuali/2023/annual_report_2023.pdf  ), including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular: 
Financial Review – Adjusted Income Statement  
Pages 73 to 81 
Financial Review – Net financial debt 
Pages 87 to 88 
Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 506 to 507 
Income Statement 
Page 508 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 509 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Pages 510 to 511 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 512 to 513 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement 
Pages 514 to 616 
- 
Provisions for Risks and Charges 
Pages 565 to 566 
- 
Criminal and Tax Disputes and Proceedings with the 
Regulatory Authority Area 
Pages 588 to 594 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 618 to 625

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
on 
31 
December 
2022 
(available 
at: 
https://www.snam.it/export/sites/snam-
rp/repository/ENG_file/investor_relations/reports/annual_reports/2022/SNAM_2022_Annual_
Report.pdf ), including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Financial Review – Adjusted Income Statement  
Pages 147 to 155 
Financial Review – Net financial debt 
Pages 161 - 162 
Statement of Financial Position 
Pages 338 to 339 
Income Statement 
Page 340 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 341 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
Pages 342 to 343 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 344 to 345 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 346 to 440 
- 
Provisions for Risks and Charges 
Pages 397 - 398 
- 
Criminal and Tax Disputes and Proceedings with the Regulatory 
Authority Area 
Pages 416 to 420 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Pages 442 to 450 
 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 16 
November 2023, pages 82-133 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme (available at https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/programma-emtn-prospetto/Base-Prospectus-_2023-11-16.pdf ).   
Any non-incorporated parts of the previous Base Prospectus dated 16 November 2023 (exclusive of 
pages 82 to 133) are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (in accordance with 
Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in 
a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
Luxembourg, and are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.luxse.com and 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.snam.it/en/Investor_Relations/debt_credit_rating/limited-
liability/prospectus.html.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so, specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a “Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not 
be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to 
the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes which have an 
original maturity of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral rights to extend or rollover) 
and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or Coupons or Talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series 
with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, if applicable, a FISN and a CFI 
which are different from the common code and ISIN and, if applicable, a FISN and a CFI assigned to 
Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form 
a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Events of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of 
such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions 
of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the 
“Deed of Covenant”) dated 12 November 2024 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a supplement to the Base Prospectus, a new Base 
Prospectus or a drawdown prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]2 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]3 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[Date] 
Snam S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 8156002278562044AF79 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Sustainability-Linked Notes] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART 1 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplements] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplements] 
to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Issuer [and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer]. 
The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
 
2 
The reference to the UK MiFIR product governance legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are also not 
subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be 
situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.  
3 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 November 2023 which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the supplements] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 12 November 2024 [and the 
supplements] to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]]]. Copies of such Base Prospectus [and the 
supplements] to the Base Prospectus] are available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal 
business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. The Base Prospectus and, in 
the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the sub paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(as referred to under the introduction to 
the Terms & Conditions of the Notes) 
 
 
(c) 
Date 
in 
which 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date] / Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(as referred to under Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title)) 
(N.B. 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
EUR 
100,000 
(or 
equivalent).) 
 
 
(Note where multiple denominations above 
[euro 100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
“[euro 100,000] and integral multiples of 
[euro 1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [euro 199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [euro 199,000].”) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes and 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes) 
 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 4 
(Interest)) 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for example 
Zero Coupon Notes.) 
 
(c)        Trade Date: 
[●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or Zero Coupon Notes specify 
date/ Floating rate or Inflation Linked Notes 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●]% Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
 
 
[[[●] month EURIBOR] +/ [●]% Floating 
Rate[, subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
[Floating Rate: Constant Maturity BTP 
Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
(as referred to under Condition 6 (Redemption 
and Purchase)) 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100%]/[●]4% of their 
nominal amount5 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [date] paragraph [13/14] applies 
and for the period from (and including) 
[date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [13/14] applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
Conditions 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)), 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)), 6.5 
(Redemption following a Substantial Purchase 
Event (Clean-Up Call) and 6.6 (Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put))) 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained 
[●][and [●], respectively]] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 4.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes)) 
 
 
4 
Only applicable in case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes  
5 
Notes will always be redeemed at least 100% of the nominal value.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option]  
(If the Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option) [The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●]% 
per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below)] 
 
 
(If payable other than annually, consider 
amending Condition 4 (Interest)) 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form.) 
[●] per Calculation Amount[, subject to the 
Step Up Option] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable to 
Notes in definitive form.) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] (Only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The Notes are subject to the Step Up 
Option]/[The Notes are not subject to the Step 
Up Option] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below, not subject to any adjustment as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate]/[Constant Maturity BTP Rate]. 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Euro 
zone (where Euro zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)/New York/specify other 
Relevant Financial Centre] (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate) 
 
 
Reference Currency: [●] (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [●] (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate and for Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate) 
 
 
Specified Time: [●] in [●] (only relevant for 
CMS Reference Rate and for Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate) 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro or a Constant 
Maturity BTP Rate): [Second day on which 
the T2 is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is other than euro): 
[Second [specify type of day] prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes, 
specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
 
(In the case of Constant Maturity BTP Linked 
Interest Notes, specify relevant screen page[, 
which is expected to be Bloomberg page 
GBTPGRN Index, where N is the Designated 
Maturity,] and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
· 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest (if not the Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
· 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
· 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
· 
Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period. In the case of 
Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes 
or CMS Linked Interest Notes, if based on 
euro the first day of the Interest Period and if 
other, to be checked) 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA 
Determination 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
·           ISDA Definitions: 
[2006]/[2021] 
 
·          Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
           Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
·          Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
           Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
·          Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
           Index Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
(If the Notes are Sustainability-Linked Notes) 
[The Initial Margin is] [+/ ][●]% per annum 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 17 
below)] 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as 
referred 
to 
under 
Condition 6.5(c) 
(Redemption And Purchase - Early Redemption 
Amounts)) 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[●] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
16. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[CPI-ITL]/[HICP] 
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Reference Source(s): 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [●] 
 
(e) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Reference Month: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Cut Off Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(h) 
End Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[None] 
 
(j) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(k) 
DIR(0): 
[●] 
 
(l) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(m) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(n) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(p) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(q) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(r) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]%] 
 
(s) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(t) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention Set out in 
(u) below/, not subject to any adjustment as 
the Business Day Convention in (u) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(w) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
 
Actual/360

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
17. 
Step Up Option  
 [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage : [●] per cent.  
(iii) Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin: [[●] per cent. per 
annum/Cumulative Step Up Margin is 
applicable] 
 
 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage : [●] 
per cent.  
(iii) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum/Cumulative 
Step Up Margin is applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
Natural Gas Emissions Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Natural Gas Emissions Percentage: [●] 
per cent.  
(iii) Natural Gas Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin: [[●] per cent. per annum/Cumulative 
Step Up Margin is applicable] 
 
Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Target: [●] per cent.  
(iii) Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Event Step Up Margin: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/Cumulative Step Up 
Margin is applicable] 
 
Cumulative Step Up Event: 
[Applicable. [the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Natural Gas 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Event] shall be a Cumulative Step Up Event] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Cumulative Step Up Margin: 
[Applicable. [[●] per cent. per annum [upon 
the occurrence of the [first]/[second]/[●] 
Cumulative Step Up Event, if any]] /The 
aggregate of [Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event Step Up Margin] [and] [the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin] [and] [the Natural Gas Emissions 
Event Step Up Margin] [and] [the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Event Step Up Margin]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 6.3 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Make whole 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/any date 
from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [  ] (being the date that is 90 days 
prior to the Maturity Date)]/[and] [[  ] per 
Calculation Amount in the period (the “Par 
Call Period”) from and including [insert 
date] (the “Par Call Period Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding [date]] [and [[ ] per 
Calculation Amount] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ 
]/in the period from and including [date] to 
but excluding [date]] 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
 
 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
 
 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
 
 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) Par Call Period: 
[●] 
 
(c) Par Call Period Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: 
[●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: 
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 6.4 (Redemption 
at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put))) 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [●] days Maximum period: 
[●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing 
system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Inflation Index: 
[CPI-ITL]/[HICP] 
 
(b) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [●] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [●]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(d) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Reference Month: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Cut Off Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
End Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Hedging 
Disruption] 
 
 
[None] 
 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Redemption Amounts (if not the Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(j) 
DIR(0): 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(l) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(m) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(n) 
Redemption Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(o) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: 
[●]%  
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/(in the case of 
Inflation Linked Redemption Notes) as per 
Conditions 6.9 (Redemption of Inflation 
Linked 
Notes) 
and 
Condition 
6.10 
(Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption) 
 
(as referred to under Condition 6.1 (Redemption 
at maturity) and, in the case of Inflation Linked 
Notes, Conditions 6.9 (Redemption of Inflation 
Linked Notes) and 6.10 (Calculation of Inflation 
Linked Redemption)) 
 
24. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or pursuant to Condition 4.3 (Inflation 
Linked Note Provisions): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] / [As per 
Condition 6.5 (Early Redemption Amounts)

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25. 
(as referred to under Condition 6.5 (Early 
Redemption Amounts) and, in the case of 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes, 
Conditions 6.9 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and 6.10 
(Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption)) 
 
Redemption Premium Event: 
 
 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Natural Gas Emissions Event: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable](i) Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage: [●] per cent.  
(iii) Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Redemption Premium Amount: [ [●] 
per Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of 
a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Event]/Cumulative Redemption Premium 
Amount is applicable] 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation 
Date: [●] 
(ii) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage : [●] 
per cent.  
(iii) Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event 
Redemption Premium Amount: [[●] per 
Calculation Amount [at the occurrence of a 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event]/Cumulative 
Redemption Premium Amount is applicable] 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Event: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative Redemption Premium Event: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cumulative Redemption Premium Margin: 
(i) Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Natural Gas Emissions Percentage: [●] 
per cent.  
(iii) 
Natural 
Gas 
Emissions 
Event 
Redemption Premium: [[●] per Calculation 
Amount [at the occurrence of a Natural Gas 
Emissions Event]/Cumulative Redemption 
Premium Amount is applicable] 
 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Observation Date: [●] 
(ii) Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Target: [●] per cent.  
(iii) Women in Executive and Middle-
management 
Roles 
Event 
Redemption 
Premium: [[●] per Calculation Amount [at 
the occurrence of a Women in Executive and 
Middle-management 
Roles 
Event]/Cumulative Redemption Premium 
Amount is applicable] 
 
[Applicable. [the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Natural Gas 
Emissions Event] [and] [the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Event] shall be a Cumulative Redemption 
Premium Event] / [Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. [[●] per Calculation Amount 
[upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
[first]/[second]/[●] Cumulative Redemption 
Premium Event, if any]] /The aggregate of 
[Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event 
Redemption Premium Amount] [and] [the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Redemption

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Premium Amount] [and] [the Natural Gas 
Emissions Event Redemption Premium 
Amount] [and] [the Women in Executive and 
Middle-management 
Roles 
Event 
Redemption Premium Amount]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event/at 
any time at the request of the Issuer]] 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the 
wording in the “Form of the Notes” section 
in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves. 
N.B. 
The 
exchange 
upon 
notice/at any time options should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 
includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[euro 100,000] and integral 
multiples of [euro 1,000] in excess thereof up 
to 
and 
including 
[euro 
199,000].” 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to 
any issue of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)] 
 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(as referred to under Condition 5.5 (Payment 
Day))

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
of payment and not Interest Period end dates 
to which subparagraph 14(c) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
(as referred to under the Introduction to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information in relation to the Notes] has been extracted from [specify source]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Snam S.p.A. 
[●] 
By: 
[●] 
Duly authorised

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
PART 2 
OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and listing on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [Borsa 
Italiana’s regulated Mercato Telematico delle 
Obbligazioni market and listing on Borsa 
Italiana] with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and listing on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] / [Borsa 
Italiana’s regulated Mercato Telematico delle 
Obbligazioni market and listing on Borsa 
Italiana] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].]/ 
[Not 
Applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable.] / [The Notes to be issued 
[have been]/[are expected to be] rated:]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally:] 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].] 
(Include brief explanation of rating if 
available) 
Each of [Insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is established in the 
[European Union] / [United Kingdom] and is 
registered 
under[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] 
/ 
[Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)].

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] and 
has applied for registration under [the EU CRA 
Regulation]/[UK CRA Regulation], although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] 
and has not applied for registration under the 
[EU CRA Regulation]/[ UK CRA Regulation] 
but the rating issued by it is endorsed by [insert 
endorsing credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union and [is 
registered under the [EU / UK] CRA 
Regulation] [has applied for registration under 
the [EU / UK] CRA Regulation, although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority].] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] 
and has not applied for registration under [the 
EU CRA Regulation]/[UK CRA Regulation] 
but is certified in accordance with the [EU / 
UK] CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the [European Union]/[United Kingdom] and 
is 
registered 
under 
[the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation]/[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)] and 
the rating given by it is not endorsed by a 
Credit Rating Agency established in the 
[European Union ]/[United Kingdom] and 
registered under the [EU / UK] CRA 
Regulation.] 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the [United Kingdom]/[insert] and is 
[registered 
with 
the 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority in accordance with] / [the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [UK-
based credit rating agency] registered with the 
FCA in accordance with] / [certified under] 
[the UK Credit Rating Agencies Regulation, as 
amended by the Credit Rating Agencies

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019]]6 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[As set out under “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Base Prospectus] 
/  
[The net proceeds of the issuance of Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer to finance or refinance, 
in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, as 
set forth in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus and as further specified in the 
Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework]  
(Applicable only in case of securities to be 
classified as Green Bonds. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATE (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/Constant Maturity BTP] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER VARIABLE AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON 
VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS* 
 
6 
Insert for Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EU/UK and which have been assigned a rating.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(N.B. Specify “Not Applicable” unless the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery 
obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Prospectus Commission Delegated 
Regulation applies)  
(i) 
The final reference price of the 
underlying: 
[[As set out in Condition 4.2(C) (Interest - 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes - Rate of Interest - 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes)/As set out in 
Condition 6.10 (Calculation of Inflation 
Linked Redemption)]/[Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
An indication where information about 
the past and the further performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be obtained 
[[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
The name of the index: 
[[CPI ITL/HICP] as defined in Annex 1 to the 
Base Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
The place where information about the 
index can be obtained: 
[[Bloomberg 
Page 
ITCPIUNR 
or 
its 
replacement / Eurostat’s internet site]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)] 
* Required for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to 
which Annex 17 to the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation applies. 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(c) 
CFI7: 
[[●]/As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN] 
(d) 
FISN8: 
[[●]/[As set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
7 
CFI means “Classification of Financial Instruments”.  
8 
FISN means “Financial Instrument Short Name”.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
9. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
10. 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 13 
(Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through 
the clearing systems will be deemed to have 
been given on the [second] [business] day after 
the day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
11. 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
12. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
If non syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(g) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be referred to as the relevant Terms 
and Conditions applicable to each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note. Reference should be made to the “Forms of Final Terms” for a description of the content 
of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Snam S.p.A. (the “Issuer”) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”) dated 12 November 2024 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the 
“Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 1 of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part 1 of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed 
of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of 
Covenant”) dated 12 November 2024 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined below).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies thereof are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be obtained 
from those offices. If this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency 
(the 
“Specified 
Currency”) 
and 
the 
denominations 
(the 
“Specified 
Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Inflation 
Linked Note (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note or a combination of the two) or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and 
the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any 
Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the 
next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) 
and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in Part 2 of the applicable Final Terms. 
2 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none 
of its Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security upon the whole or any 
part of the assets or revenues, present or future, of the Issuer and/or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries to secure any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Encumbrances, unless: 
(i) 
the same Security shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to secure all 
amounts payable under the Notes and any related Coupons; or 
(ii) 
such other Security or guarantee (or other arrangement) as shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement), shall 
previously have been or shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to 
secure all amounts payable under the Notes and any related Coupons. 
As used herein: 
“Group” or “Snam Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed money which is in the 
form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities and which is or are 
intended to be quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over the counter or 
regulated securities market; 
“Material Subsidiary” means any consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent not less than 15% of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary 
and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately before the transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary of the Issuer.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
A report by two officers of the Issuer stating that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties; 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means: 
(a) 
any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result 
of any action taken by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes, including any 
extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or 
replacements), as a whole or in part, of any Security referred to in this paragraph, or of 
any Indebtedness secured thereby; provided that the principal amount of Indebtedness 
secured thereby shall not exceed the principal amount of Indebtedness so secured at the 
time of such extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or 
replacement Security shall be limited to all or any part of the same property or shares 
of stock that secured the Indebtedness extended, renewed or replaced (plus 
improvements on such property), or property received or shares of stock issued in 
substitution or exchange therefor; or 
(c) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into a Material Subsidiary or the Issuer after the date of 
issuance of the Notes, any Security existing over such entity’s assets at the time it 
becomes (or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group, 
provided that the Security was not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, 
its becoming (or being merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the 
Group and provided further that the amounts secured have not been increased in 
contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming (or is merged, consolidated or 
amalgamated into) such member of the Group; or 
(d) 
any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(e) 
any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited recourse 
financing, factoring, securitisation, asset backed commercial paper programme or other 
like arrangement where the payment obligations in respect of the Indebtedness secured 
by the relevant Security are to be discharged solely from the revenues generated by the 
assets over which such Security is created (including, without limitation, receivables); 
or 
(f) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset acquired by the 
person creating the Security and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re financing that acquisition, provided that the principal amount 
of such Indebtedness so secured does not exceed the overall cost of that acquisition; or 
(g) 
any Security created after the date of issuance of the Notes on any asset improved, 
constructed, altered or repaired and securing only Indebtedness incurred for the sole 
purpose of financing or re financing such improvement, construction, alteration or 
repair, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness so secured does not 
exceed the overall cost of that improvement, construction, alteration or repair; or 
(h) 
any Security that does not fall within subparagraphs (a) to (g) above and that secures 
Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Indebtedness secured by all other Security 
permitted under this subparagraph, does not exceed 5% of the Regulatory Asset Base 
of the Group as at the date of the creation of the Security;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any present or future Indebtedness incurred in 
financing or refinancing the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets, whether or not an asset of a member of the 
Group: 
(a) 
which is incurred by a Project Finance Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which the Person or Persons to whom any such Indebtedness is or may be 
owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a member of the Group) has or have no 
recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other than: 
(i) recourse for amounts limited to the cash flow or the net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset or assets or the 
income or other proceeds deriving therefrom; and/or 
(ii) recourse for the purpose only of enabling amounts to be claimed in respect of 
such Indebtedness in an enforcement of any Security given by such borrower 
over such asset or assets or the income, cash flow or other proceeds, deriving 
therefrom (or given by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares 
or the like in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Indebtedness, 
provided that (a) the extent of such recourse is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries 
made on any such enforcement, and (b) such Person or Persons is or are not entitled, by virtue 
of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such Indebtedness, to commence any 
proceedings of whatever nature against any member of the Group (other than a Project Finance 
Subsidiary) and (c) an equity contribution in the borrower by the Issuer or Material Subsidiary, 
according to the then project finance market standard, shall not be deemed as a “recourse” to 
the relevant member of the Group; 
“Project Finance Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer either: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
which is a single purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, construction, development, leasing, 
maintenance and/or operation of an asset or assets; and 
(ii) 
none of whose Indebtedness in respect of the financing of such ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development, leasing, maintenance and/or operation 
of an asset or assets is subject to any recourse whatsoever to any member of the 
Group (other than such Subsidiary or another Project Finance Subsidiary) in 
respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly referred to in subparagraph 
(b)(ii) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
at least 70% in principal amount of whose Indebtedness is Project Finance 
Indebtedness; 
“Regulatory Asset Base” means the regulated assets of the Group the value of which is 
determined by reference to the net capital invested in assets (capitale investito netto) as

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
calculated by reference to applicable ARERA Regulations and on the basis of which gas 
transportation, storage, regasification, distribution tariffs are determined by ARERA; 
“Security” means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest; 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the second Person is held 
by the first Person; or 
(b) 
in which the first Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the first Person a 
dominant influence in ordinary shareholders’ meetings of the second Person; or 
(c) 
whose accounts are required to be consolidated with those of the first Person pursuant 
to article 26 of Law 127 of 1991; 
in the case of (a) and (b), pursuant to the provisions of Article 2359, first paragraph, no. 1 and 
No. 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
4 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount, subject to the Step Up 
Option. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant Payment Date if the Notes become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount, 
subject to the Step Up Option or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant 
figure (including after the application of any Fixed Coupon Amount, subject to the Step Up 
Option or Broken Amount to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes (in 
definitive form)) shall be rounded to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30 day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
“sub unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(A)(ii) 
(Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes Interest 
Payment Dates) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor or replacement for that system (the “T2”) is open. 
(B) 
Rate of Interest Floating Rate Notes 
 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating (I) unless “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA 
Definitions”) (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); or (II) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each 
as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org), on the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
 
In connection with any Compounding/Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA definitions to: 
- “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
- “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
- “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
- “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
- “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and 
- if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication– 
Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day's Rate”. 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant Maturity 
BTP Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) the offered quotation; or 
(ii) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro zone interbank market or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro zone interbank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this paragraph (A) of Condition 4.2, “Reference Banks” 
means the institutions who have agreed to be named as such and as so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none, the institutions selected by the Issuer in the 
interbank market with the consent of such institutions; 
“Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(B) Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula where CMS Reference 
Rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the 
Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, after eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (B) of Condition 4.2: 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the interbank market, (ii) where the

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London interbank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City interbank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Relevant Screen Page” and “Specified 
Time” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means: 
(i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the midmarket annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the 
Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-BBA (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or (B) if the 
Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-BBA with a designated 
maturity of three months; 
(iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-BBA 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three 
months; and 
(iv) where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(C) Floating Rate Notes which are Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Constant Maturity 
BTP Rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the gross 
yield before taxes of Italian government bonds with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) is not available, 
the Constant Maturity BTP Rate for such Interest Determination Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as the gross yield before taxes based on the mid market price 
for Italian government bonds with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, or as 
close to the Designated Maturity as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, and in a Representative Amount at the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question and shall be the arithmetic mean of 
quotations obtained from three Constant Maturity BTP Reference Banks selected 
by the Issuer (from five such Constant Maturity BTP Reference Banks after 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest)). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Constant 
Maturity BTP Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with quotations for 
such prices as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Constant Maturity BTP 
Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such 
commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (C) of Condition 4.2: 
“Constant Maturity BTP Reference Bank” means the principal office of any 
“Specialist in Italian Government Bonds” included in the “List of Specialists in 
Government Bonds” (Elenco Specialisti in Titoli di Stato) published by the 
Department of Treasury (Dipartimento del Tesoro) from time to time. 
“Designated Maturity”, “Margin”, “Relevant Screen Page” and “Specified 
Time” shall have the meaning given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(C) 
Rate of Interest Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Rate of Interest   = 
[Rate Multipier] *  ( 
DIR(t) 
DIR(0) ) 
 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of paragraph 
(D) below of Condition 4.2 (Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes - Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) shall apply as 
appropriate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
The Rate of Interest and the result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Definitions  
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Day of Month” means the actual number of days since the start of the relevant month; 
“Days in Month” means the number of days in the relevant month; 
“DIR(0)” means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms and being the value as 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (where month “t” is the month and year in 
which the Trade Date falls): 
DIR(0) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 2) - 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth - 1)/DaysInMonth],  
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“DIR(t)” means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month “t”, the value 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
DIR(t) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t Lookback Period 2) - 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth - 1)/DaysInMonth], 
rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
“Inflation Index” means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex I to this Base Prospectus 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Inflation Index (t Lookback Period 1)” means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 1 prior to the month (t) in which the 
relevant Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
“Inflation Index (t Lookback Period 2)” means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 2 prior to the month in which the relevant 
Specified Interest Payment Date falls; and 
“Rate Multiplier” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if 
Rate Multiplier is specified as “Not Applicable”, the Rate Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal 
to one.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(D) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or paragraph (C) above is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above or paragraph (C) above is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
(E) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, other than CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest Notes, and the Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes and Constant Maturity BTP Linked Interest 
Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. In the case of Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
Constant Maturity BTP Linked. 
Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent 
of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period promptly after calculating the same. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In the case of Inflation Linked Interest Notes, if an Initial Ratio Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applicable, the amount payable on the first Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall be 
the sum of the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date) plus an amount equal to 
the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(t)/DIR(0) (or in the event the Interest 
Amount referred to above is calculated in respect of Notes in definitive form, a pro rata 
proportion of such amount) (such sum shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent 
with half a euro cent being rounded upwards).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non leap year divided by 
365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and Di is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360x(Y2 −Y1)] + [30x(M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case Di will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Initial Ratio Amount” means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
(F) 
Linear Interpolation 
 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
“Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate; and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
 
 
(G) 
Compounding 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: (I) Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; (II) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or (III) Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (z) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(H) 
Averaging 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: (I) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant Final Terms; (II) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or (III) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(I) 
Index Provisions 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) shall be applicable and, (I) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (II) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(J) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business in London. 
(K) 
Certificates to be final 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 (Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes), whether by the Agent, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or non exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
4.3.1 
Definitions 
For the purposes of Inflation Linked Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation 
Index or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the 
Issuer, any of its affiliates or any other Hedging Party). 
“Cut Off Date” means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior 
to any due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant 
Determination Date is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
“Delayed Index Level Event” means, in respect of any Determination Date and an 
Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce 
the level of such Inflation Index (the “Relevant Level”) in respect of any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Issuer in respect of such Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut Off 
Date. 
“Determination Date” means each of the Interest Determination Date and the 
Redemption Determination Date, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“End Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fallback Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the 
Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of 
inflation the relevant Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date 
which falls on (a) the End Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such bond maturing on the End Date, 
or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is 
selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates to the level of 
inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback 
Bond from those inflation linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there 
is more than one inflation linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond 
shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond 
redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but 
notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all eligible bonds in 
issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the 
redeemed bond is exchanged). 
“Hedging Disruption” means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Hedging Party” means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any 
other party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, 
foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. 
“Inflation Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that 
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index 
which, as of the Issue Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Redemption Determination Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, if applicable. 
“Reference Month” means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation 
Index is reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this 
information is published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the 
period for which the Relevant Level is reported. 
“Related Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is “Fallback Bond”, then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent 
shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Related Bond and “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the 
applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the End Date (i) unless 
“Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination and 
(ii) if “Fallback Bond: Not Applicable” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there 
will be no Related Bond. 
“Relevant Level” has the meaning set out in the definition of “Delayed Index Level 
Event” above. 
4.3.2 
Inflation Index delay and disruption provisions 
(A) 
Delay in publication 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to 
such Delayed Index Level Event (the “Substitute Index Level”) shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if “Related Bond” is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) “Related Bond” is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
 Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level), 
 in each case as of such Determination Date,

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 where: 
“Base Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 
4.3.2. 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or 
after the relevant Cut off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 
4.3.2 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the “Successor Inflation Index”) (in 
lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked 
Notes by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption has been designated by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.3), a successor inflation index has 
been designated by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, such successor inflation index shall be designated 
a “Successor Inflation Index” notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation 
Index may previously have been determined under paragraphs (B)(ii), (B)(iii) or 
(B)(iv) below of Condition 4.3.2; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (B)(i) 
above of Condition 4.3.2, and a notice has been given or an announcement has 
been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Inflation Linked 
Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraphs 
(B)(i) or (B)(ii) above of Condition 4.3.2, the Calculation Agent shall ask five 
leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Index should be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the “Successor Inflation Index”. If three responses are 
received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this 
index will be deemed the “Successor Inflation Index”. If fewer than three responses 
are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this 
paragraph (B)(iii) of Condition 4.3.2, the Calculation Agent will proceed to 
paragraph (B)(iv) below of Condition 4.3.2; or 
(iv) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under 
paragraphs (B)(i), (B)(ii) or (B)(iii) above of Condition 4.3.2 by the next occurring 
Cut Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an 
appropriate alternative index from such Cut Off Date, and such index will be 
deemed a “Successor Inflation Index”; or 
(v) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation 
index to Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at 
the Early Redemption Amount. 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased 
at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for 
the purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are 
made by the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
the Related Bond, if “Related Bond” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the 
same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if “Related Bond” 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels 
reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material modification prior to last occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments, if “Related Bond” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if 
“Related Bond” is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those 
adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue 
as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is fifteen (15) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date, if, within thirty 
(30) calendar days of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation 
Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such 
adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to 
account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such adjustments in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuer may at its option: 
(a) 
make any adjustment or adjustments to the payment or any other term or 
condition of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; and/or 
(b) 
redeem all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes on the date notified by 
the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount, as at the date 
of redemption, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. 
4.3.3 
Inflation Index disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation 
Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the 
Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence 
or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation 
Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with 
the Notes. The Issuer shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to 
act by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or 
maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates have any affiliation 
with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or any control 
over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. Although 
the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index from 
publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information 
concerning the Inflation Index. 
4.4 
Accrual of interest 
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.5 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.5(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.5(d)) shall apply. 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4.5 shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.5. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.5(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate 
of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this 
Condition 4.5(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.5); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall be subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 4.5). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If 
the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.5 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.5(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.5(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.5 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be binding and irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.5 (a), (b), (c) and (d), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(B) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4.5: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); or 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied) the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.5(b) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will 
be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying 
market or may no longer be used, in each case in circumstances where the same shall 
be applicable to the Notes. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate experience in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.5(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.6 
Step Up Option  
This Condition 4.6 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Step Up Option is applicable (the “Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest or, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin(s) specified in the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up 
Events shall apply in respect of each Series of Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes and the relevant 
Step Up Margin in respect of each such event.  
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Step Up Event is applicable (comprising 
more than one Step Up Event), upon the occurrence of any Step Up Event comprising the 
Cumulative Step Up Event the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial 
Margin shall be increased by the Cumulative Step Up Margin from the next following Interest 
Period.  
If the Final Terms specifies that more than one Step Up Event is applicable and specifies that a 
Cumulative Step Up Event is not applicable, upon the occurrence of all or a combination of any Step 
Up Event so specified, the Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin 
shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin for such Step Up Event from the next following 
Interest Period.   
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of (i) a Step Up Event, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (ii) satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition, as the case 
may be, to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders as 
soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in respect of the relevant Step Up Event, 
no later than the relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of Interest applicable for the following Interest Period.  
The Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up Event has 
occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
In these Conditions: 
“Annual Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) (Available Information); 
“Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) 
(Available Information); 
“CO2” means carbon dioxide; 
“CO2eq” means carbon dioxide equivalent; 
“Concession” means a concession, an authorisation or other statutory provision or an 
administrative instrument, whether or not documented in a contract, or similar arrangements, 
pursuant to which an entity is entrusted by one or more public national or local authorities or 
entities (such as, inter alios, ministries or municipalities) with the management of public 
services (servizi pubblici pursuant to Italian law) and/or public utility services/activities (servizi 
di pubblica utilità/opera di pubblica utilità pursuant to Italian law); 
“Cumulative Step Up Event” means, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Step Up 
Option is applicable, the occurrence of all or a combination of (a) a Natural Gas Emissions 
Event; and/or (b) a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event and/or (c) a Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event and/or (d) a Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Event, as 
indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as so specified as being 
the Cumulative Step Up Event in the relevant Final Terms, it being understood that the 
occurrence of any such event shall not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default under 
these Conditions;

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
“Cumulative Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Cumulative Step Up Margin; 
“ESG Group” means (i) the Issuer; (ii) Snam Rete Gas S.p.A.; (iii) Stogit S.p.A.; (iv) Greenture 
S.p.A.; (v) Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.; (vi) Renovit Business Solutions S.r.l.; (vii) GNL Italia S.p.A.; 
(viii) Cubogas S.r.l.; (ix) Bioenerys Ambiente S.r.l.; (x) Snam International B.V.; and (xi) 
Gasrule Ltd; 
“Executive and Middle-management Roles” means roles in the executive management of the 
ESG Group, consisting of (i) C-level positions, (ii) executive vice presidents (EVPs) and (iii) 
middle management (including directors, executives and managers); 
“External Verifier” means any qualified provider of third party assurance or attestation 
services or other independent expert of internationally recognised standing appointed by the 
Issuer, in each case with the expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be 
performed by the External Verifier under these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the 
Issuer; 
“GHG” means greenhouse gases, being gases which absorb and emit radiation in the 
atmosphere contributing to the greenhouse effect, including (among others) CO2, methane 
(CH4), and nitrous oxide (N2O); 
“GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates” means the international guidance and standards on 
greenhouse gas emissions accounting established by the GHG Protocol; 
“Initial Margin” is the Margin applicable on the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” is the Rate of Interest applicable on the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“IPCC Reporting Instructions” means the instructions issued by the most recent 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change "Sixth Assessment IPCC Reports" that assigned 
methane a Global Warming Potential (GWP) of 29.8; 
“Natural Gas” means methane (CH4); 
“Mm3” means million cubic metres; 
“Natural Gas Emissions” means the amount of the Regulated Group’s Scope 1 Natural Gas 
Emissions, as at the end of the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference Period and calculated 
in good faith by the Issuer, reported in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, which 
is subject to assurance by the External Verifier and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure, in each case, published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13(A) 
(Available Information); 
“Natural Gas Emissions Baseline” means 49.74 Mm3, being the sum of the Natural Gas Emissions 
for the period beginning on 1 January 2015 and ending on 31 December 2015, or if notified by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) following a Redetermination Event, the New 
Natural Gas Emissions Baseline;  
“Natural Gas Emissions Condition” means that (i) the percentage reduction in Natural Gas 
Emissions as at the Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date compared to the Natural Gas Emissions

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Baseline was equal to or higher than the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage and (ii) the Consolidated 
Non-Financial Disclosure, and the related Verification Assurance Report as at the Natural Gas 
Emissions Observation Date has been published on the Issuer’s website by no later than the relevant 
Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline; 
“Natural Gas Emissions Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Natural Gas Emissions 
Condition, provided that no Natural Gas Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the 
Issuer to satisfy the Natural Gas Emissions Condition due to: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules 
and guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Regulated Group’s business, 
or a decision of a competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact 
on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Natural Gas Emissions Condition as at the 
Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date; and/or 
(b) 
any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being amended, 
revoked or terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration 
date (and such revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with 
its terms) or the relevant expiration date being shortened, which has a direct 
and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability to satisfy the Natural Gas 
Emissions Condition as at the Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date, 
in each case, as notified by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), on or prior to the Natural 
Gas Emissions Observation Date; 
“Natural Gas Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Natural Gas Emissions Event Step Up Margin; 
“Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date; 
“Natural Gas Emissions Percentage” means the percentage reduction of Natural Gas 
Emissions compared to the Natural Gas Emissions Baseline, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage or, if notified by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) following a Redetermination Event, the New Natural Gas 
Emissions Percentage; 
“New Natural Gas Emissions Baseline” means, following the occurrence of a Redetermination 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Natural Gas Emissions, the new baseline, in 
Mm3, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its methodology, and disclosed 
in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the Natural Gas Emissions 
Baseline as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and any reference to the 
Natural Gas Emissions Baseline in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the New Natural Gas Emissions Baseline, it being understood that in the absence of such disclosure 
in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Natural Gas Emissions Baseline shall 
continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Natural Gas Emissions Baseline as 
a result of the Redetermination Event; 
 “New Natural Gas Emissions Percentage” means, following the occurrence of a Redetermination 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Natural Gas Emissions, the new percentage,

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its methodology, and disclosed in the 
relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage 
as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and any reference to the Natural Gas 
Emissions Percentage in the relevant Final Terms thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
New Natural Gas Emissions Percentage, it being understood that in the absence of such disclosure 
in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage shall 
continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage 
as a result of the Redetermination Event; 
“New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline” means, following the occurrence of a 
Redetermination Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions, the new baseline, in tCO2e, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance 
with its methodology, and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall 
replace the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline as at the date of such Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure, and any reference to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline in 
these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Baseline, it being understood that in the absence of such disclosure in the relevant 
Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline shall 
continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Baseline as a result of the Redetermination Event; 
“New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage” means, following the occurrence of a 
Redetermination Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions, the new percentage, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its 
methodology, and disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial 
Disclosure, and any reference to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage in these 
Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Percentage, it being understood that in the absence of such disclosure in the relevant 
Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage shall 
continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage as a result of the Redetermination Event; 
“New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline” means, following the occurrence of a Redetermination 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, the new baseline, 
in tCO2e, recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its methodology, and 
disclosed in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Baseline as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and any reference 
to the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline, it being understood that in the absence of 
such disclosure in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Baseline shall continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Baseline as a result of the Redetermination Event;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
“New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage” means, following the occurrence of a Redetermination 
Event that results in a recalculation by the Issuer of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, the new percentage, 
recalculated in good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with its methodology, and disclosed in the 
relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13(A) (Available Information), which shall replace the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage as at the date of such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and any reference to the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage, it being understood that in the absence of such 
disclosure in the relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage shall continue to apply and therefore no change shall be made to the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Percentage as a result of the Redetermination Event; 
“Observation Date” means the Natural Gas Emissions Observation Date and/or the Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date, 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“OGMP” means the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership, a global voluntary initiative joined by the 
Issuer in November 2020;  
“Redetermination Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a change of methodology used to calculate the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions and/or the Natural Gas Emissions 
following (i) a significant change in data due to better data accessibility or the 
discovery of data errors or (ii) a change to the applicable standards or protocols;   
(b) 
an event which results in a significant structural change to the Regulated Group 
due to an acquisition, divestiture, merger or demerger, a disposal, a sale of assets, 
green field project, or other restructuring; or 
(c) 
any amendment to any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and policies 
relating to the business of the Regulated Group, 
which, individually or in aggregate, accounts for an increase or a decrease of 5 per cent. or more of 
(i) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions; and/or (ii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage; and/or (iii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline; and/or (iv) the Scope 3 
GHG Emissions; and/or (v) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage; and/or (vi) the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Baseline; and/or (vii) the Natural Gas Emissions; and/or (viii) the Natural Gas Emissions 
Percentage and/or (ix) the Natural Gas Emissions Baseline, as the case may be, in each case as 
compared to the corresponding data as last published by the Issuer; or 
(d) 
any change to the methodology or basis used to calculate (i) the Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions; and/or (ii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage; 
and/or (iii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline; and/or (iv) the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions; and/or (v) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage; 
and/or (vi) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline; and/or (vii) the Natural Gas 
Emissions; and/or (viii) the Natural Gas Emissions Percentage and/or (ix) the 
Natural Gas Emissions Baseline, as the case may be, as a result of the availability 
of external validation or benchmarks, 
whereby, following any such event, the Issuer may, acting in good faith and in accordance with its 
methodology, redetermine (including on a pro forma basis) (i) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Emissions, (ii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, (iii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG Emissions Baseline, (iv) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions, (v) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage, (vi) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline, (vii) the Natural Gas Emissions, (viii) the 
Natural Gas Emissions Percentage or (ix) the Natural Gas Emissions Baseline , as the case may be, 
to reflect such event, provided that, following the occurrence of any such event, and before the new 
percentage or baseline, as the case may be, is used for the purposes of calculating the relevant Step 
Up Event or Redemption Premium Event, an External Verifier confirms in writing to the Issuer that 
such Redetermination Event: 
(i) 
is consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy; and 
(ii) 
is in line or more ambitious than the Issuer’s initial targets, 
 and notice of such confirmation is provided to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices) 
and, at the same time, such notice is published on the Issuer’s website together with the relevant 
Verification Assurance Report; 
 “Regulated Group” means: (i) the Issuer; (ii) Snam Rete Gas S.p.A; (iii) Infrastrutture Trasporto 
Gas S.p.A.; (iv) GNL Italia S.p.A.; (v) Stogit S.p.A.; (vi) Enura S.p.A; and (v) Snam FSRU Italia 
S.r.l. In addition, CO2 emissions from FSRUs will be included in the baseline on an ex-post basis 
once a full year of operation will be available. It should be noted that the following business lines 
are excluded: energy efficiency, biomethane, sustainable mobility; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions” means the GHG emissions which are released into 
the atmosphere which occur from sources that are owned by and operated by the Regulated 
Group, and which, (A) in the case of scope 1 GHG emissions, are derived from the following 
sources: (i) methane emissions resulting from the Issuer’s businesses such as transport, storage 
and regasification; (ii) emissions due to the Issuer’s direct consumptions, such as natural gas 
used in the combustion of industrial processes and for heating offices, and other fuels such as 
diesel oil, gasoline and LPG; and (iii) emissions of HFC used in air conditioning systems; and 
(B) in the case of scope 2 GHG emissions, are derived from indirect energy emissions resulting 
from the production of electricity and steam produced by third parties and which the Issuer uses 
for its own activities, calculated on a market-based approach, in each case determined in good 
faith by the Issuer and in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates, for any 
fiscal year, expressed as a total amount in tCO2e; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline” means 1,451 ktCO2, being the sum of the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2022 and ending 
on 31 December 2022 or, if notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
following a Redetermination Event, the New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline;  
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition” means that (i) the percentage reduction in 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions as at the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date compared to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline was equal to 
or higher than the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage and (ii) the Consolidated 
Non-Financial Disclosure, and the related Verification Assurance Report as at the Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date has been published on the Issuer’s website by no 
later than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions Condition due to: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Regulated Group’s business, or a decision 
of a competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability 
to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition as at the Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date; and/or 
(b) 
any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being amended, revoked or 
terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date (and such 
revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the relevant 
expiration date being shortened, which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s 
ability to satisfy the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition as at the Scope 1 
and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date, 
in each case, as notified by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), on or prior to the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Step Up 
Margin; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage” means the percentage reduction of Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions compared to the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Baseline, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage or, if notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) following a 
Redetermination Event, the New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions” means the GHG emissions which are released into the atmosphere 
along the value chain of the Regulated Group and which are derived from the following sources: 
(i) supply chain (included purchased goods and services, capital goods, upstream transportation 
and distribution, waste generated in operations and upstream leased assets) (ii) associates 
(including investments); and (iii) other emissions (including (a) fuel-and-energy-related 
activities (which are not otherwise included as part of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions), 
(b) business travel; and (c) employee commuting), in each case determined in good faith by the 
Issuer and in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates, for any fiscal year, 
expressed as a total amount in tCO2e;  
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline” means 1,434 ktCO2 eq, being the sum of the Scope 3 
GHG Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2022 
or, if notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) following a 
Redetermination Event, the New Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline;

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition” means that (i) the percentage reduction in Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions as at the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date compared to the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Baseline was equal to or higher than the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage and 
(ii) the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and the related Verification Assurance Report 
as at the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date has been published on the Issuer’s website 
by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event” means the failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition, provided that no Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event shall occur in case of the 
failure of the Issuer to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition due to: 
(a) 
an amendment to, or change in, any applicable policies, laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines applicable to and/or relating to the Regulated Group’s business, or a decision 
of a competent authority which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s ability 
to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition as at the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date; and/or 
(b) 
any Concession granted to the Issuer and/or its Subsidiaries being amended, revoked or 
terminated for any reason whatsoever prior to the relevant expiration date (and such 
revocation or termination becomes effective in accordance with its terms) or the relevant 
expiration date being shortened, which has a direct and/or indirect impact on the Issuer’s 
ability to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition as at the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date, 
in each case, as notified by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Notices), on or prior to the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Date; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage” means the percentage reduction of Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions compared to the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Baseline, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage or, if notified by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) following a Redetermination Event, the New Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Percentage;  
“Scope 1 Natural Gas Emissions” means the Natural Gas emissions which are released into 
the atmosphere which occur from sources that are owned by and operated by the Regulated 
Group and which are derived from plant operations, the connection of new gas pipelines and 
maintenance activities, or which result from accidental spillages, in each case determined in 
good faith by the Issuer and in accordance with the UNEP Protocol’s Reporting Standards, for 
any fiscal year, expressed as a total amount in Mm3 and subsequently converted into CO2eq in 
accordance with the IPCC Reporting Instructions; 
“Step Up Event” means if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Step Up Option is 
applicable, the occurrence of (i) a Natural Gas Emissions Event; and/or (ii) a Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions Event; and/or (iii) a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event and/or (iv) a Women in

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Executive and Middle-management Roles Event; and/or (v) a Cumulative Step Up Event, as 
indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, each such event, the “relevant Step Up 
Event”; 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes Notification Deadline” means: 
(i) 
in respect of the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, the date on which the Issuer is 
required to publish the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and the Verification 
Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Natural Gas Emissions 
Observation Date; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition, the date on which the 
Issuer is required to publish the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and the 
Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG Emissions Observation Date; and  
(iii) 
in respect of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, the date on which the Issuer is 
required to publish the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and the Verification 
Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Observation Date; and 
(iv) 
in respect of the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, the 
date on which the Issuer is required to publish the Consolidated Non-Financial 
Disclosure and the Verification Assurance Report as at and for the year ending on the 
Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Observation Date; 
“Step Up Margin” means (i) in respect of a Natural Gas Emissions Event, the Natural Gas 
Emissions Event Step Up Margin; (ii) in respect of a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event, 
the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin; (iii) in respect of a Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step Up Margin (iv) in respect of a Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles Event, the Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Event Step Up Margin and (v) in respect of any Step Up Event comprising a Cumulative Step 
Up Event the Cumulative Step Up Margin, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and, each such margin, the “relevant Step Up Margin” 
“Sustainability-Linked Note Condition” means any or all of (i) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or (ii) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or (iii) the Natural Gas 
Emissions Condition  and/or (iv) the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Condition, as may be applicable in correspondence with the relevant Step Up Event specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Sustainability-Linked Notes” means the Notes which are Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes 
and/or Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, as applicable; 
“Sustainability Performance Reference Period” means the fiscal year of the Group ending 
31 December of each year, starting from the end of the first fiscal year following the Issue Date; 
“Sustainability Performance Reporting Deadline” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
13(A) (Available Information);

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
“tCO2e” means the sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions or, as the case may be, Scope 3 
GHG Emissions during a given period, measured in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, 
according to the GHG Protocol Standard for Corporates ; 
 “Total Executive and Middle-management Roles” means the total number of people in Executive 
and Middle-management Roles; 
“UNEP Protocol’s Reporting Standards” means the international guidance and standards on the 
reduction of methane gas emissions developed by the United Nations Environment Programme 
protocol on the reduction of methane emissions issued by OGMP; 
“Verification Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(A) (Available 
Information). 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles” means the number of women in Executive 
and Middle-management Roles, as at the end of the relevant Sustainability Performance Reference 
Period and calculated in good faith by the Issuer, reported in the relevant Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure, which is subject to assurance by the External Verifier and disclosed in the 
relevant Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, in each case, published by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13(A) (Available Information); 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition” means that (i) the percentage 
of Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles as a proportion of the Total Executive and 
Middle-management Roles as at the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Observation Date was equal to or higher than the Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Target and (ii) the Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure, and the related Verification 
Assurance Report as at the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Observation Date 
has been published on the Issuer’s website by no later than the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reporting Deadline; 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Event” means the failure of the Issuer to 
satisfy the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition; 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Observation Date” means the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Observation Date; 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Target” means the percentage that Women 
in Executive and Middle-management Roles represent of the Total Executive and Middle-
management Roles, specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Women in Executive and 
Middle-management Roles Target; and 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Event Step Up Margin” means the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Women in Executive and Middle-
management Roles Event Step Up Margin. 
5 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of 
the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and 
save as provided in Condition 6.4) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such 
Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of 
the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in 
U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.  
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits):

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(i) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
T2 is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
7 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.5 (Early Redemption Amounts)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount and the Optional Redemption Amount(s), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
6 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of each Note which is an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.10 (Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption) in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
See Condition 6.9 (Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 6.10 (Calculation of 
Inflation Linked Redemption) in relation to each Note which is an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.5 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor an Inflation Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition (Taxation) as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph 6.5 below together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make Whole Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) in the case of Notes that are not Sustainability-Linked Notes an amount equal to the higher 
of (as determined by the Agent): 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as calculated by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to maturity 
(or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date; or 
(B) in the case of Notes that are Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes, will be an amount which 
is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Sustainability-Linked Note to 
be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers, the sum of present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal of the Step Up Sustainability-Linked Notes to be 
redeemed and interest thereon to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period Commencement Date) (calculated at the 
Initial Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Initial Margin, until the 
interest period immediately following the relevant Step Up Event , at which point, the 
Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin, shall be deemed to 
be the Subsequent Rate of Interest or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the Subsequent 
Margin, unless the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, and/or the 
Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be, has 
been satisfied and notification has been made by the Issuer confirming the satisfaction 
of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, and/or the Women 
in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition as the case may be) discounted 
to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of 
days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference 
Bond Rate (as defined below) plus the Redemption Margin plus, in each case, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date; or 
(C) in the case of Notes that are Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes, will be an 
amount equal to the higher of (as determined by the Agent): 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as calculated by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to 
maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the relevant Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin,

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
plus, in each case, (i) any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date and (ii) the relevant Redemption Premium Amount, unless, at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition, and/or the 
Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be, has been 
satisfied and notification has been made by the Issuer confirming the satisfaction of the Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or 
the Natural Gas Emissions Condition  and/or the Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Condition, as the case may be).As used in this Condition 6.3: 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in 
the reasonable judgement of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third 
business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer 
by the Reference Dealers. 
“Subsequent Margin” means the Initial Margin plus the Step Up Margin; and 
“Subsequent Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period 
from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and 
including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, as

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Par Call Period, commencing on the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together with (i) any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption and 
(ii) the relevant Redemption Premium Amount, unless, at the relevant date of redemption, the Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the 
Natural Gas Emissions Condition, and/or the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied and notification has been made by the Issuer 
confirming the satisfaction of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 
3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition  and/or the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be). 
6.5 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event (Clean-Up Call) 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a Substantial 
Purchase Event has occurred, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with (i) any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption and (ii) the relevant Redemption 
Premium Amount, unless, at the relevant date of redemption, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas 
Emissions Condition, and/or the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Condition, as 
the case may be, has been satisfied and notification has been made by the Issuer confirming the 
satisfaction of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Condition and/or the Natural Gas Emissions Condition  and/or the Women in Executive 
and Middle-management Roles Condition, as the case may be). 
A “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at any time 20 per cent. or 
less of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which 
for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) remains 
outstanding, provided that the Notes in that Series that are no longer outstanding have not been 
redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer 
Call)) where the Optional Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
Make Whole Amount. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
“Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required 
to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note 
is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include 
notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.4 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.4 and instead to declare such 
Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 4.3 (Inflation Linked Note Provisions), Condition 6.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the 
first Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, 
at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner 
is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at the Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY) 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
365); or 
(d) 
in the case of an Inflation Linked Interest Note and/or an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note, at an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 6.9 (Redemption of 
Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 6.10 (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption). 
6.8 
Purchases

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will 
be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.6 above (Purchases) 
above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in Condition 6.5(c) above (Redemption And Purchase - Early Redemption Amounts) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon 
which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(a) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.11 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate such Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) promptly after each 
time such amount is capable of being determined and will notify the Agent thereof promptly 
after calculating the same. The Agent will promptly thereafter notify the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed thereof and cause notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
6.12 
Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Redemption Note shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption 
Determination Date (utilising the DIR(T) value applicable to the Final Redemption Amount) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = 
Specified Denomination * Max 
[ 100% ( 
DIR(t) 
DIR(0) 
) 
] 
 
The result of DIR(T) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards and the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Interest Note or an Inflation Linked Redemption Note shall be the sum of (i) a principal amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent promptly after the time the Early Redemption Amount is 
capable of being determined in accordance with the formula set out above, provided that the 
reference to “Final Redemption Amount” shall be replaced by a reference to “Early 
Redemption Amount” and the DIR(T) value applicable to the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be utilised (subject to the amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 
100% of the nominal value of the Notes); and (ii) interest accrued but unpaid in respect of the 
period from, and including, the most recent Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the date 
for redemption of the Notes where the Rate of Interest for such period shall be calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
Defined terms used in this Condition shall have the same meanings as set out in Condition 
4.2(C) (Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes - Rate of 
Interest - Inflation Linked Interest Notes) provided that, “DIR(T)” means the value of the 
Inflation Index for (i) in the case of the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Maturity Date and (ii) in the case of the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount, the date 
for redemption of the Notes, in each case calculated in accordance with the following formula 
where month “t” is the month and year of the Maturity Date in the case of (i) above and the 
month and year in which the date for redemption falls in the case of (ii) above: 
DIR(t)=Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period-1)+[Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 2) Inflation 
Index(t-Lookback Period 1)]* [DayOfMonth 1)/DaysInMonth] 
Rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
If the date for redemption occurs prior to the first Interest Payment Date, a pro rata proportion 
of an amount equal to the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(T)/DIR(0) 
shall be added to the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the date of redemption of the Notes) (such sum 
shall be rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded 
upwards). 
“Redemption Amount Multiplier” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if Redemption Amount Multiplier is specified as “Not Applicable”, the 
Redemption Amount Multiplier shall be deduced to be equal to 100%. 
The provisions of Condition 4.3 (Inflation Linked Note Provisions) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis. 
6.13 
Redemption Premium Option 
This Condition 6.13 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate 
that the Redemption Premium Option is applicable (the “Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes”).  
If the Redemption Premium Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
and a Redemption Premium Event has occurred, then upon redemption of any Redemption 
Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with these Conditions, each such 
Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed at its applicable 
Redemption Amount plus the Redemption Premium Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and applicable to such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and references 
to the applicable Redemption Amount(s) in these Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Redemption Premium Events 
shall apply in respect of each Series of Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and 
the relevant Redemption Premium Amount in respect of each such event.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Cumulative Redemption Premium Event is 
applicable (comprising more than one Redemption Premium Event), upon the occurrence of 
any Redemption Premium Event comprising the Cumulative Redemption Premium Event, upon 
redemption of any Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with these 
Conditions, the Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed at its 
applicable Redemption Amount plus the Cumulative Redemption Premium Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and applicable to such Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked 
Notes and references to the applicable Redemption Amount(s) in these Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If the Final Terms specifies that more than one Redemption Premium Event is applicable and 
specifies that a Cumulative Redemption Premium Event is not applicable, upon the occurrence 
of any Redemption Premium event so specified, upon redemption of any Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in accordance with these Conditions, the Redemption Premium 
Sustainability-Linked Note shall be redeemed at its applicable Redemption Amount plus the 
Redemption Premium Amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and applicable to such 
Redemption Premium Sustainability-Linked Notes and references to the applicable Redemption 
Amount(s) in these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuer will give notice of the occurrence of (i) a Redemption Premium Event, as specified 
in the applicable Final  Terms, or (ii) satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note 
Condition, as the case may be, to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and, in 
respect of the relevant Redemption Premium Event, no later than the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Notes Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
Redemption Premium Amount due at the relevant date for redemption.   
The Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Redemption 
Premium Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
In this Condition: 
“Cumulative Redemption Premium Event” means, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that 
the Redemption Premium Option is applicable, the occurrence of all or a combination of (a) a 
Natural Gas Emissions Event; and/or (b) a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event and/or 
(c) a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event and/or (d) a Women in Executive and Middle-management 
Roles Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, in each case, as so 
specified as being the Cumulative Redemption Premium Event in the relevant Final Terms, it 
being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not result in the occurrence of an 
Event of Default under these Conditions; 
“Cumulative Redemption Premium Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Cumulative Redemption Premium Amount; 
“Natural Gas Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount” means the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being the Natural Gas Emissions Event Redemption Premium 
Amount; 
“Redemption Premium Amount” means (i) in respect of a Natural Gas Emissions Event, the 
Natural Gas Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount; (ii) respect of a Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event, the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Redemption 
Premium  Amount; (iii) in respect of a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event, the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount; (iv) in respect of a Women in Executive and 
Middle-management Roles Event, the Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles 
Event Redemption Premium Amount; and (v) in respect of any Redemption Premium Event 
comprising a Cumulative Redemption Premium Event the Cumulative Redemption Premium

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Amount, as indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and, each such amount, the 
“relevant Redemption Premium Amount”; 
“Redemption Premium Event” means, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Redemption Premium Option is applicable, the occurrence of (i) a Natural Gas Emissions 
Event; and/or (ii) a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event; and/or (iii) a Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Event and/or (iv) a Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Event 
and/or (v) a Cumulative Redemption Premium Event, as indicated as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and, each such event, the “relevant Redemption Premium Event”; 
“Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount” means the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount; 
“Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Redemption Premium Amount” means the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Redemption 
Premium Amount; and 
“Women in Executive and Middle-management Roles Event Redemption Premium 
Amount” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Women in 
Executive and Middle-management Roles Event Redemption Premium Amount. 
7 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any 
Note or Coupon, presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(b) the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding 
of such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but not 
limited to, a declaration of residence or non residence, but fails to do so; or 
(e) in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any 
Notes or Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or future similar law and any related implementing regulations 
(each as amended or supplemented from time to time); or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(f) in the event of payment to a non Italian resident legal entity or a non Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non Italian resident 
legal entity or a non Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) 
(any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer 
becomes subject by reason of its tax residence or a permanent establishment maintained 
therein in respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and 
Coupons; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices). 
8 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
9.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 
days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues 
for the period of 45 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described), or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in 
respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for payment (as 
extended by any originally applicable grace period) or default is made by the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other 
person (as extended by any originally applicable grace period), provided that no such 
event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the aggregate Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred and be continuing shall 
exceed at any time euro 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(d) 
any Security (other than any Security securing Project Finance Indebtedness or 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred in the circumstances described in the 
definition of Project Finance Indebtedness as if such definition referred to Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money), present or future, created or assumed on or against all or 
substantially all of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, becomes enforceable 
and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment 
of a receiver, manager or other similar person) which is not contested in good faith by all 
appropriate means or discharged or cancelled within 60 days of such enforcement; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the liquidation, 
winding up or dissolution (scioglimento o liquidazione) of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries and such order or resolution is not discharged or cancelled within 60 days, 
save for the purposes of (i) a solvent amalgamation, merger, demerger or reconstruction 
(a “Solvent Reorganisation”) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or such 
Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, are assumed by the entity resulting from such 
Solvent Reorganisation and (A) such entity continues to carry on substantially the same 
business of the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (B) in the case 
of a Solvent Reorganisation of the Issuer, such entity assumes all the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and an opinion of an independent legal 
adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been delivered to the Agent 
confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent Reorganisation, or (ii) a 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or announces that it shall cease to 
carry on the whole or substantially all of its business, save for the purposes of (i) a Solvent 
Reorganisation under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed by the 
entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been 
delivered to the Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent 
Reorganisation, or (ii) a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(g) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under 
any applicable insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in any case (other than 
the appointment of an administrator) unless initiated by a member of the Group, is not 
contested in good faith by all appropriate means or is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(h) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay a final judgment (sentenza 
passata in giudicato, in the case of a judgment issued by an Italian court) of a court of 
competent jurisdiction within 60 days from the receipt of a notice that a final judgment 
in excess of an amount equal to the value of a substantial part of the assets or property of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries has been entered against it or an execution 
is levied, enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any substantial part of the assets 
or property of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries pursuant to any such judgment 
(for the purposes of paragraph (g) above and this paragraph (h), a “substantial part” of an 
entity’s assets or property means a part of the relevant entity’s assets or property which 
accounts for 30% or more of the relevant entity’s assets or property as determined by 
reference to the most recently audited consolidated financial statements of the relevant 
entity); or 
(i) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops or announces that it shall stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) 
as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of 
any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of 
a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) otherwise than for 
the purposes of a solvent amalgamation, merger, de merger or reconstruction, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, 
(ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed whether 
by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether 
issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash. 
10 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority; and 
(c) there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than 
in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which 
any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, or (b) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.luxse.com. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on such day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by 
any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13A 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 13A applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes only.  
Beginning with the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ending on 31 
December following the Issue Date of the relevant series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, for so 
long as any such Sustainability-Linked Notes are outstanding, the Issuer will publish its annual 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for such financial year (the “Annual 
Report”) on its website in accordance with applicable law. In addition to each such Annual 
Report, the Issuer will publish another document (each such report document to be prepared 
either pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016 or to be in the form of any such other 
sustainability report as the Issuer deems necessary, the “Consolidated Non-Financial 
Disclosure”) which discloses (i) (a) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions; and/or (b) the 
Natural Gas Emissions; and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions and/or (c) the Women in Executive 
and Middle-management Roles, each in respect of the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Reference Period; and (ii) if applicable, the occurrence of any Redetermination Event and the 
related New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, New Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Baseline, New Scope 3 Emissions Percentage, New Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Baseline and/or New Natural Gas Emissions Baseline resulting from the occurrence of any such 
Redetermination Event and (iii) any other relevant information which may enable investors to 
monitor the Issuer’s progress towards the satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note 
Condition.  
 
Each such Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure shall include, or be accompanied by, a 
verification assurance report issued by the External Verifier (a “Verification Assurance 
Report”). Each Consolidated Non-Financial Disclosure and related Verification Assurance 
Report will be published no later than 30 June of each year; provided that to the extent the Issuer 
determines that additional time will be required to complete the relevant Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure and/or related Verification Assurance Report, then such Consolidated Non-
Financial Disclosure and related Verification Assurance Report shall be published as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 31 August of each year (the “Sustainability 
Performance Reporting Deadline”). 
It is understood that any failure by the Issuer to make the information referred to in this 
Condition 13(A) available in any 12 month period shall not result in the occurrence of an Event 
of Default under these Conditions. 
14 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
In accordance with the rules of the Italian Civil Code, Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes or Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
All meetings of the Noteholders will be held in accordance with applicable provisions of Italian 
law in force at the time and, where applicable Italian law so requires, the Issuer’s by-laws in 
force from time to time. In accordance with Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the meeting 
of Noteholders is empowered to resolve upon the following matters: (i) the appointment and 
revocation of the Noteholders’ Representative, (ii) any amendment to these Conditions, (iii) 
motions for the composition with creditors (concordato) of the relevant Issuer; (iv) 
establishment of a fund for the expenses necessary for the protection of the common interests 
of the Noteholders and the related statements of account; and (v) any other matter of common 
interest to the Noteholders. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, upon the request of any 
Noteholder(s) holding not less than 5% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. If the meeting has not been convened following such request of the 
Noteholders, the same may be convened by a decision of the competent court in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 2367 of the Italian Civil Code. Every such meeting shall be held 
at a place as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Such a meeting will be validly held if (subject to mandatory laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations of Italian law in force from time to time and, where applicable Italian law so 
requires, the Issuer’s by-laws in force from time to time) there are one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The majority required to pass a resolution at any meeting convened to vote on any resolution 
will be one or more persons holding or representing at least three fourths of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding represented at the meeting; 
provided, however, that certain proposals (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or 
the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or the Coupons) may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at a meeting (as provided 
under Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code) of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. 
Officers and statutory auditors of the Issuer shall be entitled to attend the Noteholders’ meetings 
but not participate or vote with reference to the Notes held by the Issuer. Any resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, is appointed pursuant to 
Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under these 
Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders. If the 
Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has its 
registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the board of 
directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum 
period of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
In derogation from Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which the interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non 
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. Condition 14 and Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement are 
subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. In addition to any suit, action or proceeding (together, 
referred to as “Proceedings”) that may be taken by the Noteholders and the Couponholders in 
the English courts pursuant to this Clause 17.2, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may 
also take any Proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons 
(including any Proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) against the Issuer in the Republic of Italy and 
concurrent Proceedings in the Republic of Italy, to the extent the Republic of Italy is deemed to 
be a court of competent jurisdiction for such Proceedings. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited at its registered office at 15 
Northfields Prospect, London SW18 1PE, United Kingdom for the time being as its agent for 
service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Laurentia Financial Services Limited 
ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
17.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each Tranche of Notes will be allocated by the Issuer, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to that tranche of Notes, either: 
 
(i) 
for its general corporate purposes; or  
 
(ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing and/or future Eligible Green 
Projects. 
 
For these purposes, “Eligible Green Projects” means projects included in the following categories:  
 
(a) 
Network for Renewables and low carbon Gases; 
(b) 
Carbon Capture and Storage (“CCS”); 
(c) 
DT&T (Digital Transformation & Technology) projects; 
(d) 
Biomethane; 
(e) 
Hydrogen; 
(f) 
Green buildings; and 
(g) 
Energy efficiency. 
 
Examples of Eligible Green Projects include, inter alia: (i) Transportation of biomethane from 
production plants to the service stations dedicated to the supply of methane and to the methane pipeline 
network; (ii) Construction and operation of H2 Refueling Station; (iii) pilot project with ENI which 
involves capture and transport of the CO2 emitted by an ENI compressor and the permanent storage in 
a depleted gas field offshore Ravenna; (iv) Capital expenditures and acquisition of plants for the 
production of biomethane from municipal solid waste (OFMSW); (v) the new Snam headquarter; (vi) 
Hydrogen valley. 
 
The Eligible Green Projects will be selected in line with a set of environmental criteria that are fully 
aligned with the relevant criteria of the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, which are monitored by a 
committee comprised of members of the Finance Department, the CSR Department, the Technical 
Departments and the Planning & Control Departments of Snam and verified by a second party opinion 
provider against the relevant market guidelines/principles and or regulation, where applicable. Only 
Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be denominated as “Green 
Bonds”. Such selection criteria include contribution to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (the 
“UN SDGs”) and alignment to the Technical Screening Criteria (TSC) for Substantial Contribution to 
climate change mitigation as included in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Acts as well as the 
related Do No Significant Harm (‘DNSH’) and Minimum Safeguards criteria. The above table details 
the mapping against the relevant Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation economic activities and 
UN SDGs. 
 
Notes issued as “Green Bonds” will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects located in 
Italy and with disbursements occurring in the 36 months prior to the financing instrument’s issuance. 
Eligible Green Projects may include capital expenditures (capex), operating expenditures (opex) 
ensuring the continued and effective functioning of the Issuer’s assets, investments in joint ventures and 
joint operations, investments in associates, as well as acquisitions of a majority or minority stake in 
“pure player” companies specialised in any of the categories of “Eligible Green Projects” listed above. 
A “pure player” company is defined as having revenue mainly derived from activities falling in any of 
categories of “Eligible Green Projects” listed above. 
 
Pending the full allocation of the proceeds of any issue of “Green Bonds” under the Programme, which 
is expected within the timeframe of Snam’s strategic plan in place at the time of issuance, Snam will 
invest the balance of the net proceeds of any such Notes at its own discretion as per its liquidity 
management policy, including to reimburse outstanding credit facilities, pay down existing debt, or keep

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
it in cash or cash equivalents, overnight or other short-term financial instruments. 
 
The Issuer may issue "Green Bonds”, “Sustainability-linked Notes” or a combination of both. 
 
For more information, please refer to the Snam’s Sustainable Finance Framework, available on Snam 
website 
at: 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-finance/2024/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_2024.pdf. 
 
For the purposes of this section, “Eligible Green Projects” means the projects described as “Eligible 
Green Projects” in the Sustainable Finance Framework, as may be amended or updated from time to 
time, which are in line with the ICMA Green Bond Principles.  
 
ISS Corporate Solutions, in its capacity as the Issuer’s second-party Opinion provider, has reviewed 
Snam’s Sustainable Finance Framework and has issued a second party opinion on 9 February 2024. The 
scope of ISS Corporate Solutions review was to assess six core elements to determine the sustainability 
quality of the instruments (which may be issued as “Green Bonds” or “Sustainability-linked Notes” 
under the Programme, as relevant) as follows: 
1. to benchmark the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework against, inter alia, the International 
Capital Market Association's (ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix) 
(GBP); 
 
2. to assess whether the project categories of the Issuer’s eligibility criteria used for the purposes of 
determining the Eligible Green Projects contribute positively to the UN SDGs; 
 
3. to assess alignment of the project categories with the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation; 
 
4. to assess the implementation of the ICMA Climate Transition Finance Handbook’s (CTFH) 
recommendations based on the publicly available information; 
 
5. to assess the sustainability credibility of the Key Performance Indicators (‘KPIs’) selected, and 
Sustainability Performance Targets (SPT) calibrated – whether the KPIs selected are core, relevant 
and material to the Issuer’s business model and industry, and whether the associated targets are 
ambitious; and 
 
6. to assess the consistency of the “Green Bond” and “sustainability-linked” debt instruments which 
may be issued under the Programme, drawing on the key sustainability objectives and priorities 
defined by the Issuer. 
 
ISS Corporate Solutions’ second-party Opinion is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/ISS_SPO_on_Snam_Sustainable_Finance_Framework.pdf).  
 
Snam’s 
Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-
relations/documents/sustainable-finance/2024/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_2024.pdf).  
 
None of these documents are incorporated into, or form part of, the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Overview  
Snam S.p.A. (“Snam”), through its main operating subsidiaries Snam Rete Gas S.p.A., Infrastrutture 
Trasporto Gas S.p.A., GNL Italia S.p.A., Snam FSRU Italia S.r.l. and Stogit S.p.A., is the leading 
operator in the regulated gas sectors in Italy and one of the leading regulated operators in Europe in 
terms of regulatory asset base (RAB). 
Snam was incorporated as a limited liability company (società per azioni) under the Laws of the 
Republic of Italy on 15 November 2000 and, pursuant to its by-laws (the “By-laws”), its final term ends 
on 31 December 2100 unless such term is extended by a shareholder resolution. Snam operates under 
the laws of the Republic of Italy. Snam’s registered address is Piazza Santa Barbara 7, 20097 San 
Donato Milanese, Milan, Italy. It is registered with the Companies’ Register of Milan, Monza Brianza, 
Lodi Chamber of Commerce and its company number is 13271390158. Its telephone number is (+39) 
02 37031. Snam’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is 8156002278562044AF79. 
Snam’s main business activities, namely transportation and dispatching, storage of natural gas and LNG 
regasification, are all regulated activities in Italy under the authority of the ARERA. Snam is required 
by applicable regulators to offer these services to third parties on equal terms and conditions and at 
regulated tariffs. See section headed “Regulatory and Legislative Framework”. 
Snam owns, directly or indirectly, among others: 
• 
100% of Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. (“Snam Rete Gas”), which is responsible for the management 
and development of the natural gas transportation system;  
• 
100% of Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas S.p.A. (“ITG”). ITG is the third Italian operator in term 
of gas volumes transported, that manages the pipeline that connects the Adriatic LNG 
regasification terminal (Cavarzere, near Venice) to the national transport network near 
Minerbio (Bologna); 
 
• 
100% of GNL Italia S.p.A. (“GNL Italia”) and Snam FSRU Italia S.r.l. (“Snam FSRU”). 
These companies operate in the regasification sector. Snam FSRU in turn directly holds 100% 
of Ravenna LNG Terminal S.r.l., an Italian company which owns a state concession, a marine 
terminal and an oil pipeline no longer used; 
• 
100% of Stogit S.p.A. (“Stogit”), which provides natural gas storage services;  
• 
55% of Enura S.p.A. (“Enura”), a company responsible for implementation of the gas transport 
infrastructure in the Italian Region of Sardinia; and 
• 
49.07% of OLT Offshore LNG Toscana S.p.A. (“OLT”), the second largest liquefied natural 
gas (LNG) terminal in Italy. Snam has joint control of OLT with Igneo Infrastructure Partners. 
Snam’s commitment to enable energy transition includes the development of merchant infrastructures 
for new decarbonized molecules:  BioMethane and BioLNG, Green Hydrogen and CO2 Capture. In this 
respect, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam holds, among others, directly or indirectly, a 
shareholding in the following operating companies: 
• 
Greenture S.p.A. (“Greenture”), 100% owned by Snam, develops and to manage national 
small-scale LNG infrastructure projects in the energy midstream value chain, with the aim of 
increasing the availability of LNG and Bio LNG in Italy. Greenture owns 100% of Cubogas 
S.r.l. (“Cubogas”);

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
• 
Bioenerys S.r.l. (“Bioenerys”), 100% owned by Snam, which, through its operating companies, 
carries out activities related to the development and management of initiatives in biomethane 
infrastructure. Bioenerys owns, among others:  
− 
100% Bioenerys Ambiente S.r.l. ("Bioenerys Ambiente"); 
− 
100% Bioenerys Agri S.r.l. ("Bioenerys Agri"). 
 
• 
Renovit S.p.A. Società Benefit (“Renovit”), 60.05% owned by Snam, which, through its 
operating companies, offers innovative energy efficiency solutions to residential customers, 
companies and the public administration, investing directly in decarbonisation, digitisation and 
distributed energy generation. Renovit owns, among others: 
− 100% of Renovit Business Solutions S.r.l. (“Renovit Business Solutions” – formerly 
TEP Energy Solutions S.r.l.);  
− 
70% of Renovit Public Solutions S.p.A (“Renovit Public Solutions” - formerly Mieci 
S.p.A.); and 
− 
70% of Renovit Building Solutions S.p.A. (“Renovit Building Soultions” – formerly 
Evolve S.p.A.).  
 
Biomethane and energy efficiency remain key areas of development for the Issuer. 
These operating companies are subject to management and co-ordination by Snam pursuant to article 
2497 and subsequent provisions of the Italian Civil Code.  
In addition, Snam holds:  
 
− 
100% of the capital in Gasrule Insurance DAC (a company with legal headquarters in 
Ireland) which is the “captive” insurance company of Snam Group and which is also 
subject to management and co-ordination by Snam; 
 
− 
100% of the capital in Arbolia S.r.l. Società Benefit, which offers to third parties, among 
other things: (i) afforestation and reforestation services; and (ii) consultancy services 
concerning the reduction of carbon footprints;  
 
− 
100% of the capital in Snam International B.V. (“Snam International”); and 
 
− 
100% of the capital in Asset Company 10 S.r.l., which acquired the stake in the capital 
of Industrie De Nora S.p.A.  
 
Snam is also active, albeit to a lesser extent, in the non-regulated sector of the design, construction and 
maintenance of facilities and plants for third parties.  
Snam also holds (directly or indirectly), amongst others: 
• 
13.47% of the capital in Italgas S.p.A. (“Italgas”), the leading operator in the distribution of 
natural gas in Italy; 
• 
49.90% of the capital in SeaCorridor S.r.l. (“SeaCorridor”), a company jointly controlled with 
Eni that – through its subsidiaries9- manages the international TTPC-TMPC gas pipelines 
 
9 In particular, Seacorridor holds: (i) the entire capital of Trans Tunisian Pipeline Company S.p.A., a company that 
holds the exclusive right to market the natural gas transportation capacity of the on-shore pipeline; (ii) 99.85% 
of the capital of Scogat S.A., a company that performs expansion works or other interventions on the on-shore

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
linking Algeria to Italy, a route that today represents the main source of imports from the south 
covering the lack of imports from the north; 
• 
7.3% of the capital in Terminale GNL Adriatico S.r.l. (“Adriatic LNG”), that is the largest 
offshore gravity-based structure for LNG unloading, storing and regasification and the largest 
LNG terminal in Italy; 
• 
21.59% of the capital in Industrie De Nora S.p.A., a global leader in alkaline electrodes, 
essential components for the production of alkaline water electrolysers;  
• 
33.34% of the capital in Ecos S.r.l., a company which provides ship management and 
operational services to OLT; and 
• 
2.07% of the capital in ITM Power Plc, one of the major global productors of electrolysers, an 
essential component in the field of hydrogen production.  
Snam has adopted an organisational structure designed to facilitate cross-functional collaboration and 
provide end-to-end processes, going from a “Group” to “One Company”. 
Snam’s Group structure consists of:  
1. business units, focused on: commercial and regulatory activities, development of new 
businesses, coordination and management of Italian subsidiaries management of foreign equity 
investments, and development and sale of services extracted from the entire Snam value chain; 
and  
2. staff functions designed with the purpose of process simplification, efficiency and continuous 
improvement. 
Snam is also operates internationally in the gas infrastructures markets. It has direct or indirect 
shareholdings in amongst others, the following companies: 
• 
TEREGA S.A. (“TEREGA”) (with an indirect shareholding equal to 40.5%), the second largest 
transport and storage operator in France; 
• 
Interconnector Limited (“Interconnector”) (with an indirect shareholding equal to 23.68%), 
the owner and operator of a sealine connecting the UK and Belgian markets; 
• 
Interconnector Zeebrugge Terminal B.V. (“IZT”) (with indirect shareholdings equal to 25% 
through Snam International BV, and 11.36% through Interconnector), operating the connection 
between the Belgian transmission network and the Interconnector sealine; 
• 
TAG GmbH (“TAG”) (with a shareholding of 84.47% of share capital, equivalent to 89.22% 
of the share rights) which is the independent transmission operator that owns and operates the 
Austrian section of the gas pipeline linking Russia and Italy;  
 
pipeline; (iii) 66.06% of the capital of Sergaz S.A., a company that provides operating and maintenance services 
for the on-shore pipeline and holds 49.9% of the capital of Premium Multiservices S.A.; (iv) 50% of the capital 
of Transmediterranean Pipeline Company Ltd, owner of the offshore pipeline and holder of 90% of the capital 
of Samco Sagl (see point (vii) below); (v) 50% of the capital of Transmed S.p.A., owner of the exclusive right 
to market the natural gas transportation capacity of the offshore pipeline; (vi) 50% of the capital of Mariconsult 
S.p.A., a company providing operating and maintenance services for the offshore pipeline; and (vii) 5% of the 
capital of Samco Sagl, a company providing services for the offshore pipeline.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
• 
Trans Adriatic Pipeline AG (“TAP”) (with an indirect shareholding of 20%), owner of the 
pipeline connecting the EU/Turkey border with Italy through Greece, Albania and the Adriatic 
Sea; 
• 
Gas Connect Austria GmbH (“GCA”) (with an indirect shareholding equal to 19.6%), the 
independent transmission system operator which owns and operates an 886km natural gas 
pipeline grid in Austria; 
• 
Hellenic Gas Transmission System Operator S.A. (“DESFA”) (with an indirect shareholding 
equal to 35.64%), which owns and operates the regulated high-pressure gas transport network 
and LNG re-gasification facilities in Greece;  
• 
Albanian Gas Service Company Sh. a. (“AGSCo”) (with a shareholding of 25%), which 
provides management and maintenance services on the Albanian section of the TAP pipeline; 
• 
ADNOC Gas Pipeline Assets LLC (“ADNOC Gas Pipeline”) (with a shareholding of 47.7% 
in consortium with other members), which holds, for a period of 20 years, the tariff-based rights 
for the infrastructure (38 pipelines) that connects ADNOC Gas Pipeline’s upstream activities 
to Abu Dhabi’s consumption points and the export and interconnection terminals to 
neighbouring Emirates;  
• 
East Mediterranean Gas Company S.A.E. (“EMG”) (with an indirect shareholding of 25%), 
owner of the Arish-Ashkelon gas pipeline, part of the so-called “Peace Gas Pipeline”;  
• 
dCarbonx Ltd (“dCarbonx”) (with an indirect shareholding of 50%), a company operating in 
geo-energy to develop hydrogen and carbon dioxide storage solutions in Ireland and the UK; 
and 
• 
Storegga Ltd (“Storegga”) (with an indirect shareholding of 5.18%), a company currently 
involved in CCS and hydrogen projects. 
Snam's international business development activities are carried out by, amongst others, the following 
companies:  
(i) Snam Gas & Energy Services in (Beijing) Co. Ltd, established in 2019 as a fully owned subsidiary 
of Snam International B.V. (100% owned by Snam S.p.A.), oversees the Chinese market and operates 
in the supply of technical services for gas transportation and storage. 
(ii) Snam Energy Services Private Limited in India, established at the beginning of September 2022 
with a 0.001% shareholding owned by Snam S.p.A. and the remaining 99.999% owned by Snam 
International BV, conducts research and development in the energy field in India.  
(iii) Snam Middle East BV Business Services Co. LLC, Snam North America LLC and Snam 
International (UK) Limited, established as fully owned subsidiaries of Snam International B.V. (100% 
owned by Snam S.p.A.), have been liquidated in 2023.Since July 2017 the Issuer has set up Snam 
Foundation, a non-profit organisation aimed at developing and promoting innovative and responsible 
practices so as to contribute to Italy’s civil, cultural and economic development in priority areas of 
public interest. 
On 21 December 2021 Snam Foundation and the University of Oxford set up World Wellbeing 
Movement Ltd, a company aimed at promoting wellbeing as the centre of decision-making processes 
by gathering together an active group of thought leaders to measure and promote the success of a 
company for the benefit of its members as a whole. On 7 March 2023 Snam Foundation withdrew from 
the membership of such company. 
The structure chart of Snam Group is included on pages 153 and 161.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus Snam’s share capital is euro 2,735,670,475.56 divided into 
3,360,857,809 shares with no indication of nominal value. The shares are not divisible and each gives 
the right to one vote, excluding those shares in relation to which voting rights have been suspended by 
special statutory provisions. Snam’s shares are listed on the Italian stock exchange (“Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.” or “Borsa Italiana”). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on information in Snam’s register of shareholders, 
communications received pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other 
information available to Snam, as far as Snam is aware, only CDP, Romano Minozzi and Lazard Asset 
Management LLC own, directly or indirectly, interests in excess of 3% of Snam’s ordinary shares. For 
further information, please see section “Principal Shareholders” below.  
Snam’s long-term rating is currently “Baa2” (stable outlook) by Moody’s, “BBB+” (stable outlook) by 
S&P and “BBB+” (stable outlook) by Fitch. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to facilitate the evaluation of Snam Group’s financial performance, Snam’s management has 
identified several alternative performance measures (“APM”). Management believes that these APMs 
provide useful information for investors because they facilitate the identification of significant operating 
trends and financial parameters.  
Investors should note the following:  
1. 
the APMs are based exclusively on Snam Group’s historical data and are not indicative of future 
performance;  
2. 
the APMs are not derived from the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and, 
they are not subject to audit;  
3. 
the APMs should not be considered as replacing the indicators required by IFRS;  
4. 
the APMs should be read together with the financial information of Snam Group taken from the 
consolidated financial statements for the year 2022 and 2023;  
5. 
since they are not derived from IFRS, the definitions used in connections with the APMs may 
differ from or have a different meaning to those adopted by other companies/groups and 
therefore they are not comparable; and 
6. 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the periods for 
which financial information in this Base Prospectus is included.  
The APMs reported below have been identified and used in the Base Prospectus because Snam Group 
believes that:  
− 
net financial debt provides a better evaluation of the overall level of debt, the capital solidity 
and the capacity to repay the debt; and 
− 
performance measurements relating to EBIT and net profit, as well as adjusted configurations, 
analyse business performance and provide a better comparison of the results; these indicators 
are also generally used for the purpose of evaluating company performance.  
The APMs identified by management are: 
− 
EBIT: net operating income, calculated as the sum of the values pertaining to net profit, income 
taxes and net financial expenses, net of net income from equity investments;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
− 
EBIT Adjusted: EBIT Adjusted excludes special items from EBIT. Income entries are classified 
as special items, if material, when: (i) they result from non-recurring events or transactions or 
from transactions or events which do not occur frequently in the ordinary course of business; 
or (ii) they result from events or transactions which are not representative of the normal course 
of business; 
− 
Net financial debt: indicator of the ability to meet obligations of a financial nature, calculated 
as the sum of the values pertaining to the short-term and long-term financial debt items net of 
cash and cash equivalents; and 
− 
RAB: value of net invested capital for regulatory purposes, calculated based on the rules defined 
by the ARERA in order to determine the benchmark revenues for the regulated businesses 
(ARERA Resolution 514/2013/R/gas for the gas transportation business, ARERA Resolution 
438/2013/R/gas for the gas regasification business and ARERA Resolution 531/2014/R/gas for 
the gas storage business). 
The table below, unless stated otherwise, shows key financial and operating data for each of the three 
regulated business areas of Snam Group for the period ended 31 December 2023, based on the 
consolidated annual report of Snam Group dated 31 December 2023: 
 
 
Transport(a) 
Storage 
Regasification 
Corporate 
and other 
activities 
Consolidated annual 
Report Snam Group 
Total 
Net 
financial 
debt (€m) as 
of 
30/06/2024 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
 
16,352 
RAB as of 
31/12/2023 
(€bn) 
18.7 
4.3  
0.6 
 
23.8 
Operational 
data as of 
31/12/2023 
Gas injected into 
the 
network 
(bcm): 64.1 
Storage 
capacity 
(bcm): 16.7 
of which 12.2 
Modulation 
and 
4.5 
Strategic 
Two LNG plant 
 
 
 
Gas 
pipeline 
network (km in 
operation): 
32,895 
Gas 
moved 
through 
storage 
system 
(bcm): 13.7 
of which 7.0 
injected and 
6.7 
withdrawn 
Capacity: 13.5 
bcm

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
(a) data of Snam Rete Gas and ITG 
Any financial or other data contained in this Base Prospectus regarding Snam Group are, unless stated 
otherwise, as at 31 December 2023.  
Competitive Position  
Any statements in this Base Prospectus regarding Snam’s competitive position in Italy are, unless stated 
otherwise, based on information contained in the ARERA’s 2023 Annual Report on Services and 
Activities (Relazione annuale sullo stato dei servizi e sull’attività svolta) dated 11 July 2023 (the 
“ARERA 2023 Report”). 
Currently Snam Group is the leading integrated operator in the regulated natural gas business in Italy. 
Snam's international development efforts are focused on enhancing interconnectivity between national 
markets and boosting market flexibility, in line with European principles. This strategy hinges on Italy's 
key infrastructure role within the "priority gas corridors" designated by the European Commission.  
Transportation 
Even though there are no regulatory barriers to entry into the gas transportation business, in practice, 
the construction of a competing network of pipelines would entail substantial investment and lead-in 
times in addition to the requirement of obtaining authorisation from the MED. Given the nature of the 
natural gas sector, Snam, through its subsidiaries Snam Rete Gas and ITG, does not currently have 
significant competitors in the market for the transportation of natural gas in Italy that, at least in the 
short to medium-term, will be able to provide alternative services. Factors that will affect the level of 
competition in the Italian gas market include the development of the regulatory framework, the level of 
demand for gas, as well as the extent to which local networks which are able to distribute greater 
quantities of gas to final customers are developed. 
In 2023 Snam, through Snam Rete Gas and ITG, transported 99.9% of the aggregate amount of injected 
natural gas transported in Italy. The remaining (0.1%) of injected natural gas was transported by other 
operators.  
Regasification 
As at the year ended 31 December 2022, Snam operates, through GNL Italia, an LNG terminal located 
in Panigaglia in the Italian province of La Spezia, with a regasification capacity of up to 17,500 cubic 
metres of LNG per day, which, when operating at maximum capacity can inject annually over 3.5 billion 
cubic metres of natural gas into the transportation network. GNL Italia is the third largest operator in 
the Italian market of LNG regasification in terms of regasification capacity. 
Since July 2023 Snam has been operating a second LNG terminal in Piombino Toscana which is owned 
by Snam FSRU Italia which has the ability to provide an additional regasification capacity of 4.5 billion 
cubic meters per year. 
Storage 
Snam holds, through Stogit, ten storage fields under a concession regime with a total available storage 
capacity of 17 billion cubic metres, which represents the 94% of the total capacity in Italy for natural 
gas storage. There are currently two other storage operators active in Italy.  
History 
The name “Snam” dates back to October 1941 when the company “Società Nazionale Metanodotti” (not 
to be confused with the current Snam S.p.A.) was formed for the construction and operation of pipelines 
and the distribution and sale of gas. During the second half of the 20th century, “Società Nazionale

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Metanodotti” continued to develop a network of gas transportation pipelines spreading from the north 
of Italy through the rest of the country as well as international pipelines enabling import from Northern 
Europe, Algeria, Russia and Libya. 
Following the enactment of Legislative Decree No. 164/2000 (the “Letta Decree”) requiring the 
separation of natural gas transportation and dispatching (including LNG regasification) from other 
natural gas activities (See “Regulatory and Legislative Framework”), on 15 November 2000, the 
company Rete Gas Italia S.p.A. was established and, in July 2001, it inherited from “Società Nazionale 
Metanodotti” the natural gas transportation and dispatching and LNG regasification operations. On 27 
July 2001, Rete Gas Italia S.p.A. established GNL Italia S.p.A for the purposes of carrying out the 
regasification activities. 
In October 2001, the Issuer’s corporate name was changed from Rete Gas Italia S.p.A. to Snam Rete 
Gas S.p.A. with the aim of emphasising to the market continuity of the values and skills, as well as 
corporate culture, associated with “Società Nazionale Metanodotti”. 
In December 2001, Snam’s shares were listed on the MTA (mercato telematico azionario) division of 
the Borsa Italiana. In March 2002, Snam’s shares were included the MIB-30 index of Borsa Italiana. In 
September 2002, Snam became a member of the FTSE4Good Index and from September 2009 a 
member of the DJ Sustainability Index, which are a series of indices that measure the financial 
performance of companies that comply with globally-recognised rules on corporate conduct. Snam is 
also included in the FTSEMIB Index and in several leading international indices, including Stoxx 
Europe, S&P Europe, and MSCI Euro indices. 
In June 2009, Snam bought from ENI the entire share capital of Italgas Reti S.p.A. (formerly Italgas 
S.p.A.), Italy’s leading natural gas distributor, and Stogit, the country’s biggest operator in the natural 
gas storage sector. Following suchacquisition, Snam Group became the largest integrated operator in 
the regulated gas sector in continental Europe by the amount of capital invested for regulatory purposes 
(i.e., RAB, regulatory asset base). 
On 1 January 2012, after implementing Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 (“Decree 93/2011”), which 
encodes into national legislation the EU Directives concerning the Third Energy Package, Snam 
modified its corporate structure. The Issuer changed its corporate name from Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. to 
Snam S.p.A. and transferred the transportation and dispatching business to a new company named Snam 
Rete Gas S.p.A., preserving the strength of the brand associated with the leading Italian operator in the 
gas transportation business. Pursuant to the same corporate reorganisation, the “Unbundled Companies 
Administrative Services” and part of the “ICT (information and communication technology)” business 
units were transferred into Snam Group from Eni Adfin S.p.A. and ENI respectively. 
As a result, Snam became a holding company wholly owning the relevant operating companies that 
focus on the management and development of their respective businesses. Snam Rete Gas, the new 
transportation company, was configured as an Independent Transmission Operator, as defined in Italy’s 
implementation of the “Third Energy Package” of the EU10.  
In compliance with the Third Gas Directive, in December 2011 Snam submitted an application to the 
ARERA for Snam Rete Gas to be certified as an Independent Transmission Operator and on 4 October 
2012, the certification (Resolution 403/2012/R/gas) was adopted after the European Commission issued 
a favourable opinion on the preliminary certification adopted by the ARERA (Resolution 
191/2012/E/GAS). 
In accordance with Italian Law Decree No. 1/2012, which was converted into Law 27/2012 on 24 March 
2012, and with Italian Presidential Decree issued on 25 May 2012 (the “May Decree”) pursuant to 
which, inter alia, ENI was required to sell at least 25.1% of the ordinary shares of Snam in the shortest 
 
10 As regards updates on the “Hydrogen and Decarbonised Gas Market Package”, which includes the revisions to the Third Energy Package, 
please refer to the section headed “Regulatory and Legislative Framework”.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
time frame practicable with market conditions, and in any event not later than 25 September 2013. On 
30 May 2012 ENI and CDP announced that their respective boards of directors had approved the sale 
by ENI to CDP of 30% less one share of Snam’s outstanding share capital (i.e. excluding the Issuer’s 
treasury shares (azioni proprie)). 
Upon fulfilment of certain conditions precedent (including approval from the AGCM), on 15 October 
2012 ENI completed the sale to CDP of 1,013,619,522 ordinary shares of Snam, equivalent to 30% 
minus one share of Snam’s voting capital, thereby losing control of Snam. Such transaction followed 
the sale to institutional investors of 5% of Snam’s share capital (equivalent to 5.28% of the voting 
capital) by ENI on 18 July 2012. After October 2012, ENI entered into other transactions pursuant to 
which it sold another portion of its shareholding in Snam.  
Following completion of the ownership unbundling from ENI, in accordance with the procedures set 
out by the May Decree, the ARERA was required to issue a new certification for the transmission system 
operator, i.e. Snam Rete Gas, as provided for by Legislative Decree 93 of 1 June 2011 and, accordingly, 
in December 2012 Snam Rete Gas filed an application to be recertified as a Transmission System 
Operator operating under ownership unbundling. 
With Resolution 7/2013/R/GAS published on 17 January 2013, the ARERA commenced the procedure 
aimed at the re-certification of Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. as Transmission System Operator under 
ownership unbundling pursuant to the Third Gas Directive. On 20 June 2013 the ARERA issued 
Resolution No. 266/2013/R/gas on the preliminary certification of Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. in accordance 
with the ownership unbundling regime. 
On 14 November 2013, the ARERA issued Resolution No. 515/2013/R/gas on the definitive 
certification of Snam Rete Gas as a natural gas transmission operator under ownership unbundling 
requirements as set out by the May Decree. 
Following the sale of part of the shares in CDP RETI by CDP to State Grid of China in the last quarter 
of 2014, with Resolution 20/2015/R/COM of 29 January 2015, the ARERA started a procedure aimed 
at confirming fulfilment of requirements by the ARERA for adopting the certification decision, with 
reference in particular to the shareholder structure and ownership chain of Snam Rete Gas. Such 
procedure ended with a positive outcome in June 2016 and ARERA confirmed compliance with the 
ownership unbundling requirements and the certification decision issued in 2013 (see “Ownership 
Unbundling” below for details and updates). 
On 2 July 2015 the ECB added Snam to the list of issuers whose securities are eligible to be purchased 
under the public sector purchase programme. 
On 7 November 2016, with the initial listing of Italgas S.p.A. (formerly ITG Holding S.p.A.) on the 
Electronic Stock Market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., the separation of Italgas Reti 
S.p.A. (formerly Italgas S.p.A.) from Snam became effective. Following the separation, Snam continues 
to hold a 13.5% equity investment in Italgas.  
On 7 November 2016, the date that the above-mentioned separation took effect, a block voting 
shareholders’ agreement signed on 20 October 2016 by CDP Reti and Snam became effective. Snam 
have the right of early withdrawal in the event that Snam opposes the vote of syndicated shares on 
reserved subjects of an extraordinary nature and Snam does not sell its equity investment in Italgas 
within the next 12 months. Transfers of Snam’s whole equity investment in Italgas are subject to pre-
emptive rights of CDP Reti and to CDP Reti’s prior consent in case of transfer to third parties, which 
will be required to comply with the same provisions under the shareholders’ agreement. Snam may also 
increase its equity investment. The agreement is for three years and is renewable unless notice is given. 
If Snam does not renew it, CDP Reti will have the option to purchase Snam’s equity investment in 
Italgas at fair market value.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
On 22 December 2022 the above shareholders’agreement was amended, effective on 21 March 2023 to 
allow Snam to use up to approximately 54,6 million Italgas shares, corresponding to around 50% of the 
stake currently held by Snam in Italgas, in connection with the issuance by Snam of one or more 
exchangeable bonds.

--- Page 153 ---
Legenda:
Group ownership structure 
Updated to19 July 2024 
Equity investments in Italian companies 
Bioenerys S.r.l. 
Asset .1 
Renovit 5.pA. 
100% 
Greenture 
Enura 
Company 2 
60.05% 
1-2-3 
S.p.A. 
S.p.A. 
1-2-3 
100% 
55% 
100% 
1.2.3 
1-2-3 
1-2.3 
Cubogas S.r.l. 
100% 
1-2-3 
5nam has a 1,86% shareholding in Din. Sc,.  a r.1 and a 1,26 % shareholding in Istituto 
Treccani. 
Snam o funding member of Fondazione Snam 
energia per ispirare it mondo 
vIAV 
• 
Infrastrutture 
Trasporto Gas 
S.p A. 
100% 
1-2-3 
r 
snam 
vor 
Ecos S.r.l. 
33,34% 
4 
SeaCorridor 
49,9% 
4 
RicAssiricAzioNE 
49.07% 4 
O 
1
 St ogit 
S.pA. 
100% 
1-2-3 
•T• 
Italgas 
FaGASSIFICAZIONE 
DISTRIBUZIONE 
7,3% 6 
13,473% 6 
1 - Direction and Coordination 
2 - Consolidation 
3 - Control 
4 - Joint Control 
5 - Associate 
6 - Minority 
Arboba Sri. 
New Energy 
Asset 
Asset 
Asset 
Snam FSRU 
Society 
Carbon 
Company 9 
Company 12 
Company 10 
eteGas .p.A. 
Italia S.cl. 
Benefit 
Capture & 
Sri 
S.r.l. 
S.r.l. 
700%
1.2-3 
100% 
1.2-3 
100% 
1-3 
Storage S.r.l. 
100% 
100% 
1-3 
100% 
1-3 
100% 
1.2-3 
1-3 
PRISMA 
European 
Capacity 
Platform 
GmbH 
14,66% 
Ravenna LNG 
Terminal S.r.l. 
100% 
1.2-3 
FSRU 
Limited. 
100% 
1-2-3 
Industrie De 
Nora S.p.A. 
21,59% 
De Nora 
Itaty 
Hydrogen 
Technologie 
5511_ 
90% 
industria De 
Nora • 
10965narn 
Companies in energy efficiency/hydrogen business) 
Companies in biomethane business 
Sustainable mobility business 
Companies involved in regulated business 
Companies in afforestation business 
 
 
153 
 
Snam Group Structure Chart

--- Page 154 ---
TARVISIO 
PASSO GRIES 
-1-
PANIGAGLIA (LNG) 
m 
m 
m 
t Err 
-rhos. 
LIVORNO OLT (LNG) 
PIOVIBINO 
— 
Pipeline network 
.4- 
Entry/Exit points 
Punti di entr eta 
la 
m 
Compression plants 
Storage plants 
Regasification plants 
Er
 LNG terminals 
WM. FSRU (Floating (*gasification unit) 
MieL WORK IN PROGRESS 
I 
I 
Ii 
•- 1
GORIZIA 
CAVARZERE((HG)
MAZARA DEL VALLO 
Ib 
- 
MELENDUGNO 
NATURAL GAS TRANSPORTATION 
LNG REGASIFICATION 
NATURAL GAS STORAGE 
Entry points 
9 
Operating regasification plants 
Compression stations 
13 
Pipelines under operations 
32.895 .r 
2 
Operating concessions 
 
 
154 
 
Business Overview  
The following map illustrates the current operations and infrastructure of Snam Group's in Italy.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Business Activities of Snam Group 
TRANSPORTATION 
Natural gas transportation is an integrated service providing transportation capacity and the actual 
transportation of gas. Gas is delivered to Snam at the entry points of the Italian gas transmission network 
and then transported to the redelivery points, where the gas is received by the end-users (or stored in the 
storage sites). The natural gas introduced into the national network originates from imports and, to a 
lesser extent, from domestic production. In particular, the gas from abroad is injected into the national 
network through six entry points interconnected to import pipelines (Tarvisio, Gorizia, Gries Pass, 
Mazara del Vallo, Gela and Melendugno) and the four LNG regasification terminals (Panigaglia, 
Cavarzere, Livorno and Piombino). Moreover, Tarvisio, Gorizia, Gries Pass and Melendugno together 
with Bizzarone and San Marino are natural gas exit points interconnected with foreign countries. The 
virtual entry/exit points represented by storage gas fields held by each storage operator should also be 
considered.  
 
Snam, through its subsidiaries Snam Rete Gas and ITG, is the leading natural gas transportation and 
dispatching operator in Italy and owns almost all of the natural gas transportation infrastructure in Italy. 
At the end of 2023, Snam Rete Gas and ITG owned over 32,895 kilometres of high and medium pressure 
gas pipelines (approximately 93% of the entire transportation system in Italy). The transmission system 
is also composed of 13 compressor stations with an overall power capacity of 961 MW. 
The following table shows the extent of Snam’s gas transportation system, through its subsidiaries Snam 
Rete Gas and ITG, as at 31 December 2023: 
 
 
 
 
2023 
Transportation network (kilometres in use) .................................................................... 
 
32,895 
of which national network .............................................................................................. 
 
9,788 
of which regional network .............................................................................................. 
 
23,107 
 
Snam Rete Gas operates four sea terminals in the Italian Regions of Sicily and Calabria that connect 
undersea pipelines to land pipelines. 
The national network also includes gas pipelines that transport natural gas to major urban or industrial 
areas. Natural gas is then transported to industrial and thermoelectric customers and urban distribution 
networks through Snam’s regional network. Snam, through its subsidiaries Snam Rete Gas and ITG, 
has 19 interconnections and mixing facilities and 565 pressure reduction and regulation facilities that 
monitor the flow of natural gas within the network and provide connections between pipeline systems 
operating at different pressure rates. 
The dispatching centre of Snam Rete Gas is located in the Italian town of San Donato Milanese, on the 
outskirts of Milan, and is responsible for monitoring and overseeing the transportation network. 
Beside transportation and dispatching, as the major Italian transportation company Snam Rete Gas also 
carries out other relevant additional activities, including natural gas balancing (Responsabile del 
Bilanciamento) since 2011, in accordance with ARERA Resolution No. ARG/gas 45/2011 of 14 April 
2011. In relation to the balancing service, the Italian TSO has also implemented the Network Code on 
Balancing approved by the European Commission with Regulation (EU) 312/2014, in accordance with 
ARERA Resolutions 470/2015/R/gas of 7 October 2015 and 312/2016/R/gas of 16 June 2016. The new 
regime as implemented in the Snam Rete Gas Network Code has started with the Thermal Year 2016-

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
2017. Snam Rete Gas has a central role in the management of gas emergencies under the MED and 
ARERA provisions and has a central role in carrying out the gas measurement services such as metering 
and meter-reading in accordance with ARERA Resolutions.  
Snam Rete Gas also operates the Virtual Trading Point (Punto di Scambio Virtuale or “PSV”) whose 
primary aim is to supply users (Shippers and other traders) with a virtual meeting point of demand and 
supply where it is possible to make bilateral natural gas transactions on daily basis, with relevant book 
entries for the energy balance of each user. PSV operative working is regulated by the “Conditions for 
using the System to perform exchanges/transfers of gas at the Virtual Trading Point” issued by Snam 
Rete Gas and approved by ARERA under Resolutions No. 137/2002 and 22/2004. In addition, 
transactions on Gas Stock Exchanges in the Italian System (Market Platform of the Gestore dei Mercati 
Energetici S.p.A. – GME, and third-party Stock Market Platforms) are recorded on the PSV through 
GME, which also manages the gas balancing market. 
In December 2012, Snam Rete Gas and other leading European operators of the sector agreed to 
purchase share capital in PRISMA - European Capacity Platform GmbH11. With an initial 19 TSO 
shareholders, PRISMA has since developed into Europe’s leading capacity trading platform with 24 
shareholders from nine different EU countries (Italy, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, 
Slovenia, the Netherlands and UK). It offers transportation capacity through a single shared electronic 
platform12. There are currently 46 European gas transportation operators connected to the platform, 
linking the markets of 19 countries in the core of Europe. 
Snam Rete Gas and Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas are certified by ARERA according to the ownership 
unbundling model pursuant to Article 9 Directive 2009/73/CE and Article 19 Legislative Decree 
93/2011 (see section “Principal Shareholders” - “Ownership Unbundling” below). 
LNG REGASIFICATION 
LNG is natural gas in a liquid state which may be transported by tanker or stored in tanks. The process 
of the extraction of natural gas from the fields, its liquefaction for transport by ship and subsequent 
regasification for use by end-users, is known as the ‘LNG chain’ (Filiera del GNL). This process begins 
in the exporting country, where the natural gas is brought to a liquid state by cooling it to -160 degrees 
Celsius and subsequently loaded onto tankers for shipping to the destination terminal, known as the 
LNG regasification terminal. At the regasification terminal, the LNG is unloaded, heated and returned 
to a gaseous state, and then injected into the natural gas transportation network. 
In Italy, natural gas is also injected into the transportation network from the LNG terminal at Panigaglia 
in the Italian province of La Spezia in Liguria, which is owned by GNL Italia and regasifies up to 17,500 
cubic metres of LNG per day. When operating at maximum capacity this terminal can inject over 3.5 
billion cubic metres of natural gas into the transportation network annually. 
The regasification service carried out by GNL Italia includes unloading the LNG from tankers, storing 
the LNG prior to regasification and injecting LNG into the national network at the Panigaglia entry 
point. LNG regasification services may be provided on a multiannual/annual continuous basis or on a 
spot basis. Supplementary services are also provided, such as the correction of the natural gas’ calorific 
power, which must be done before the gas is injected into the gas transportation system. 
Law Decree (Decreto Legge) 179 of 18 October 2012, which was converted with amendments into Law 
221 of 17 December 2012, concerning “Further urgent measures for the growth of the country”, 
 
11 Pursuant to the Letta Decree the pipelines that form part of the national network of gas pipelines are identified, listened the Conferenza 
Unificata and the ARERA, by decree of the Ministry of Economic Development that provides for its update yearly or on request of a 
company exercising.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
extended the duration of concessions to build and operate the LNG regasification terminals currently in 
operation. 
On 30 September 2015, GNL Italia submitted to the Ministry of Economic Development (“MISE”): (i) 
a formal withdrawal of the application for the “Modernisation and upgrading plant at Panigaglia” 
construction works authorisation, filed on 19 June 2007, and (ii) the application for authorisations that 
take into account the new energy policy guidelines issued by the MISE with the “Consultation document 
for a National Strategy of LNG” (as a result of Directive 2014/94 / EU of the European Parliament).  
On 20 November 2015 the MISE closed the authorisation proceedings for the “Modernisation and 
upgrading plant at Panigaglia” and confirmed the extension of the existing activity. 
Since July 2023 a new LNG terminal has been operating in Piombino (Toscana) which is owned by 
Snam FSRU Italia and has the ability to provide an additional regasification capacity of 4.5 billion cubic 
meters per year. 
STORAGE 
Natural gas is stored in reserves for winter consumption and for peaks in demand which are triggered 
by factors such as exceptionally cold weather and any temporary reductions in gas imports. 
The natural gas storage business in Italy is operated under a concession regime and matches the 
differences between demand for gas consumption and supply from imports and domestic production. 
Imports have a limited variation profile during the year, while gas demand has high seasonal variability 
with winter demand significantly higher than summer. In Italy, all storage gas reserves are located in 
depleted gas fields. 
There are two distinct phases in storage operations: (i) injection phase, generally concentrated between 
April and October, consisting of injecting into storage the natural gas deriving from the national 
transport network; and (ii) the withdrawal phase, usually concentrated between November and March 
of the following year, when the natural gas is extracted from the storage fields, treated, and redelivered 
to users by the transportation network. The storage operations are carried out using integrated 
infrastructure comprised of gas fields, gas treatment plants, compression plants and the operational 
dispatching system. 
The volume of gas moved in the storage system in 2023 by Stogit was 13.7 billion standard cubic metres. 
In 2021 Stogit made available 12.00 billion standard cubic metres of mining, modulation and balancing 
services and retained 4.5 billion standard cubic metres for use as strategic national storage services.  
Stogit is the largest natural gas storage operator in Italy, with a total of ten storage sites under a 
concession regime: five in Lombardy, four in Emilia Romagna and one in Abruzzo.  
The Issuer’s gas storage business is dependent on concessions granted by the MED. Under Law n. 
221/2012 (article 34, comma 18) gas storage concessions granted after the entry into force of the Letta 
Decree last up to 30 years with a single ten-year extension period. The “20+10+10” year regime set out 
in Article 1, comma 61 of Law n. 239/2004 applies to gas storage concessions granted before the Letta 
Decree entered into force. The expiry date of each of Stogit’s concessions is as follows: 
CONCESSION 
EXPIRY DATE 
DATE 
TO 
WHICH 
ALREADY 
EXTENDED 
(IF 
APPLICABLE) 
 
1. 
Brugherio (Lombardy)  
31 December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension)

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
CONCESSION 
EXPIRY DATE 
DATE 
TO 
WHICH 
ALREADY 
EXTENDED 
(IF 
APPLICABLE) 
2. 
Cortemaggiore (Emilia Romagna) 
December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
3. 
Minerbio (Emilia Romagna) 
 
December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
4. 
Ripalta (Lombardia) 
 
31 December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
5. 
Sabbioncello (Emilia Romagna)  
31 December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
6. 
Sergnano (Lombardia)  
31 December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
7. 
Settala (Lombardia) 
 
31 December 2016 
31 December 2026 (first 
extension) 
8. 
Fiume Treste (Abruzzo)  
June 2012 
June 
2022 
(second 
extension) 
9. 
Bordolano (Lombardia)  
November 2031 
N.A. 
10. 
Alfonsine (Emilia Romagna) 
 
December 2016 
N.A. 
With the exception of Bordolano, all the concessions listed above, will expire after a 20-year term and 
are expected to be extended for two additional 10-year terms. The Bordolano concession expires after 
a 30-year term and will be extended once for a 10-year term. Please also refer to “Ownership of storage 
concessions” 
in 
the 
section 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer’s management believes that, taking into account legislation and the modifications entered 
into force under Law n. 221/2012, the Issuer is well positioned to qualify for its concessions to be 
extended upon expiry. 
On 26 July 2023 for the Sergnano concession and on 19 September 2023 for the Ripalta concession the 
Ministry of the Environment and Energy Security issued authorisations relating to expansion of the 
storage capacity through increase in maximum storage pressure.  
OTHER ACTIVITIES 
Since 2017 Snam has been involved in developing merchant infrastructure for new decarbonised 
molecules, and since 2019, in the development of hydrogen initiatives.  
1.  
Merchant infrastructures for new decarbonized molecules: 
Greenture is a company established by Snam to develop and manage national small-scale LNG 
infrastructure projects (such as liquefaction plants, truck loading and vessel reloading infrastructures) 
in the energy midstream value chain, with the aim of increasing the availability of LNG and Bio LNG 
in Italy. Greenture also plans to further expand its business in the downstream sector, by developing a 
network of LNG filling stations, exploring investments opportunities in LNG industrial, residential and 
gas-to-power off-grid storage & regasification units, and in bunkering vessels, with the aim of 
promoting decarbonisation of heavy road and maritime transport, non-electrifiable railways and off-grid

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
users, all of which are currently powered by fuels that produce high levels of polluting and/or climate-
changing emissions.  
Greenture holds: 
• 
100% shareholding in Cubogas, a company which designs, develops and produces 
technological solutions for natural gas fuelling stations for the automotive sector.  
Bioenerys is a company established by Snam, which, through its operating companies, promotes the 
development and management of initiatives in biomethane infrastructure.  
Bioenerys holds, inter alia: 
• 
100% of Bioenerys Ambiente, one of Italy’s leading plant operators for anaerobic digestion of 
organic waste; and 
• 
100% of Bioenerys Agri, one of the leading Italian companies in the design, construction and 
management of biogas and biomethane production plants. 
2.  
Energy efficiency 
Snam established Renovit, a company which aims to promote energy efficiency and, through its 
operating companies, supports clients in reducing their energy expenditure and environmental impact 
and in-crease competitiveness. 
Renovit holds, inter alia: 
• 100% shareholding in Renovit Business Solutions, an energy service company, acquired by Snam 
as part of its strategic plans aimed at facilitating decarbonisation and better energy use in the areas 
where it operates. After the incorporation of TEA Servizi, TEP is also active in the design, 
construction and operation of CHP (combined heat and power) plants and electrical systems for 
industrial customers, with a particular focus on small and medium enterprises and the tertiary sector; 
• 70% shareholding in Renovit Public Solutions,  an operator specialising in management of integrated 
energy and technological services for hospitals and public administration buildings, for the tertiary 
sector and public lighting; and 
• 70% shareholding in Renovit Building Solutions, a company which offers efficiency solutions for 
private homes, urban districts and for public residential construction. 
3. 
Hydrogen 
In November 2019, Snam commenced development of hydrogen initiatives as part of its desired role in 
energy transition.  
Such initiatives include, inter alia, (i) a partnership with ITM Power Plc aimed at developing joint 
projects and initiatives in the hydrogen sector, including the purchase by  Snam of a minority stake 
representing 2.07%, for 33 million Euro, in ITM Power Plc’s share capital. The share capital is to be 
created by way of a capital increase through a firm placing and open offer of 165 million GBP (about 
182 million Euro) which will be subscribed for by Snam and other institutional investors, as well as a 
subscription by ITM’s shareholders for 7 million GBP (about 7 million Euro); and (ii) a strategic stake 
of around 21.59% in Industrie De Nora S.p.A., a global innovator and world leader in sustainable clean 
energy and water treatment technologies. Snam will leverage Industrie De Nora S.p.A.’s technologies 
and know-how to enhance its competitive edge in hydrogen projects. 
4. 
Carbon Capture and Storage - CCS

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
In July 2022, Snam established a Decarbonisation Unit with the aim of widening its role in the energy 
transition by extending its efforts beyond the development of hydrogen and renewables initiatives to 
also include CCS initiatives. 
CCS activities focus on the development of the CCS Ravenna Hub, an unincorporated Italian joint 
venture with Eni. The project foresees a start-up phase, with the injection of 25.000 tons of CO2 in 
depleted gas reservoirs offshore from Ravenna, planned for Q1 2024. The CCS Ravenna Hub is the first 
further development stage in Italy at industrial scale, and aims to transport and store 4 million tons per 
year of CO2. The CO2 will be captured at emission sites in the Pianura Padana region of Italy and will 
be collected and transported via dedicated pipelines to the Ravenna storage. 
Snam is active in CCS and decarbonisation initiatives in UK and Ireland, with a strategic indirect stake 
of 50% in dCarbonX and of 5.18% in Storegga.

--- Page 161 ---
Legend:
Group ownership structure 
Equity investments in foreign companies 
snam 
Gasrule 
Insurance 
DAC 
100% 
1-2-3 
I TM Power 
Plc 
2,07% 
6 
East 
Mediterranean 
Gas Company 
SAE. (EMG) 
25% 
5 
-
1§a
l
Storegga 
Ltd. 
5,18% 
6 
Interconnector 
Ltd 
23,68% 
5 
• 
Snam 
International BV 
100% 
1-2-3 
• 
Intercomector 
Zeebrugge 
TerminalBV 
25% 
(48% 
Interconnector Ltd; 
1% ILC) 
5 
I 
I 
FL Zeebrugge 
NV. 
2596 
6 
TransAdriatic 
PipelineAG 
(TAP) 
20% 
5 
left 
energia per ispirare it mondo 
—7 
Snam Energy 
• 
Services Private 
Ltd. 
1% 
(99% Seam 
International BV) 
1-3 
Seam Gas& 
Energy 
SeNices 
(Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
100% 
1-3 
Albanian Gas
Service
Company SRA 
25% 
5 
DCarbonX 
Ltd. 
50% 
5 
dCarbonX 
Ireland 
Limited 
100% 
5 
Cods 
United 
10:96 
5 
Kestrel 
Erergy 
Storage 
DAC 
33,33% 
 U 
dCarbonX 
Shannon 
Limited 
100% 
5 
Senftuga = = 
Energy 
Infrastructure 
Holdings SA 
54% 
Hellenic Gas 
Transmission 
System 
Operator SA 
(DESFA) 
66% 
5 
dCa boN 
c-1-
1Car bon! 
Bains 
Doblh 
Linked 
Urnted 
100% 
100% 
5 
5 
I 
Terega 
Holding SAS 
40,5% 
4 
Terega 
SAS. 
100% 
4 
Terega SA 
100% 
4 
1 
TereHY 
100% 
4 
TAG GmbH 
84,47% 
(15,53% GCA) 
4 
Terega 
Solutions SAS 
100% 
4 
1 - Direction and coordination 
2 — Consolidation 
3 — Control 
4 —Joint Control 
5 — Associate 
6 — Minority 
AS 
• 
Gasinfrastruktu 
Beteiligung 
Gm bH 
40% 
4 
AS 
Gasinfra struktur 
GmbH 
100% 
4 
Gas Connect 
Austria GmbH 
(GCA) 
49% 
5 
Galaxy Pipeline X 
Assets HoldCo 
Limited. 
12,327% 
Galaxy Pipeline 
Asset BidCo 
Limited. 
100% 
5 
ADNOCGas 
PipebneAssets 
U-C 
47,7% 
6 
 
 
161 
 
INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
The European Third Energy Package promotes integrated development of infrastructure and common rules for 
network access in different countries in Europe. In line with European Third Energy Package, and in order to 
take advantage of the privileged position it enjoys in Europe’s gas corridors, Snam has increased its focus on 
the international scene in recent years. 
Since 2012 Snam has engaged in strategic partnerships and M&A operations abroad, reshaping its role within 
the European infrastructure system. 
Snam initiatives in the European market aim to promote cross-border flows and to link gas markets especially 
along the so-called South-North Corridor. 
Details on regulation of international activities are available on page 235 et seq. (Regulatory – Tariffs of 
International Activities) of the Base Prospectus.  
Interconnector  
In 2012 Snam, with Fluxys, acquired through their two jointly owned companies Gasbridge 1 and Gasbridge 
2, the following: 
(a)  
31.5% stake in Interconnector (formerly Interconnector UK); 
(b)  
51% of IZT;  
(c)  
10% of Huberator S.A., a subsidiary of Fluxys - liquidated in 2016 following the transfer to Fluxys, in 
2015, of its entire business.   
In January 2018, an agreement was reached for Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec (CDPQ) to sell 33.5% 
of Interconnector to Fluxys. In March 2018, Gasbridge 1 and Gasbridge 2 - exercised their pre-emption right 
and finalised the acquisition of a 7.93% stake each 
In April 2018, Snam sold to Fluxys the shares it held in Gasbridge 1, and bought shares held by Fluxys in 
Gasbridge 2. Snam became the sole owner of Gasbridge 2 and therefore indirect owner of 23.68% of 
Interconnector and 25% of IZT. Gasbridge 2 has been subsequently renamed Snam International B.V. 
Interconnector owns and operates a 235 km subsea natural gas bidirectional pipeline between Bacton (UK) 
and Zeebrugge (BE), as well as one receiving terminal and compression station in each of Bacton and in 
Zeebrugge. This pipeline links the UK to Belgium with a maximum capacity of 20 bcm/y from the UK to 
Belgium and 25.5 bcm/y from Belgium to the UK. In 2015, the British Energy Regulator (Ofgem) and the 
Belgian Energy Regulator (CREG) certificated Interconnector under the Ownership Unbundling regime.  
TEREGA 
On 30 July 2013, following receipt of all required approvals, including the anti-trust approval from the 
European Commission, Snam purchased a 45% indirect stake in the second largest French transport and storage 
operator, TIGF (now, TEREGA). The Singaporean sovereign investment fund GIC and Electricité de France 
(EDF) held indirectly the remaining 35% and 20%, respectively. In July 2014, TEREGA was certified under 
the Ownership Unbundling regime by the French Energy Regulator (CRE - Commission de régulation de 
l’énergie).  
In 2015, Crédit Agricole Assurances (“Predica”) purchased 10% of the share capital of TEREGA Holding 
S.A.S.. In 2022 Predica transferred 1% of its shares in TEREGA Holding S.A.S. to one of its wholly owned 
subsidiaries, namely Crédit Agricole Assurances Retraite. As a result, Snam currently indirectly holds 40.5% 
of the share capital of TEREGA. GIC, EDF Predica and Crédit Agricole Assurances Retraite holds indirectly 
the remaining 31.5%, 18%, 9% and 1% respectively. 
TEREGA is based in Pau, employing approximately 650 people. It owns and operates a network of gas 
pipelines stretching over more than 5,000 km, transporting approximately 15% of the total gas transported in 
France. TEREGA also operates 2 aquifer storage facilities with a total storage capacity of approximately 6

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Bcm (working gas 2.7 Bcm), approximately 25% of French storage capacity. In 2017 a law regulating storage 
became effective in France. In February 2018 the French Regulator CRE defined the key parameters of the 
regulation; the new regulated regime has been in place with effect from 1 January 2018. 
Teréga Solutions is 100% owned by Teréga S.A.S. and incorporated in 2019. Teréga Solutions operates in new 
businesses sectors (e.g. H2, biomethane, CNG mobility) and in the sale of digital services. In 2020, Teréga 
Solutions acquired a minority stake in two companies active in the biomethane sector. In 2021 Teréga Solutions 
acquired a minority stake in Hydrogen de France (HDF, listed on Euronext, Paris stock exchange).  
TeréHY S.A.S. (a company 100% owned by TEREGA) is a company incorporated in 2024 active in regulated 
hydrogen activity. 
TAG 
In December 2014 Snam acquired 84.47% of the share capital of TAG (with economic rights equal to 89.22%).  
The remaining 15.53% of the share capital of TAG (corresponding to 10.78% of the economic rights) is held 
by GCA.  
In September 2015 E-Control certified TAG as an Independent Transmission System Operator. 
TAG is based in Vienna and owns and operates pipelines and related plants between Baumgarten, on the 
Austrian border with Slovakia, and Arnoldstein, on the border with Italy (Tarvisio). It consists of three parallel 
lines extending approximately 380 km each, 5 compressor stations, and auxiliary plants with an overall length 
of about 1,140 km. TAG’s operations are entirely subject to Austrian regulation. 
In April 2018, TAG completed a refinancing exercise relating to its debt capital market instruments and 
banking facilities, resulting in a significant increase in the maturity and the fixed rate portion of its debt and a 
strong reduction in the interest rate risk. 
In July 2024, TAG changed its name from "Trans Austria Gasleitung GmbH" to "TAG GmbH". 
TAP 
In December 2015, Snam acquired 20% interest in the TAP (registered in Baar, canton Zug, Switzerland), 
from Statoil Holding Netherlands B.V., for euro 130 million. Snam also replaced Statoil in the shareholders’ 
loan granted to TAP (at the date of the acquisition equal to euro 78 million) and took over all of Statoil’s rights 
and obligations related to the development of the pipeline project. 
On 15 June 2021, Snam transferred its entire shareholding in TAP to Snam International B.V., a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Snam. 
In addition to Snam International B.V., the other shareholders of TAP are BP Pipelines TAP Limited (20%), 
Fluxys Europe B.V. (20%), Enagas Internacional S.L.U. (20%) and AzTAP GmbH (20%). TAP operates the 
Trans Adriatic Pipeline, spanning from the Turkey-Greece border to Italy along the South Corridor crossing 
Greece, Albania and the Adriatic Sea, to import to Europe 10 Bcm/y of Azeri gas, throughexit points in Greece 
and Italy. The pipeline has expansion potential of up to 20 Bcm/y and reverse-flow. 
TAP pipeline is 878 kilometres in length (Greece 550 km; Albania 215 km; Adriatic Sea 105 km; Italy 8 km) 
starting near Kipoi on the border between Turkey and Greece, where it is connected with the Trans Anatolian 
Pipeline (TANAP), and terminates upon connection with the Italian natural gas network. The asset consists of 
48-inch (1,200 mm) pipes with a pressure of 95 bars (9,500 kPa) on the onshore section and 36-inch (910 mm) 
pipes with a pressure of 145 bars (14,500 kPa) on the offshore and the Italian section, with two compressor 
stations one in Greece and one in Albania and a receiving terminal in Italy. 
In April 2016, the national regulatory authorities of Albania (ERE), Greece (RAE, and now RAWEW) and 
Italy (ARERA) certified TAP on the basis of the independent transmission operator (ITO) model. The TAP

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
project has been recognised as a Project of Common Interest (PCI) by the European Commission under the 4th 
PCI list.  
In 2017 Snam, through the Global Solutions Business Unit, signed a contract with TAP whereby Snam 
provided services to TAP relating to the realisation of the Italian portion of the transport infrastructures.  
As of November 2020, TAP has finalised preparations for launching the commercial operations and offering 
capacity to the market in alignment with the adjacent TSOs. In addition, the interconnection point between the 
TAP pipeline and Snam Rete Gas’ natural gas transmission system in Puglia (Italy) has been completed and is 
operational for transport of gas. The Commercial Operation Date (COD) was 15 November 2020, on this date 
the TAP pipeline was filled with natural gas from the Greek-Turkish border up to the pipeline receiving 
terminal in Southern Italy. On 31 March 2021, financial completion took place. On 3 May 2022 TAP and EXA 
Infrastructure (the largest digital infrastructure platform connecting Europe and North America) signed a 
memorandum of understanding (MoU) for a joint venture (JV) to build a new fibre route connecting France 
with Turkey in a major expansion of EXA Infrastructure’s European network. On 26 September 2022, TAP 
and EXA successfully achieved completion of the joint venture transaction of Trans Adriatic Express (TAE). 
The TAE network is currently in operation.  
The first binding capacity offer of the market test launched in 2021 took place between the end of 2022 and 
the beginning of 2023. The positive outcome of the binding capacity offer led to the signing of gas 
transportation contracts for a total of 1.2 bcm/year starting from 2026.  
The second binding capacity offer of the 2021 market test was launched in October 2023 and closed in January 
2024. 
Whilst the 2021 Market Test was closed, the 2023 Market Test is ongoing.  
The project proposal of the 2023 market test will include the installation of electrical compressors enabling the 
reduction of CO2 emissions.  
Potential incremental capacity requests together with the upgrading of the Adriatic Line, will strengthen the 
South-North gas route, through which TAP will be able to transport a greater quantity of gas to Northern Italy 
and Central Europe.  
GCA 
In December 2016 Snam, in consortium with Allianz group, acquired 49% of the share capital of Gas Connect 
Austria GmbH from OMV, the international integrated oil and gas group based in Vienna. The acquisition has 
been completed by the consortium through a jointly controlled vehicle indirectly owned 40%/60% by Snam 
and Allianz respectively, which has secured non-recourse financing commitments up to euro 310,000,000 by 
a pool of international banks. 
The total cash consideration paid by the consortium to OMV is equal to euro 601,000,000, which includes euro 
147,000,000 for the pro-rata reimbursement of the existing shareholder loan through entering into a new 
shareholder loan with GCA.  
The transaction became effective on 1 January 2016. OMV, which was entitled to keep the full dividend in the 
amount of euro 80,000,000 paid by GCA for the financial year 2015, held the remaining 51% of the share 
capital of GCA. 
In July 2017, Snam and Allianz group refinanced of GCA’s acquisition vehicle, primarily through a long tenor 
private placement replacing the existing bank-based acquisition financing.  
On 31 May 2021, Verbund AG, Austria’s leading electricity company and one of the largest hydropower 
producers in Europe, purchased 51% of GCA's shares from OMV and agreed to assume all the outstanding 
liabilities of GCA to OMV on the closing date.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
GCA is an Austrian Independent Transmission System Operator active in both the transmission and 
distribution sectors. It operates an 886 km long natural gas high-pressure pipeline grid in Austria, providing 
transportation capacity to meet domestic natural gas demand and supporting exports to Europe. 
Group captive insurance – Gasrule Insurance DAC 
Snam’s board of directors on 12 February 2013 approved a new insurance programme based on the creation 
of a captive insurance company based in Ireland. 
Following authorisation from the Central Bank of Ireland dated 15 July 2014, the captive insurance company 
Gasrule Insurance DAC (“Gasrule”) has been operating since July 2014. The company is headquartered in 
Dublin and is wholly owned by Snam. The corporate purpose of Gasrule is to cover Snam Group’s industrial 
risks. 
On 10 July 2014, Snam paid euro 19,999,999 by way of a capital increase. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Gasrule’s share capital consists of 20,000,000 shares, each with a par value of euro 1. In order to 
comply with the provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014, on 23 March 2016 Gasrule was re-registered as 
Gasrule Insurance Designated Activity Company (DAC). 
DESFA 
On 20 December 2018, a consortium consisting of Snam (60%), Enagás Internacional S.L.U. (20%) and Fluxys 
Europe B.V. (20%) acquired of a 66% stake in Hellenic Gas Transmission System operator S.A. (“DESFA”), 
the national operator in the natural gas infrastructure sector, from the Hellenic Republic Asset Development 
Fund (HRADF) and Hellenic Petroleum for a consideration equal to euro 535 million.  
The consortium, which was awarded the tender for the DESFA privatisation in April 2018, made the 
acquisition through Senfluga Energy Infrastructure Holdings S.A. (“Senfluga”), obtained non-recourse 
acquisition finance corresponding to approximately 65% of the enterprise value, to be redeemed in over 10 
years. 
In December 2018, the national regulatory authorities of Greece (RAE, now RAEWW) certified DESFA under 
the ownership unbundling (OU) model.  
DESFA owns and operates on a fully regulated basis:  
• 
a gas transmission network in Greece constituting of transmission branches with a total length of 
approximately 1.500 km, which extend from the main transmission pipeline and supply natural gas to 
the regions of Eastern Macedonia, Thrace, Thessaloniki, Platy, Volos, Trikala, Oinofyta, Antikyra, 
Aliveri, Korinthos, Megalopoli, Thisvi and Attica; and 
• 
the LNG regasification terminal “Revithoussa” which is directly connected to the Hellenic gas 
transmission system. The terminal was upgraded in June 2022 with the lease and installation of a 
floating storage unit.  
In January 2020, Snam and the other shareholders of Senfluga, Enagás Internacional S.L.U. and Fluxys Europe 
B.V., completed the transfer of a 10% stake in the corporate capital of Senfluga, proportionate to their 
shareholding, in favour of a Greek investor, DAMCO Energy S.A.. Snam currently holds 54% of the share 
capital of Senfluga. 
 
On 4 November 2020, DESFA signed an agreement to buy – subject to conditions precedent, including final 
clearance from the relevant Antirust Authority whose filing process is still ongoing - a 20% stake in Gastrade 
S.A. (“Gastrade”), a company which is developing the Alexandroupolis LNG project, an offshore LNG 
terminal in northern Greece. The acquisition closed on 30 December 2021. The floating terminal, a European 
Project of Common Interest (PCI), started operating on 1 October 2024. It has a capacity of 5.5 billion cubic 
metres of gas per year and the cost is of 380 million euro. It strengthens security of supply and diversifies

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
sources and routes of energy in the Balkan area. 
 
In December 2020, DESFA signed a contract for a minimum of five years for operation and maintenance 
services for the LNGI (Liquefied Natural Gas Import) plant Al-Zour, the new liquefied natural gas terminal of 
the Kuwaiti state company, KIPIC. The LNGI Terminal is one of the largest LNG storage and regasification 
stations in the world, with eight liquefied gas storage tanks with a capacity of 225.000m3 each. With this 
contract the company acquires a presence in the international environment. 
 
Albanian Gas Service Company  
At the end of November 2018, Snam and Albgaz SH.A. (“Albgaz”) established a joint venture (Albanian Gas 
Service Company Sh.a., “AGSCo”) to provide management and maintenance (O&M) of the Albanian section 
of the TAP pipeline. 75% of AGSCo’s share capital is held by Albgaz and, the remaining 25% by Snam.  
AGSCo signed its first contract for maintenance of the TAP pipeline in Albanian territory at the end of 
December 2018. The set-up of the joint venture and the execution of the contract follows the conclusion of an 
international tender called by Albgaz for selection of a qualified partner able to support the Albanian company. 
The joint venture opens up potential future technical collaborations for the development of the local gas market. 
Snam Gas & Energy Services (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
In the first quarter of 2019, Snam established its local presence in China, incorporating a company (Snam Gas 
& Energy Services (Beijing) Co., Ltd.) as a means to better analyse the Chinese gas infrastructure market and 
potential related business opportunities. 
ADNOC Gas Pipeline Assets LLC 
In July 2020, a consortium made up of Snam, Global Infrastructure Partner (GIP), Brookefield Asset 
Management, GIC, Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and NH Investment & Securities completed the acquisition 
of 49% of ADNOC Gas Pipeline from Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (“ADNOC”). 
ADNOC Gas Pipeline holds, the tariff-based rights for a period of 20 years for the infrastructures (38 pipelines) 
that connect ADNOC upstream activities to Abu Dhabi’s consumption points, and the export and 
interconnection terminal to neighboring Emirates. The remaining 51% of ADNOC Gas Pipeline is controlled 
by ADNOC. 
The transaction valued 100% of ADNOC Gas Pipeline at approximately 20.7 billion dollars. The consortium 
obtained approximately 8 billion dollars in funding from a pool of international banks. The equity contribution 
is distributed proportionally amongst the members of consortium, who all hold equal shares with exception of 
the leader, GIP. The cost to Snam amounted to approximately 250 million dollars.  
For Snam, which is the consortium’s sole industrial operator, this is an important investment opportunity in 
strategic infrastructure, with the potential for future collaborations in the energy transition in the Gulf area. 
Key Operating Figures  
The table below provides some key operating figures for Snam Group’s business at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023: 
 
2022 
2023 
Natural gas transportation (a) 
 
Natural gas injected into the national gas transportation network 
(billions of cubic metres)  
75.40 
64.07 
Transportation network (kilometres in use) 
32,862 
32,8952

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) regasification (a) 
 
 
LNG regasification (billions of cubic metres) 
2.24 
3.724 
Allocated Capacity (million of cubic meters of liquid) 
3.99 
7.57 
Natural gas storage (a) 
 
Available storage capacity (billions of cubic metres) (b) 
12.00 
12.18 
Natural gas moved through the storage system (billions of cubic 
metres) 
18.47 
13.72 
Employees in service at year end (number) (c)  
 
 
3,610 
3.798 
by business segments: 
 
 
– Transportation 
1,903 
1,962 
– Regasification 
66 
81 
– Storage  
70 
70 
– Energy Transition 
522 
614 
– Corporate and other activities (d) 
1,049 
1,071 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
_________ 
Notes 
(a) With regards to 2022, gas volumes are expressed in standard cubic metres (SCM) with an average higher heating value (HHV) of 38.1 MJ/SCM 
(10.573 kWh/SCM) for transportation and regasification activities and 39.3 MJ/SCM (10.919 Kwh/SCM) natural gas storage for the thermal year 2022-
2023. 
(b) Working gas capacity for modulation, mining and balancing services, allocated in full for the thermal year 2020-2021. 
(c) Fully consolidated companies. The change is mainly attributable to the Energy transition segment and reflects the entry of new resources due to the 
change in the scope of consolidation (60 resources) as well as new entries for the expansion of the business. 
(d) Operating segment subject to separate reporting from 31 December 2022. The values for previous years have been consistently restated.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, Snam Group had 3,798 employees. The tables below show the number of personnel 
employed in each contractual position, the number employed by each company and by each Business Unit: 
 
Personnel in service by position (number) 
2022 
2023 
Executives    .................................................................................................................... 
145 
139 
Managers    ...................................................................................................................... 
639 
675 
Office workers  .............................................................................................................. 
1,925 
2.037 
Manual workers............................................................................................................. 
841 
875 
3,430 
3,798 
 
 
Personnel in service by Business Unit 
2022 
2023 
Change 
BU Industrial Assets (*) 
…..................................................................................................... 
2,201 
2,273 
72 
BU International & Business Development & Global Solutions 
(**).................................................................................................. 
24 
28 
4 
BU Energy Transition (***) 
524 
614 
90 
BU Hydrogen 
38 
40 
2 
Staff (****) 
724 
744 
20 
Greenture (*****) 
99 
99 
0 
3,610 
3,798 
188 
__ 
(*) Includes personnel in service at Snam S.p.A. (BU BUAIT), Snam Rete Gas S.p.A., Gnl Italia S.p.A., Stoccaggi gas Italia S.p.A., Enura S.p.A. and 
SNAM FSRU Italia 
(**) Includes personnel in service at Snam International B.V., Snam Global Solutions, BU International Asset Management & Business Development. 
(***) Includes personnel in service in BU Energy Transition Snam S.p.A., Bioenerys Agri S.r.l., Cubogas S.r.l., TEP S.r.l., Bioenerys Ambiente S.r.l., 
Ecoprogetto Milano S.r.l. (now BYS Ambiente Impianti S.r.l.), Ecoprogetto Tortona S.r.l. (merged into  BYS Ambiente Impianit), Enersi, Renerwaste 
Lodi S.r.l. (merged into BYS Ambiente Impianiti S.r.l.), Renerwaste Cupello S.r.l. (the corporate shareholdings s were sold on 19 July 2024), Renovit 
Public Solutions S.p.A., Renovit Building Solutions S.p.A., Renovit S.p.A., Bioenerys S.r.l., Biowaste CH4 Anzio S.r.l. (merged into in BYS Ambiente 
Impianit S.r.l.), Biowaste CH4 Foligno S.r.l. (merged into e BYS Ambiente Impianiti S.r.l.), Biowaste CH4 Genova S.r.l. (merged into BYS Ambiente 
Impianiti S.r.l.), Biowaste CH4 Tuscania S.r.l., (merged into BYS Ambiente Impianit s.r.l. Biowaste CH4 Legnano S.r.l., Biowaste CH4 Energy S.r.l., 
Bietfin s.r.l.. (merged into Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.).  
(****) Includes personnel in service at Gasrule Ltd, Snam Rete Gas S.p.A., Snam S.p.A. and personnel included in BU COMMERCIAL, 
REGULATION & DEVELOPMENT.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
(*****) Includes personnel in service at Greenture S.p.A., Cubogas S.r.l. 
 
Research and Development 
Through its subsidiaries, Snam innovates with the aim of ensuring reliability in the management of its 
activities.  
Snam is a member of GERG (European Gas Research Group, www.gerg.info), through which it can share 
research and innovation projects and establish synergies with other European transporters and distributors of 
natural gas. It is involved in a project for the evaluation of methods used at international level to estimate 
natural gas emissions. Snam is also a member of the EPRG (European Pipeline Research Group, 
www.eprg.net), an association that researches pipeline-related topics and counts Europe’s biggest gas 
transportation and pipeline manufacturing companies among its members. Within this framework, projects 
(divided into three broad areas: Design, Materials and Corrosion) are in place to continually improve expertise 
in managing the integrity of methane pipelines throughout their life cycle. Currently, the projects of key interest 
for Snam concern: (i) the study of a new model for evaluating the integrity of pipelines subjected to mechanical 
damage and its correlation with the most recent tools for the detection and measurements of damages in 
operating pipelines and (ii) the acceptability of girth weld defects based on actual defect shapes and last 
generation NDT (Non Destructive Testing). 
In 2017, Snam concluded the “Gas Transportation Network Asset Maintenance System” project (“Sistema 
Manutenzione Asset Rete Trasporto Gas SMART GAS” project), which provides a complete overhaul of 
Operation & Maintenance work processes and rules relating to the transportation network, the remote control 
and metering facilities. In 2018, the system was applied to the compression stations and storage plants. In 
2020, it was also applied in LNG regasification terminal. Today, the system is managed with a continuous 
improvement approach. 
Gas control field devices upgrading project to enhance remote control is ongoing. In 2019 the Smart Device 
project has started, to increase the “intelligence” and automation of the gas network. This project was included 
in the innovation program SnamTEC Operations (Tomorrow’s Energy Company) together with 57 other 
projects covering Operation & Maintenance, Gas Operation, Asset Integrity and Enhanced Asset. The Smart 
Device project covers pipelines, compression stations and storage plants. 
Following a feasibility study, Snam is now in the engineering phase to install a turboexpander in one of its 
plants. Pressure drop at the Reduction and Regulation plants is necessary to delivery gas to the end users, and 
this be used to self- produce energy. Normally this energy is lost by using valves lamination. The 
Turboexpander will substitute valves in a PILOT plant, as a case study. 
With regard to decarbonisation activities, in 2021 Snam created a technology development and R&D team 
operating in the hydrogen field. Various projects have been carried out in collaboration with a network of 
leading universities, focusing on technologies along the entire value chain: hydrogen compression, separation, 
production and use. These R&D centers, forming the “Snam Hydrogen Innovation Center”, are Politecnico di 
Milano, Politecnico di Torino, Università di Bologna, Università di Modena e Reggio Emilia, Università di 
Trieste and University of California Irvine. Furthermore, Snam has obtained a significant amount of European 
funding from the Horizon Europe programme, forming a project consortia with leading industrial and academic 
partners. 
Cybersecurity Strategy 
Since 2018, with the creation of the Global Security and Cyber Defence Department, Snam has developed its 
own holistic cybersecurity strategy, which is based on a framework defined in accordance with standard 
principles on the subject and which focuses constant attention on Italian and European regulatory 
developments, with particular focus on the world of critical infrastructures and essential services. First and 
foremost, this strategy involves adapting Snam’s own processes to the provisions of standards ISO/IEC 27001

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(Information Security Management Systems) and ISO 22301 (Business Continuity Management Systems) and 
the formal certification of conformity to the listed standards. 
Alongside this and in accordance with technological developments, solutions aimed at protecting the Issuer 
from cyber threats and malware are assessed and, where deemed appropriate, implemented. More specifically, 
Snam has created a model for cybersecurity incident management aimed at preventing and, when necessary, 
ensuring timely remediation in the event an incident that could damage the confidentiality and integrity of the 
information processed and the IT systems used. At the base of the model is a Security Incident Response Team 
which, using technologies that collect and correlate all the security events recorded on the entire perimeter of 
the company’s IT infrastructure, has the task of monitoring all the anomalous situations from which negative 
impacts may result for the company and to activate, where necessary, escalation plans suitable to guarantee 
the involvement of the various operating structures. In recent years, Snam has strengthened its security 
intelligence capabilities by implementing new processes and technologies designed to monitor and anticipate 
emerging external threats. With reference to the management of information in support of the business 
processes, it is considered appropriate to stress that the company owns the asset (fibre) used for the 
transportation of data to and from the territory; this results in intrinsically greater security thanks to the lack of 
dependency on the service provided by third parties and the possibility of making exclusive use of the 
communication channel. Lastly, as part of cyber incident management (preventive and reactive), information-
sharing with national and European institutions and peers is used in order to improve the capacity and speed 
of response following various possible negative events.   
A great deal of attention is also paid to increasing awareness and specialist training of personnel to facilitate 
the identification of weak signals and raising awareness of risks of a cyber nature that could occur during the 
course of normal work activities. 
Financing  
During the last two years, the optimisation of the Group’s financial structure continued, with a view to make 
it better fit with business requirements in terms of debt duration and exposure to interest rates, reducing the 
overall cost of borrowing. 
On 12 January 2022, Snam successfully issued its first Sustainability-Linked Bond amounting to 1.5 billion 
euro, in two tranches of 850 million euro (due June 2029 at 0.75% coupon) and 650 million euro (maturing 
June 2034 at 1.25% coupon).  
On 17 January 2022, Snam completed a bond buyback for a nominal amount of approximately 350 million 
euro. This transaction is consistent with Snam’s debt structure and cost of capital optimisation process and in 
line with the company’s targets, thereby increasing the recourse to sustainable finance over total funding.  
On 20 March 2022, 400 million euro convertible bond expired of which ca. 96% converted (starting from 
December 2021 to March 2022) in equity through ca. 80 million of treasury shares delivered to the investors 
and remaining part reimbursed in cash. 
On 28 November 2022, Snam successfully issued its first EU taxonomy aligned transition bonds amounting to 
euro 300 million due December 2026 with a coupon of 3.375%.  
On 22 September 2023, Snam successfully issued its first EU taxonomy-aligned transition bonds exchangeable 
for existing ordinary shares of Italgas due 2028 for a nominal amount of euro 500 million. The coupon is equal 
to 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on 29 March and 29 September of each year. The bonds 
have a maturity of 5 years and at maturity will be redeemed at their principal amount (except in case of early 
redemption, exchange or purchase and cancellation), subject to the Issuer’s option to deliver Italgas shares and, 
as the case may be, an additional amount in cash.  
Snam will have the option but not the obligation to deliver Italgas shares to the bondholders.  This option, 
which is reserved only for Snam, can be exercised within the limits set forth under the relevant shareholders' 
agreement in place between Snam and CDP Reti, which provides for a cap as to the maximum number of

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Italgas shares that can be used by Snam for the purposes of such exchange option, such cap being equal to 
6.75% of Italgas share capital (i.e. 54,616,646 shares) , corresponding to approximately 50% of the stake 
currently held by Snam in Italgas. 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of the offering of the exchangeable bonds to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, existing and/or future eligible projects, as set forth in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework 
available on the Issuer’s website. 
After 1H 2023 results, Snam entered into bilateral ESG term loan facilities for a principal amount of euro 1,100 
million with core relationship banks to cover the financial needs foreseen for 2023 and the beginning of 2024. 
On 20 November 2023, Snam successfully issued its second EU taxonomy aligned transition bonds amounting 
to euro 650 million due November 2029 with a coupon of 4.00%.  
On 12 February 2024, Snam successfully launched euro 1.5 billion sustainable financing, in dual tranche, a 
Green Bond for 500 million euros due in February 2028 with a coupon of 3.375%, and a Sustainability-Linked 
Bond (SLB) for euro 1 billion due in February 2034 with a coupon of 3.875%. 
On 8 April 2024, Snam successfully issued a euro 750 million floating rate bond with a coupon of 3-month 
EURIBOR plus 0.40%. 
On 24 May 2024, Snam signed a new sustainability-linked credit line, for a total amount of Euro 1 billion, 
structured as a committed and revolving facility linked to sustainability targets. 
On 28 June 2024, Snam signed with EIB a financing agreement for Euro 100 million to support energy 
improvement projects in public buildings and energy efficiency measures for industrial activities. 
During 2024, Snam entered into bilateral ESG term loan facilities for a principal amount of Euro 750 million 
with core relationship banks to cover financial needs. 
On 3 September 2024, Snam successfully launched its inaugural hybrid bond for Euro 1 billion with a coupon 
of 4.500%. 
Share Buyback Plan and Incentive Plan 
The ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Snam held on 27 April 2022, approved - after revocation of the 
authorisation for the purchase of treasury shares granted by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of 28 April 
2021, for any part not yet exercised- the purchase of treasury shares, to be made in one or more tranches, over 
a maximum period of 18 months, with a maximum disbursement of 500 million euro, and without exceeding 
6.50% of the share capital subscribed and paid-up (taking into account the treasury shares already held by the 
Issuer). 
 
In July 2022, Snam assigned 1,760,307 shares to the beneficiaries of the long term share incentive plan in 
respect of the shares maturing 2019. On the same date, Snam bought back 750,404 shares from the 
beneficiaries, in order to offset for the fiscal burden resulting from the plan. 
 
On 4 May 2023, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Snam resolved to authorise – after revocation of the 
authorisation for the purchase of treasury shares granted by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of 27 April 
2022, for any part not yet exercised- the purchase of treasury shares, to be made in one or more tranches, over 
a maximum period of 18 months, with a maximum amount of 500 million euro, and not exceeding 4.50% of 
the share capital subscribed and paid-in (taking into account the treasury shares already held by the Issuer). 
 
In July 2023, Snam assigned 1,468,158 shares to the beneficiaries of the Long Term Share Incentive Plan with 
reference to the shares matured for 2020. On the same date, Snam bought back 611,300 shares from the 
beneficiaries, in order to compensate for the fiscal burden deriving from the plan.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
The ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Snam held on 7 May 2024 approved - after revoking the authorisation 
to purchase treasury shares granted by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of 4 May 2023, for the part not yet 
exercised - the purchase of treasury shares, in one or more tranches, over a maximum period of 18 months, 
with a maximum revolving limit of 110,000,000 Snam ordinary shares, representing approximately 3.27% of 
the Snam's subscribed and paid-up share capital, including shares already owned by Snam and for a maximum 
amount of euro 500 million.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam holds 6,461,439 shares equal to 0.192% of Snam’s share capital. 
Euro Commercial Paper (“ECP”) Programme 
Snam’s board of directors’ meeting held on 2 October 2018 approved a Euro Commercial Paper Programme 
(“ECP Programme”) and the issue of one or more Euro Commercial Papers through the ECP Programme 
within 2 years from 2 October 2018 for a maximum amount of euro 1 billion, increased by the amount 
corresponding to the Euro Commercial Papers redeemed during the same period and to be placed with 
institutional investors.  
As of 31 December 2023, the nominal amount of Euro Commercial Papers outstanding is equal to ca. 2,694 
billion euro. 
On 11 October 2023, Snam's board of directors resolved to increase the size of the ECP Programme from 2.5 
billion to 3.5 billion euro.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the nominal amount of Euro Commercial Papers outstanding is equal 
to approximately Euro 2.265 billion. 
Enterprise Risk Management 
Snam Group, in line with the Code of Corporate Governance and international best practices, has instituted, 
under the direct supervision of the general counsel, the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) unit, in order to 
manage corporate risks for all Group companies.  
The main objectives of ERM are to define a risk assessment model that allows risks to be identified, using 
standardised, group-wide policies to provide consolidated measures to mitigate these risks, and to draw up a 
reporting system. 
The ERM unit operates as part of Snam’s wider Internal Control and Risk Management System. 
Snam has always known and managed its risks, although through ERM it has chosen to adopt a structured, 
standardised method of identifying, assessing, managing and controlling risks for all Group companies.  
The ERM model enables dynamic and integrated group-wide risk assessment that bring out the best of the 
existing management systems in individual corporate processes. 
The findings, in terms of the main risks and the plans devised to manage them, are presented to the Control, 
Risk and Related Parties Transaction Committee so that an assessment can be carried out on the effectiveness 
of the Internal Control and Risk Management System with consideration to Snam’s specific characteristics and 
the risk profile it has taken on. 
Acquisition of Stogit – Earn-out provisions 
In June 2009, Snam bought from Eni the entire share capital of Stogit. The price determined for the acquisition 
of Stogit is subject to adjustment mechanisms agreed between the parties at the time of the acquisition. 
The acquisition agreement also provides for hedging mechanisms to provide for following risks and/or 
benefits: (i) the possible exploitation of the gas owned by Stogit at the time of the transfer of the shares other 
than that recognised by the ARERA in the case of its sale, or partial sale, if certain quantities were to become 
no longer instrumental to the regulated concessions and therefore available for sale; (ii) the possible sale of the

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
storage capacity which should be freely available on a negotiable (rather than a regulated) basis, or the transfer 
of concessions held by Stogit at the time of the share transfer that may become dedicated mainly to storage 
activities which are no longer regulated.  
Recent Corporate Activity and Other Information  
Symbiosis - new headquarters in Milan 
On 5 May 2021, Snam and Covivio – a leading real estate company listed on Euronext Paris and Borsa Italiana 
– signed an agreement for the purchase of a building which will become the Snam Headquarter, alongside the 
historic San Donato Milanese office site. The new building will be developed by Covivio in accordance with 
sustainability criteria and will have a total surface area of approximately 19,000 m2 and will consisting of 
three overlapping volumes over 14 floors, with an outdoor park of over 8,500 m2.  
On 30 November 2023, Snam and Covivio signed an addendum to the above agreement which, among other 
things, updated the budget and the delivery date. 
Partnership with Eni on gas pipelines between Algeria and Italy  
On 27 November 2021, Snam entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Eni S.p.A. (“Eni”) to acquire 
49.9% of the shareholdings held (directly or indirectly) by Eni in certain companies (the “Target Companies”) 
operating the onshore gas pipelines running from the Algerian and Tunisian borders to the Tunisian coast (so 
called “TTPC pipeline”), and the offshore gas pipelines connecting the Tunisian coast to Italy ( “TMPC 
pipeline”). 
 
Pursuant to such agreement, Eni agreed to contribute its entire equity interests in the Target Companies to a 
newly incorporated Italian company, SeaCorridor, and to transfer 49.9%, of SeaCorridor to Snam.  
On 10 January 2023 Snam completed the acquisition from Eni of the 49.9% stake in SeaCorridor, which owns 
the following equity interests in the Target Companies: (i) the entire share capital of Trans Tunisian Pipeline 
Company S.p.A., a company holding the exclusive right to the natural gas transportation capacity of the on-
shore pipeline; (ii) 99.85% of the share capital of Scogat S.A., a company that performs expansion works or 
other interventions on the on-shore pipeline; (iii) 66.06% of the share capital of Sergaz S.A., a company that 
provides operating and maintenance services for the on-shore pipeline and holds 49.9% of the share capital of 
Premium Multiservices S.A.; (iv) 50% of the share capital of Transmediterranean Pipeline Company Ltd, 
owner of the offshore pipeline and holder of 90% of the share capital of Samco Sagl; (v) 50% of the share 
capital of Transmed S.p.A., owner of the exclusive right to the natural gas transportation capacity of the 
offshore pipeline; (vi) 50% of the share capital of Mariconsult S.p.A., a company providing operating and 
maintenance services for the offshore pipeline; and (vii) 5% of the share capital of Samco Sagl, a company 
providing services for the offshore pipeline. 
The total consideration paid by Snam to Eni for the acquisition of the 49.9% stake in SeaCorridor was equal 
to approximately 405 million euro13. 
The transaction leverages Eni’s and Snam’s respective areas of expertise in gas transport on a strategic route 
for the security of Italy’s natural gas supply, enabling potential development initiatives within the hydrogen 
value chain as a result of the natural resources North Africa has to offer. The North Africa – Europe link is a 
key element of progressive decarbonisation at the international level in support of the energy transition. 
 
13 The amount includes, among others (i) a price adjustment with respect to the initially agreed price of 385 million euro to take account of leakages that 
occurred during the period between signing and closing, and (ii) a ticking fee equal to 4% of the agreed price, as reduced to pursuant to point (i). The 
sale and purchase agreement for the transaction signed bewteen Eni and Snam in 27 November , 2021 also provides for an earn-in and earn-out 
mechanism calculated on the basis of the revenues that will be generated by the Target companies.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Acquisition of stakes (50%) in dCarbonX LtD 
In November 2021, Snam has finalised through Snam International BV the acquisition of a 12.5% minority 
stake in dCarbonX, a company operating in geo-energy to develop hydrogen and carbon dioxide storage 
solutions in Ireland and the UK. Snam envisages further increasing its stake and will aim first at developing 
three offshore hydrogen storage initiatives dCarbonX is bringing forward, by teaming up with ESB, the main 
Irish integrated utility.  
During 2023, based on the provisions of agreements formed in November 2021, Snam increased its indirect 
stake in dCarbonX. As of 19 July 2023 Snam indirectly holds approx. 50% of dCarbonX share capital. 
Snam and Tenova initiate a collaboration to decarbonize the metals industry 
 
In January 2022 Snam and Tenova agreed to conduct joint strategic studies and market analysis to implement 
specific infrastructure and metals production systems by using green hydrogen. The aim is to bring integrated, 
turnkey commercial solutions – from melting to process of half-processed products – tested in industrial plants 
to implement a substantial reduction of CO 2 and NOx emissions in the metals production process. 
 
Tender offer marks positive outcome on its notes, with a total nominal amount of approx. 350 million 
euro repurchased 
 
On 10 January 2022 Snam launched a Tender Offer addressed to holders of notes already issued by the 
company under its Euro Medium Term Note Programme. The Tender Offer was successfully completed on 14 
January 2022 with the purchase of notes for a total nominal amount of approximately 350 million euro.  
 
Snam has successfully issued its dual-tranches sustainability-linked bond for euro 1.5 billion 
 
On 12 January 2022, Snam successfully launched its first Sustainability-Linked Bond for a total amount of 1.5 
billion euro divided in two tranches of 850 million euro (due June 2029) and 650 million euro (due June 2034). 
The issuance followed a two-day set of meetings with fixed income investors as part of the company’s 
roadshow on its recently updated Sustainable Finance Framework published on 29 November 2021. 
Snam’s shareholders’ meeting 2022 
On 27 April 2022, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Snam approved: 
 
• 
the 2021 financial statements; 
• 
the distribution of full-year dividend of 0.262 euro per share for the whole year (of which 0.1048 euro 
per share distributed in January 2022 as interim dividend); 
• 
the purchase and disposal of treasury shares; 
• 
the remuneration policy; and 
• 
the new board of directors and board of statutory auditors. 
 
Board of directors of Snam appoints Stefano Venier as chief executive officer 
On 27 April 2022, Snam’s new board of directors appointed Stefano Venier as chief executive officer and 
general manager, granting him - in continuity with previous arrangements - powers for the administration of 
the company, except for those attributed to the board of directors by applicable law, Snam’s articles of 
association or falling within the scope of its responsibilities. 
Gigafactory Project

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
On 27 May 2022, a new joint venture vehicle named De Nora Italy Hydrogen Technologies S.r.l. (the “JVCo”) 
was incorporated between Snam (having a shareholding equal to 10%) and Industrie De Nora (having a 
shareholding equal to 90%) with the aim of developing a new generation of containerised electrolyser systems 
and setting up a manufacturing facility in Italy for electrolysers, fuel cell components and containerised 
electrolyser production (the “Gigafactory”).  
On 15 July 2022, the European Commission adopted decision No. C (2022) 5158, authorizing state aid - jointly 
notified by fifteen Member States (Austria, Belgium, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, 
Greece, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia and Spain) of up to euro 5.4 billion in the context of the 
European IPCEI Program for the development of hydrogen technologies. The JVCo is one of the eligible 
beneficiaries of such program. 
Snam and Industrie De Nora are now negotiating the terms of the joint venture agreement – which will regulate, 
inter alia, the corporate governance rules of the JVCo – and the other ancillary agreements in order to 
implement, through the JVCo, the Gigafactory. 
Snam purchases a 5 billion cubic metre floating LNG regasification terminal from Golar LNG for US$ 
350 million 
 
On 17 May 2022, Italian Law Decree No. 50 (converted into Law No. 91 of 15 July 2022) was issued, which 
defined the regulatory framework for the installation and operation in Italy of floating storage and 
regasification units (FSRUs) following the international energy crisis due to the Russia-Ukraine armed 
conflict. 
On 31 May 2022, Snam, through its subsidiary Snam FSRU Italia, completed the acquisition from Golar Group 
of the entire share capital of Golar LNG NB 13 Corporation for USD 350 million (equal to approximately euro 
330 million euro). The sole asset of Golar LNG NB 13 Corporation was a FSRU named “Golar Tundra”. Golar 
LNG NB 13 Corporation was subsequently merged into Snam FSRU Italia. 
Golar Tundra can operate both as an LNG carrier and as an FSRU. The vessel, built in 2015, has a storage 
capacity of around 170,000 cubic meters of LNG and a continuous regasification capacity of 4.5 billion cubic 
meters per year. In order to maximise its regasification capacity, the vessel will be located in central-northern 
Italy, close to the areas with greatest gas consumption.  
On 25 October 2022, Snam FSRU Italia obtained the authorisation to carry out the project relating to the FSRU 
Golar Tundra concerning the operation, in the port of Piombino, of the aforementioned FSRU for three years 
starting from its entry into operation.  
On 24 June 2023, Snam FSRU Italia submitted a request to the Extraordinary Commissioner for the Liguria 
Region for the issuance of an authorisation for the relocation of the FSRU Golar Tundra in the high Tyrrhenian 
Sea; this procedure is ongoing. 
As a result of the procedure for the first assignment of regasification capacity for the 20-year period between 
the thermal years 2023-2024 and 2043-2044 and the procedure for the assignment of residual capacity, carried 
out respectively in the months of March and April 2023, more than 95% of the regasification capacity offered 
for the FSRU Golar Tundra has been assigned for multi-year periods (of which 86% is assigned for the entire 
20-year period). 
On 4 July 2023, the FSRU Golar Tundra officially started its commercial operations. The first shipment of 
LNG by Eni arrived on 7 July 2023. 
After sending a formal request to the Livorno Port Authority, Snam’s company FSRU Italia successfully 
completed the process of registering the floating LNG terminal in the Italian ship registry, intending to update

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
it to the technical requirements of Italian regulations. On 24 June 2024 the change under Italian flag was 
formalized and the FSRU Golar Tundra changed its name to ItalisLNG. 
Listing of Industrie De Nora S.p.A. 
On 6 June 2022, De Nora published on its website its intention to proceed with the listing of its ordinary shares 
(the “Shares”) on Euronext Milan, a regulated market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
The offering (the “Offering”) has been composed of a private placement reserved for qualified investors in 
Italy and institutional investors outside the United States and consisted of (i) newly issued ordinary shares of 
De Nora arising from a capital increase and (ii) existing ordinary shares offered for sale by the following 
shareholders of De Nora: (a) the De Nora family, through their respective special purpose vehicles Federico 
De Nora S.p.A. and Norfin S.p.A., and (b) Snam S.p.A., through Asset Company 10 S.r.l.. 
The Offering was completed on 30 June 2022, upon receipt of the consent in relation to the admission to listing 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and the approval of the prospectus by Consob with the pricing of the Offering of 
40,337,034 shares at euro 13.50 per share. The Offering has also included a so-called greenshoe option which 
has been partially exercised. 
The net proceeds arising out from the above capital increase will be used by the De Nora family to support the 
implementation of its strategic objectives, and in particular, to fund its future organic growth. 
Snam purchases a new floating regasification unit from BW LNG 
 
On 6 July 2022, Snam and BW LNG signed the agreement for the acquisition by Snam Group of 100% of the 
share capital of FSRU I Limited. The transaction closed on 4 December 2023. FSRU I Limited owns the 
floating storage and regasification unit “BW Singapore” as its sole asset. Built in 2015, BW Singapore has a 
maximum storage capacity of about 170,000 cubic metres of liquefied natural gas (LNG) and a nominal 
continuous regasification capacity of about 5 billion cubic metres per year. The FSRU is to be located on the 
Adriatic coastline of Italy, near the shores of the city of Ravenna, and to commence operations in the first 
semester of 2025, following the conclusion of the authorisation and regulatory process and the completion of 
the works required for mooring and connection to the transport network.  
Snam obtained the authorisation to construct the works for the FSRU Ravenna by a decree of the Extraordinary 
Commissioner of the Government dated 7 November 2022.  This authorisation was subsequently amended by 
a decree of the Extraordinary Commissioner of the Government dated 6 February 2024. 
On 24 September 2024, FSRU I Limited successfully merged into Snam FSRU, with the merger taking effect 
from 1 October 2024. 
Bioenerys Ambiente completed the acquisition from Asja Ambiente Italia of 6 SPVs owning 7 plants for 
the treatment of the organic fraction of municipal solid waste (“FORSU”) and the production of 
biomethane, as well as a service company  
Following the agreement entered into on 14 December 2021 between Asja Ambiente Italia S.p.A. and Snam 4 
Environment S.r.l. (now Bioenerys S.r.l.) for the acquisition of a portfolio of plants and development projects 
for the treatment of FORSU and the production of biomethane, upon designation by Bioenerys S.r.l. of 
Renerwaste S.r.l. (now Bioenerys Ambiente S.r.l., a wholly owned subsidiary of Bioenerys S.r.l.) as purchaser, 
the latter completed the acquisitions of 100% of the share capital of:  
• 
Biowaste CH4 Anzio S.r.l. (owning an operating plant in Anzio - Lazio) on 3 March 2022; 
• 
Biowaste CH4 Foligno S.r.l (owning an operating plant in Foligno - Umbria) on 3 March 2022; 
• 
Biowaste CH4 Group S.r.l. (services company for O&M of the plants) on 3 March 2022;

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
• 
Biowaste CH4 Genova S.r.l. (owning an operating plant in Genova - Liguria) on 13 July 2022;  
• 
Biowaste CH4 Tuscania S.r.l. (owning an operating plant in Tuscania - Lazio) on 14 November 2022;  
• 
CH4 Energy S.r.l. (owning a plant under start-up phase and another under construction, both located 
in Sicilia and, respectively, in Marsala and Biancavilla) on 4 July 2023; and  
• 
Biowaste CH4 Legnano S.r.l. (owning an operating plant located in Legnano - Lombardia) on 27 July 
2023.  
In June 2024 the companies Biowaste CH4 Genova S.r.l., Biowaste CH4 Anzio S.r.l. and Biowaste CH4 
Tuscania S.r.l. were incorporated into BYS Ambiente Impianti S.r.l. (formerly Ecoprogetto Milano S.r.l.) 
respectively on 14 June 2024 (regarding Biowaste CH4 Genova S.r.l.) and 17 June 2024 (regarding Biowaste 
CH4 Anzio S.r.l. and Biowaste CH4 Tuscania S.r.l.).   
Snam purchases four biogas plants in Ostellato through IES Biogas (now Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.) 
On 4 October 2022, Snam completed the acquisition of four biogas plants having a capacity of 999 kWe in 
Ostellato, Province of Ferrara, Italy. Snam carried out the transaction through IES Biogas (now Bioenerys Agri 
S.r.l.) with the aim of converting biogas into biomethane and connecting the four plants to the grid. 
By the use of livestock manure and second-harvest crops and agri-food by-products from the sugar supply 
chain (beet pulp), 11 mln Sm3 per year of biomethane will be produced. 
 
The acquisition launches a new season for IES Biogas (now Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.), which will see an ever-
growing role within the Snam4Environment group in the development and management of agricultural and 
agro-industrial biomethane production plants, an activity that will complement the historical EPC (i.e. 
engineering, procurement, construction) and service activities.   
Snam purchases 100% of share capital of three special vehicles through IES Biogas (now Bioenerys 
Agri) 
On 13 October 2022, IES Biogas completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of three special 
vehicles, Società Agricola SQ Energy S.r.l., Società Agricola Sangiovanni S.r.l. (of which 50% of its share 
capital is owned indirectly, through Società Agricola SQ Energy S.r.l.) and Società Agricola T4 Energy S.r.l. 
which are owners, directly or through Società Agricola G.B.E., Gruppo Bio Energie S.r.l. and Società Agricola 
Zoppola Biogas S.r.l., of 5 biogas plants located in the provinces of Pordenone, Udine, Venice and Padua.  
Snam completed the acquisition of 14 SPVs - each owning a biogas production plant - and a service 
company for the O&M of such plants  
Between November 2022 and October 2023 Ies Biogas S.r.l. (now Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.) completed the 
acquisition of 100% of the share capital of 14 special vehicles and a service company as follows: 
− 
Società Agricola Asola Energie Biogas S.r.l. and Società Agricola La Valle Green Energy S.r.l. on 10 
November 2022; 
− 
Società Agricola Tessagli Agroenergie S.r.l. and Società Agricola Agrimezzana Biogas S.r.l. on 21 
November 2022; 
− 
Società Agricola Agrimetano S.r.l. and Società Agricola San Giuseppe Agroenergia S.r.l. on 1 
December 2022; 
− 
Società Agricola Santo Stefano Energia S.r.l. and Società Agricola Carignano Biogas S.r.l. on 6 
December 2022;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
− 
Emiliana Agroenergia Società Agricola S.r.l. and BYS Società Agricola Impianti S.r.l. (formerly 
Piacentina Agroenergia Società Agricola S.r.l.) on 13 December 2022; 
− 
Soragna Agroenergie Società Agricola S.r.l. and Zibello Agroenergie Società Agricola S.r.l. on 13 
April 2023; 
− 
Bietifin S.r.l., services company for the O&M of the plants on 14 June 2023; and 
− 
Società Agricola Agrimetano Pozzonovo S.r.l. and Società Agricola Pozzonovo Ro S.r.l. on 13 
October 2023. 
On 15 February 2024 the company Soragna Agroenergie Società Agricola S.r.l. was incorporated into BYS 
Società Agricola Impianti S.r.l. 
In February 2024 the companies Ecoprogetto Tortona S.r.l. and Renerwaste Lodi S.r.l. were incorporated into 
BYS Ambiente Impianti S.r.l. respectively on 19 and 22 February 2024.  
On 1 April 2024 the company Biowaste CH4 Group S.r.l. was incorporated into BYS Ambiente Impianti S.r.l. 
In April 2024 the companies Società Agricola Agrimetano S.r.l., Società Agricola Agrimezzana Biogas 
S.r.l. and Società Agricola San Giuseppe Agroenergia S.r.l. were incorporated into BYS Società Agricola 
Impianti S.r.l. respectively on 12, 16 and 30 April 2024.  
On 7 May 2024 the company Biowaste CH4 Foligno S.r.l. was incorporated into BYS Ambiente Impianti S.r.l.  
On 1 July 2024 the company Bietifin S.r.l. was incorporated into Bioenerys Agri S.r.l. and the companies 
Società Agricola Biostellato 1 S.r.l., Società Agricola Biostellato 2 S.r.l., Società Agricola Biostellato 3 S.r.l. 
and Società Agricola Biostellato 4 S.r.l. were incorporated into BYS Società Agricola Impianti S.r.l.  
In September 2024 the companies Società Agricola Asola Energie Biogas S.r.l. and Agriwatt Castel Goffredo 
Società Agricola S.r.l. were incorporated into BYS Società Agricola Impianti S.r.l. respectively on 11 and 13 
September 2024. In October 2024 the companies Società Agricola Tessagli Agroenergia S.r.l. and Società 
Agricola Santo Stefano Energia were incorporated into BYS Società Agricola Impianti S.r.l. respectively on 3 
and 21 October.. 
Snam purchases 100% of share capital of Ravenna LNG Terminal S.r.l.  
On 20 October 2022, Snam completed the acquisition from La Petrolifera Italo Rumena S.p.A. of the entire 
share capital of Ravenna LNG Terminal S.r.l. (“Ravenna LNG”) by means of an agreement signed on the 
same date. Ravenna LNG owns a marine terminal located in the Adriatic Sea (about 4.5 miles from Ravenna), 
together with the related sections of pipeline connecting it to the ground. 
Snam and Baker Hughes successfully conclude the first trial for using hydrogen as a fuel in a gas 
compressor station 
In November 2022, Snam successfully completed a series of tests at its Istrana (Treviso) natural gas compressor 
station aimed at experimenting with the use of hydrogen as a fuel to power the plant's gas turbines. The tests, 
the first of their kind in the world and carried out in collaboration with Baker Hughes, a technology company 
serving the energy and industrial sectors, demonstrated the compatibility of the various components of the 
plant with the use of a mixture of hydrogen (at 10%) and natural gas. 
Snam4Mobility (now Greenture), CuboGas and HRS team up to develop efficient hydrogen mobility 
solutions

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
In December 2022, Snam4Mobility (now Greenture), leader in providing integrated services for sustainable 
“smart green” mobility using natural gas and biomethane, CuboGas (a subsidiary of Snam4Mobility), Italian 
market leader in the design, development and production of technological solutions for the compression of 
natural gas, biomethane as well as hydrogen, and HRS, a leading European designer and manufacturer of 
hydrogen refueling stations, have signed a memorandum of understanding aimed at launching a framework 
partnership to step up the development of efficient hydrogen mobility solutions for the EU market. HRS and 
CuboGas will work together to develop and implement new initiatives in hydrogen mobility infrastructure. 
Eni and Snam form a joint venture to develop the first CCS project in Italy 
On 19 December 2022, Eni Chief Executive Officer Claudio Descalzi and Snam Chief Executive Officer 
Stefano Venier signed an agreement to jointly develop and manage Phase 1 of the Ravenna Carbon Capture 
and Storage (CCS) Project through an equal joint venture. The agreement also includes the implementation of 
studies and preparatory activities for the subsequent development phases. 
Phase 1 of the Ravenna CCS Project covers the capture of 25,000 tons of CO2 emitted from Eni's natural gas 
treatment plant in Casalborsetti (Ravenna). Once captured, the CO2 will be piped to the Porto Corsini Mare 
Ovest platform and injected into the homonymous depleted gas field in Ravenna's offshore. 
Arbolia - conversion into a limited liability company and exit of Fondazione CDP 
On 28 February 2023, Arbolia S.p.A. Società Benefit was converted into a limited liability company (società 
a responsabilità limitata), changing its company name to “Arbolia S.r.l. Società Benefit”. Moreover, in this 
context, Fondazione CDP sold its entire shareholding in the company. Therefore, as result, Arbolia in now 
owned by Snam (100%). 
Snam group, Federico De Nora S.P.A. and Norfin sold 11.5 million of existing ordinary shares of 
Industrie De Nora to institutional investors 
On 4 April 2023, Asset Company 10 S.r.l. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Snam S.p.A.), Federico De Nora 
S.p.A and Norfin S.p.A. sold 11.5 million of ordinary shares in Industrie De Nora S.p.A. (for the purpose of 
this paragraph the " Company") at a price of 17.08 euro per share for a total consideration of approximately 
euro 196 million. 
 
Following the sale, Asset Company 10 S.r.l. holds 43,539,334 multiple voting shares representing 
approximately 21.59% of the Company’s share capital; Federico De Nora S.p.A. holds 88,847,684 multiple 
voting shares and 499,843 ordinary shares, representing approximately 44.30% of the Company’s share 
capital; and Norfin S.p.A. holds 11,474,617 multiple voting shares and 63,819 ordinary shares, representing 
approximately 5.72% of the Company’s share capital. 
 
IdrogeMO: Hera and Snam project for Modena's Hydrogen Valley gets 19.5 million euro from the 
regional government of Emilia Romagna 
 
The Ministry of Ecological Transition (now Ministry of Environment and Energy Security) has delegated to 
the Regions and Autonomous Provinces, as "delegated implementing subjects", the allocation and assignment 
of specific resources for the realisation of the projects referred to in Article 4, paragraph 1, letter a), of the DM 
463/2022 and in particular, has allocated to the Emilia-Romagna Region, resources equal to euro 
19,500,000.00. 
Emilia-Romagna Region, with Regional Council Resolution no. 48 of 16 January 2023, approved the Public 
notice for the selection of project proposals for the construction of renewable hydrogen production plants in 
abandoned industrial areas, to be financed under the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR), Mission 
2 "Green revolution and ecological transition", Component 2 "Renewable energy, hydrogen, grid and

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
sustainable mobility", Investment 3.1 “Production of hydrogen in abandoned industrial areas”, funded by the 
European Union - Next Generation EU" ("Call"). 
On 14 February 2023, Snam, Hera and Herambiente signed a partnership agreement aimed at filing - on 20 
February 2023 - the proposal / application of the IdrogeMO Project, having as object the realisation of an H2 
Valley, within the framework of PNRR M2C2 3.1 “Production of hydrogen in abandoned industrial areas” and 
the call published by Emilia-Romagna Region. On 29 March 2023, with Determination no. 6793, the Emilia-
Romagna Region published the ranking of applications deemed admissible. IdrogeMO Project has been 
awarded the whole available amount for the Region of euro 19,500,000.00 (of which 50% is to Snam).  
Therefore, in August 2023 the partners finalised together with Emilia-Romagna Region the financing 
undertaking agreement (Atto d’Obbligo). 
Snam’s shareholders’ meeting 2023 
On 4 May 2023, the ordinary shareholders’ meeting of Snam approved: 
− 
the 2022 financial statements; 
− 
the distribution of full-year dividend of euro 0.2751 per share for the whole year (of which 0.1100 
euro per share distributed in January 2023 as an interim dividend); 
− 
the purchase and disposal of treasury shares; 
− 
2023-2025 long-term share-based incentive plan; and 
− 
the remuneration policy. 
Snam has successfully issued the first EU taxonomy-aligned transition bonds exchangeable for existing 
ordinary shares of Italgas due 2028 for a nominal amount of euro 500 million 
On 22 September 2023, Snam successfully launched its first senior unsecured EU Taxonomy-aligned transition 
bonds due 2028 for an aggregate notional amount of euro 500 million, exchangeable for existing ordinary 
shares of Italgas. 
Greenture working with Lidl and LC3 to accelerate the development of sustainable mobility in central 
and southern Italy 
In October 2023, Greenture, a fully owned subsidiary of Snam, which has activities in development, 
construction and maintenance of green fuel stations together with Lidl Italy, a supermarket chain with over 
730 stores nationwide and LC3, a pioneering carrier in the use of alternative fuels has launched a project to 
promote the development of a sustainable zero-emission supply chain. 
Termination of the joint venture Iniziative Biometano S.p.A. 
On 11 October 2023, after the signature of the relevant sale and purchase agreements on 17 August 2023, 
Bionerys S.r.l., Bioenerys Agri S.r.l., Femo Gas S.p.A. and Iniziative Biometano S.p.A. completed a series of 
sale and purchase transactions aimed at the termination of the joint venture Iniziative Biometano S.p.A., as 
follows: 
(i) 
sale by Bioenerys S.r.l. of its 51% stake in Iniziative Biometano S.p.A., to Femo Gas S.p.A. as a 
result of which the latter acquired the sole and exclusive control of Iniziative Biometano S.p.A.; 
(ii) 
acquisition by Bioenerys Agri S.r.l. of controlling holding in the share capital of five companies, 
each one owning a biogas production plant, as follows:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
• 
100% of the corporate capital of Moglia Energia Società Agricola a.r.l. from Femo Gas 
S.p.A.; 
• 
100% of the corporate capital of MST S.r.l. from Femo Gas S.p.A.; 
• 
99.9% of the corporate capital of MZ Biogas S.a.r.l. from Iniziative Biometano S.p.A.; 
• 
99.9% of the corporate capital of Biogas Bruso S.a.r.l. from Iniziative Biometano S.p.A.; 
and 
• 
100% of the corporate capital of Maiero Energia S.a.r.l. from Iniziative Biometano S.p.A. 
Snam exercises pre-emption right to increase its stake in Adriatic LNG to 30% 
On 3 April 2024 Snam S.p.A. has exercised its pre-emption right to increase its stake in Adriatic LNG from 
the current 7.3% to 30%, by entering into a sale and purchase agreement with ExxonMobil Italiana Gas S.r.l. 
and Qatar Terminal Limited for the acquisition of a holding of approximately 22.7% of the corporate capital 
of Adriatic LNG.  
The pre-emption right was exercised following the signing by VIKAVTTI S.p.A. (now VTTI LNG Italy 
S.p.A.) – a special purpose vehicle indirectly and wholly controlled by VTTI B.V., a Dutch energy storage and 
infrastructure company - of a sale and purchase agreement to acquire the entire holdings by ExxonMobil 
Italiana Gas S.r.l. and Qatar Terminal Limited in Adriatic LNG (equal to 92.7% in aggregate).  
The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2024 and is subject, among other things, to the necessary 
regulatory authorisations. Upon closing of the transaction, the corporate capital of Adriatic LNG shall be held 
by VTTI LNG Italy S.p.A. at 70% and Snam S.p.A. at 30%.  
Adriatic LNG owns the regasification terminal operating in the waters off Cavarzere (Rovigo), Italy. Located 
about 15 kilometres off the Veneto coast, Adriatic LNG’s terminal is Italy's largest offshore infrastructure for 
unloading, storage and regasification of liquefied natural gas (LNG), with an annual technical regasification 
capacity of 9.6 billion cubic meters, corresponding to about 14% of the current domestic gas demand. 
Snam’s shareholders’ meeting 2024 
On 7 May 2024, the meeting of Snam’s ordinary shareholders approved: 
− 
the 2023 financial statements; 
− 
the distribution of full-year dividend of euro 0.2820 per share for the whole year (of which 0.1128 
euro per share distributed in January 2024 as interim dividend); 
− 
the purchase and disposal of treasury shares; and 
− 
the remuneration policy. 
Bioenerys Ambiente sold its holding in Renerwaste Cupello S.r.l.  
On 19 July 2024, Bioenerys Ambiente sold to Ladurner S.r.l. its entire shareholding in Renerwaste Cupello 
S.r.l., the SPV owning the project for the construction and operation of a biomethane plant in Cupello, province 
of Chieti. 
Snam entered into a binding agreement with Edison Stoccaggio S.p.A. 
Following the submission of the binding offer on 3 June 2024, on 25 July 2024 Snam entered into a binding 
agreement to acquire 100% of the share capital of Edison Stoccaggio S.p.A. from Edison S.p.A. for 
approximately Euro 560 million. The agreement - reached at the end of the sale process started by Edison in 
October 2023 and continued with Snam on an exclusive basis since February 2024 - also envisages an earn-
out that may be paid by Snam to Edison in the event of positive outcome of the ongoing administrative dispute

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
concerning the revenues received by Edison Stoccaggio S.p.A. in recent years in relation to the activities of 
the San Potito e Cotignola site. The transaction is expected to be finalised by the first quarter of 2025, subject 
to obtaining the necessary authorisations under the applicable antitrust and golden power regulations. 
Edison Stoccaggio contributes to the security of Italy’s energy system through three natural gas storage 
facilities, located in Cellino (Teramo), Collalto (Treviso) and San Potito e Cotignola (Ravenna), with a total 
capacity of about 1.1 billion cubic metres per year. 
 
Material Litigation 
Snam Group is currently party to a number of civil, administration and tax, claims and legal actions that have 
arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Applicable accounting principles identify two different types of 
legal proceedings which have different ways to set aside provisions. 
According to the procedure known as “Accounting Provision for risks and charge” (“Accantonamento ai fondi 
per rischi ed oneri”), the relevant legal proceedings are those in which counterparties and/or third-party claims 
are equal to or in excess of euro 250,000 and/or may produce material adverse effects on Snam Group’s image 
and/or reputation (the “Relevant Proceedings”). As a consequence, legal proceedings that do not comply with 
such requirements are considered not relevant (the “Non-Relevant Proceedings”). 
The accounting provision is calculated by aggregating the values of the liabilities that may arise in the event 
of a negative outcome of a Relevant Proceeding. It is usually carried out when the unfavourable outcome of 
the relative proceeding has a probability of occurrence greater than 50% and the burden’s amount can be 
estimated reliably. Instead, as regard the Non-Relevant Proceedings, the accounting provision is based on a 
lump sum of euro 25,000 that should be multiplied by the number of the Non-Relevant Proceedings up to a 
maximum total of euro 10 million for Snam Rete Gas and euro 5 million for each other subsidiary. 
Provision for litigation as at 31 December 2023 in relation to the whole Snam Group, is available at pages 565 
and 566 of Snam 2023 Annual Report (in the section “Provisions for Risks and Charges”) (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”). In making such provision, the board of directors has taken into account the 
potential risks relating to each claim and the applicable accounting standards on probable and quantifiable 
risks. The most relevant claims and proceedings are summarised below, together with an indication of the total 
amount claimed, if known. See “Risk Factors - Legal Proceedings”. 
ARERA Proceedings 
A number of preliminary investigations (istruttorie) are currently being carried out by the ARERA with respect 
to different matters involving Snam Group’s business activity.  
By resolution No. 250/2015/R/gas, published on 1 June 2015, the Authority established an implementation 
plan for the provisions introduced by Resolution No. 602/2013/R/gas concerning the odorisation of the natural 
gas delivered by Snam Rete Gas to directly connected final customers having a domestic use of gas (or a 
similar one) even when combined with technological uses. Snam Rete Gas challenged the Resolution before 
the competent Administrative Court (TAR Lombardia-Milano) with reference to the deadline requested for the 
completion of the works. Such a deadline was confirmed by the Authority with Resolution No. 484/2016/E/gas, 
which was also challenged on this particular point by Snam Rete Gas before TAR Lombardia-Milano.  
With sentence No. 869 of 17 April 2019, the Regional Administrative Court of Milan accepted the appeal 
presented by Snam Rete Gas, stating the unreasonableness of the deadline set by the Authority which does not 
take into account the complexity of the activities to be carried out by the gas transport company and the 
necessary cooperation with the final users. The Ministry of Economic Development issued a ministerial decree 
on 18 May 2018 assigning: (i) the responsibility of the odorisation directly to the final user, and (ii) a role of 
control and possible support to the transmission operator (i.e. Snam Rete Gas). Based on the communications

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
sent to Snam Rete Gas pursuant to the decree, all the interested final users have certified the safe use of gas in 
compliance with the technical solutions established by the decree. 
As part of the Consultation Document (DCO 203/2019/R/Gas) prepared prior to the revision of the regulation 
on the quality of the transport service, ARERA has expressed its intention: (i) to confirm the regulatory 
framework embedded in Resolution 250/2015/R/Gas without providing a deadline for the plan to be 
implemented; and (ii) to promote a legislative as well as a regulatory change to ensure consistency with the 
ministerial decree dated 18 May 2018. 
Following the provisions of the DCO, with Resolution 554/2019 / R / gas, the Authority confirmed the previous 
regulatory regime (transmission system operator’s obligation to odorize) thereby raising a potential overlap of 
the provisions of the Resolution and the Decree. Such a Resolution was appealed by the Issuer. The judicial 
proceeding is still pending. 
As part of the Consultation Document (DCO 451/2023/R/Gas) preparatory to the revision of the regulation on 
the quality of the transport service for the 6th regulatory period, ARERA – while once again confirming the 
regulatory framework - has submitted for consultation some proposed amendments aimed at allowing the use 
of alternative tools without prejudice to the responsibility of the transporter in relation to the odorisation. 
Following the provisions of the above DCO, with Resolution 589/2023/R/gas, the Authority confirmed the 
previous regulatory regime (transmission system operator’s obligation to odorize) thereby raising a potential 
overlap between the provisions of the Resolution and the Decree. SRG submitted an appeal to ask for 
annulment of the Resolution 589/2023/R/Gas ahead of the due date of 12 February 2024. 
Recent developments in regulatory matters and related material proceedings 
Balancing – Snam Rete Gas and Strategic gas withdrawals – Stogit 
With regard to balancing and strategic gas withdrawals, please refer to the paragraphs in the Snam's Financial 
Report called "Recupero dei crediti nei confronti di alcuni utenti del sistema del trasporto e bilanciamento” 
and “Recupero dei crediti nei confronti di utenti del sistema di stoccaggio”. 
Credit management of the transport Default Service 
Due to the price increases in the energy market and the subsequent energy crisis following the Russian-
Ukrainian conflict in the thermal years 2021-2022, 2022-2023 and 2023-2024, there was an increase in 
outstanding receivables arising from the transport Default Service, which on 30 June 2023 reached 
approximately euro one billion plus interest. Such receivables are subject to repayment by CSEA, which in 
December 2022 advanced a portion of the amounts by way of exception to the ordinary deadlines. A further 
advance has been received in August 2023.  
Recently, with resolution n. 374/2024/R/gas, the Authority amended the rules on the gas supply criteria and 
the reimbursement of unpaid credits for the default service, bringing them into line with the rules on balancing, 
which in particular provide for shorter reimbursement periods (four months from the due date invoice).   
Appropriate legal action has been taken both in and out of court to recover the outstanding amounts. In the 
meantime, several agreements have also been negotiated between the SRG and the debtors, which provide for 
payment schedules for the credits. It should also be noted the position of Acciaierie d'Italia S.p.A. which, at 
the request of the Ministero delle Imprese e del Made in Italy (MIMIT), has been placed under an extraordinary 
administration procedure, with effect from 20 February 2024. SRG lodged in the administration procedure the 
entire credit accrued against Acciaierie d'Italia S.p.A., which was admitted in full as follows: the credits arising 
after the opening of the procedure were admitted in prededuction (prededuzione), while all other credits were 
admitted as unsecured (chirografari). SRG filed an opposition to obtain the admission in prededuction 
(prededuzione) of all credits. 
Other Proceedings

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Snam FSRU Italia – Municipality of Savona Administrative Proceeding  
On 4 December 2023, the Municipality of Savona filed an appeal with the Regional Administrative Court of 
Liguria requesting the annulment of the provision issued by the Extraordinary Commissioner of the 
Government for: (i) relocation from Piombino to Savona/Vado Ligure of the Floating Storage and 
Regasification Unit (FSRU) “Golar Tundra”; and (ii) the project for the construction and operation of the 
infrastructure connecting the national gas pipeline grid. The above-mentioned provision has established the 
suspension of the procedure to obtain additional documentation on the project. According to Snam FSRU 
Italia, the Municipality of Savona has made a mistake regarding the territory considered to be within the 
jurisdiction of the Court. At the end of the hearing held on 23 February 2024, the Regional Administrative 
Court of Liguria, with provision no. 187 of 12 March 2024, stated its lack of jurisdiction in favour of the 
Regional Administrative Court of Lazio. At the end of March, the Municipality of Savona proposed an appeal 
before the Regional Administrative Court in charge. Snam FSRU has filed an entry of appearance within 15 
April 2024 and is waiting for the hearing to be arranged. 
Stogit – Bordolano concession 
On 27 June 2019, the Council of State (Consiglio di Stato) issued a legally binding opinion accepting a claim 
proposed before the President of the Republic of Italy pursuant to article 11 of DPR n. 1199/1971, in 2011, by 
“Coordinamento Comitato Ambientalisti” and other eight people/entities against the EIA decree (decreto di 
Valutazione di Impatto Ambientale) adopted for the construction and operation of the Bordolano Gas Storage 
Plant. In particular, the Council of State has issued a legally binding opinion for the annulment of the EIA 
decree issued in 2009 only with respect to the positive environmental impact assessment and, consequently, of 
the decree of the Ministry for Economic Development issued in 2011 (which approved the modification of the 
work program regarding the Bordolano gas storage concession) as well as of the subsequent decrees of 
Ministry of Environment issued in 2013 and 2014. In any case, the Council of State has confirmed the validity 
of the prescriptions included in the aforementioned decrees and has reopened the procedure for the EIA 
(procedura di Valutazione di Impatto Ambientale). The binding opinion of the Council of State has been 
implemented by means of a Presidential Decree dated 16 September 2019 notified on 10 October 2019 that 
confirmed the legally binding opinion of the Council of State. With reference to the possible implications or 
continuity of the gas storage activities in Bordolano, it should be noted that Article 29, paragraph 3, of 
Legislative Decree No. 152/2006 (the Environmental Code) provides that in the event of judicial annulment 
of EIA decrees regarding projects already built, the competent authority can allow the works or activities to 
continue upon condition that they are carried out in a safe manner, especially with regards to health, 
environmental or cultural heritage risks. With the notice dated 22 November 2019, prot. No. U.0025890, the 
Ministry for Economic Development has allowed Stogit to continue storage activities at the Bordolano site. 
With the notice dated 29 October 2019, prot. no. U.28389, the Ministry of Environment reopened the EIA 
procedure in order to allow all the relevant municipalities to take part to it. On 16 September 2020, the positive 
opinion, with prescriptions, on the environmental compatibility of the Bordolano site issued by the Technical 
Commission for Environmental Impact Assessment (also called CTVIA) has been published on the website of 
the Ministry of the Environment. The aforementioned opinion will be transposed by the Ministry of the 
Environment in the EIA decree. 
Bascapè Energia – Bioenerys Agri 
On 22 November 2022, Bascapè Energia S.r.l. sued IES Biogas S.r.l. (now Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.) before the 
Court of Milan (Tribunale di Milano) in order to request damages, claimed to amount to approximately euro 
22 million (or the higher or lesser amount resulting in the course of the proceedings, plus currency revaluation 
and interest), for the non-fulfillment of a contract concluded in 2021 between Bascapè Energia, as client, and 
IES Biogas (now Bioenerys Agri S.r.l.), as contractor, for the construction of a plant for the production of 
biomethane through FORSU (urban organic waste) in the Municipality of Bascapè (Pavia). Bioenerys Agri 
filed a statement of defense before the Court contesting the opposing claims and making a counterclaim for 
damages against Bascapè Energia. At the end of the first hearing on 4 April 2023, the Court granted the legal 
terms for the parties' pleadings on evidence. At the end of the hearing on the parties' requests on evidence held 
on 14 November 2023, the Court reserved its decision. At reserve resolution the Court rejected Bascape

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Energia’s request for evidence and the hearing for the statement of conclusions was scheduled for the end of 
October 2024. At the end of the hearing, the parties confirmed their own conclusions and the Court held the 
case for decision, assigning terms for the final defense writings. 
Principal shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam’s fully subscribed and paid-up share capital is euro 
2,735,670,475.56 divided into 3,360,857,809 ordinary shares with no indication of nominal value. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other classes of shares in issue. 
Snam’s shares are listed on the MTA (mercato telematico azionario) division of the Borsa Italiana. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, on the basis of the shareholders’ register, communications received 
pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) and other information available to Snam, as 
far as Snam is aware, CDP is the main shareholder of Snam, with an overall 31.352% stake of the ordinary 
share capital owned by CDP Reti S.p.A. (1,053,692,127 shares). Romano Minozzi is the second largest 
shareholder of Snam, with an overall 7.448% stake of the ordinary share capital (250,309,453 shares), held 
through a 3.773 % stake directly owned (126,807,958 shares), a 2.526% stake owned by Iris Ceramica Group 
S.p.A. (84,890,583 shares), a 0.823% stake owned by GranitiFiandre S.p.A. (27,652,190 shares) and a 0.326% 
stake owned by Finanziaria Ceramica Castellarano S.p.A. (10,958,722 shares). Lazard Asset Management 
LLC is the third largest shareholder of Snam, with a stake equal to 5.073% of the ordinary share capital 
(170,483,071 shares).  
Snam holds 6,461,439 of its own shares (azioni proprie), equal to 0.192% of its share capital. The remaining 
55.935% is held by other shareholders, of which 46.810% are institutional investors (1,573,220,595 shares) 
and 9.125% are retail investors (306,691,124 shares). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on 
information in Snam’s shareholders’ register, communications received pursuant to CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971/1999 (as amended) and other information available to Snam, as far as Snam is aware, only CDP, 
Romano Minozzi and Lazard Asset Management LLC, directly or indirectly, interests in excess of 3% of 
Snam’s ordinary shares. The table below provides a breakdown of shareholdings in Snam as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Declarant 
Direct shareholder 
Shareho
lding 
(%) 
CDP  
CDP Reti 
31.352 
MINOZZI ROMANO 
Minozzi Romano 
3.773 
Iris Ceramica Group S.p.A. 
2.526 
GranitiFiandre S.p.A. 
0.823

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Finanziaria Ceramica Castellarano S.p.A. 
0.326 
Lazard Asset Management 
LLC 
Lazard Asset Management LLC 
5.073 
Snam 
Snam 
0.192 
Other shareholders 
55.935 
                   100.000 
 
Brief description of the main shareholder 
CDP is a limited liability company (società per azioni) controlled by the Italian Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance, which holds 82.77% of the corporate capital of CDP. A broad group of bank foundations holds 
15.93% of the corporate capital of CDP and the remaining shares (equal to 1.3%) are represented by own 
shares held by CDP. CDP’s objective is to bolster the development of public investment, local utility 
infrastructure works and major public works of national interest. 
CDP Reti S.p.A.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, CDP Reti S.p.A. holds 31.352% of the ordinary shares of Snam.  
CDP Reti S.p.A. is a limited liability company (società per azioni) incorporated under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy and is 35% owned by State Grid Europe Limited, 5.9% owned by Italian institutional investors and 
59.1% owned by CDP. 
On 25 and 31 March 2015, CDP notified Snam that “pursuant to international accounting standard IFRS 10 - 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the requirement has arisen for CDP to fully consolidate Snam S.p.A. as of 
the financial statements as at 31 December 2014, compared with 31 December 2013”.  
With reference to the consolidation of Snam, in CDP’s 2014 Annual Report, CDP specifies that, based on the 
evaluation of certain elements, “there was deemed to be sufficient evidence of the existence of de facto control, 
in accordance with IFRS 10”.  
With a letter dated 2 August 2019, which was received on 5 August 2019, CDP informed Snam that the board 
of directors of CDP requalified its shareholding in Snam as a “de facto control” also pursuant to Article 2359, 
paragraph 1, number 2 of the Italian Civil Code and Article 93 of Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, No. 
58 and it confirmed that it does not exercise, and does not intend to exercise, any direction and coordination 
activity over Snam. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Snam is not subject to management and co-ordination pursuant to article 
2497 and subsequent provisions of the Italian Civil Code. 
Measures in place to ensure major shareholder control is not abused 
Snam has adopted a guideline for transactions with related parties issued in compliance with the provisions of 
Article 2391-bis of Italian Civil Code and CONSOB Resolution No. 17221/2010; such guideline establishes 
the principles and rules to which Snam and its subsidiaries must adhere in order to ensure transparency and

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
substantial and procedural fairness of related party transactions. See “Corporate Governance of Snam – 
Related Party Transactions”. 
Special powers of the Italian Government  
Decree-Law No. 21 of 15 March 2012, converted into law with Law No. 56 of 11 May 2012 (as amended, 
lastly, by the Decree-Law No. 23 of 8 April 2020 on urgent measures relating, inter alia, to special powers in 
strategic sectors which shall apply until 31 December 2020)14, contains rules concerning special powers on 
corporate ownership in the defence and national security sector and activities of strategic importance in energy, 
transportation and communication sectors. The Decree-Law affects regulation of the so-called special powers, 
by re-writing conditions and modalities of exercise of the State’s special powers for privatised companies, in 
order to adapt national regulation to the rules provided by the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU.  
In the energy sector, Decree-Law No. 21 of 15 March 2012 confers to the Government: (i) a power of veto in 
relation to resolutions, actions or operations adopted by companies that own strategic assets in the energy 
sector, which involve a loss of control or availability of the assets as well as the change of their destination; 
and (ii) a power to impose certain duties or to oppose the acquisition by non-EU persons of controlling interests 
in said companies.  
Pursuant to Decree-Law No. 21 of 15 March 2012, Snam is required to issue notification in the event of 
changes to the ownership, control, availability or purpose of networks, plants, assets and relations of strategic 
importance to the national interest (“Significant Assets”)15. This notification must be made by the Issuer to 
the Prime Minister within 10 days, and in any case no later than the implementation of the resolution, deed or 
transaction that affects the Significant Assets. Resolutions passed by the shareholders’ meeting or the 
management bodies concerning the transfer of Subsidiaries that hold the aforementioned Significant Assets 
must be reported within the same timeframe. Within 45 days of the notification, the Prime Minister may, by 
issuing a decree adopted pursuant to a resolution of the Council of Ministers: (i) declare a veto and (ii) impose 
specific provisions or conditions, if this is sufficient to ensure the protection of the public interest.  
If 45 days have passed since the notification and the Prime Minister has not adopted any measures, the 
transaction may be carried out.  
In accordance with the same procedures and timeframes, the notification must also be made if the acquisition 
of equity investments in companies that hold Significant Assets (such as Snam) by non-EU entities results in 
 
14 Article 15, paragraph 1, of Decree-Law No. 23 of 8 April 2020, in order to counter the epidemiological emergency of COVID-19 and contain its 
negative effects, provided that, until 31 December 2021 (term subsequently extended to 30 June 2021), the notification obligation shall apply “to 
purchases for any reason of shareholdings, by foreign subjects, including those belonging to the European Union, of such importance as to determine 
the purchaser’s permanent establishment by reason of the acquisition of control of the company whose shareholding is the object of the acquisition, 
pursuant to Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and the Consolidated Financial Act pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
well as the purchases of shareholdings, by foreign subjects not belonging to the European Union, that attribute a share of the voting rights or the 
share capital of at least 10 per cent, taking into account the shares or units already directly or indirectly held, and the total value of the investment is 
equal to or greater than EUR 1 million, and acquisitions that determine the exceedance of the thresholds of 15 per cent, 20 per cent, 25 per cent and 
50 per cent shall be notified as well”. 
15 Article 2 of Decree-Law 21/2012 provides for the identification of assets considered significant to national interest in the energy, transport and 
communication sectors to take place through one or more regulations adopted by Presidential Decree. On 6 June 2014, the Official Gazette published 
the two decrees implementing Article 2, paragraph 9 of Decree-Law 21/2012, as approved by the Council of Ministers on 14 March 2014, which 
identify: (i) assets of strategic importance in the energy, transport and communication sectors (Presidential Decree No. 85 of 25 March 2014) and 
(ii) procedures for implementing special powers in the energy, transport and communication sectors (Presidential Decree No. 86 of 25 March 2014). 
On 2 October 2014, the text of the Prime Ministerial Decree of 6 August 2014 was published, containing the “regulations on the coordination 
activities of the Prime Minister in preparation for the exercise of special powers over shareholder structures in the defence and national security 
sectors, and on assets of strategic importance in the energy, transport and telecommunication sectors”. Afterwards, the Italian Government issued the 
Decrees of the President of the Council of Ministers No. 179 of 18 December 2020 ("Decree No. 179/2020") and No. 180 of 23 December 2020 
("Decree No. 180/2020"), published in the Official Gazette on 30 December 2020. The Presidential Decree No. 180/2020 identifies assets of strategic 
importance for the energy, transport and communications sectors, in accordance with Article 2, paragraph 1 of the Golden Power Decree. The new 
rules replace the previous rules in force since 2014 pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 85 of 25 March 2014. Lastly, amendments and additional 
procedural details were provided by the Decree of the President of the Council of Ministers No. 133 of 1 August 2022, with particular reference, 
inter alia, to the establishment of a pre-notification procedure and an ad hoc regime for intra-group transactions.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
a stable holding for the acquirer, due to its assumption of control of the Issuer. If the acquisition poses a threat 
of serious harm to the fundamental interests of the state, the Prime Minister may: 
(i) 
make the validity of the acquisition conditional on the acquirer’s assumption of commitments intended 
to guarantee the protection of the aforementioned interests; or 
(ii) 
oppose the acquisition in exceptional cases involving risks to the protection of the aforementioned 
interests that cannot be eliminated through the assumption of specific commitments.  
The law also stipulates that such powers may be exercised exclusively on the basis of objective and non-
discriminatory criteria. 
Ownership Unbundling 
On 15 October 2012 CDP, through its at that time wholly owned subsidiary CDP RETI S.r.l., acquired from 
ENI 30% less one share of Snam’s voting share capital. As result of such transaction, ENI was no longer the 
controlling shareholder of Snam and, accordingly, Snam was no longer subject to ENI’s direction and 
coordination activity. According to the May Decree, in order to develop the strategic business and to protect 
activities carried out by Snam which represent a public utility service, the abovementioned acquisition by CDP 
RETI must ensure the maintenance of a “stable core” (nucleo stabile) in the share capital of Snam. In 
accordance with the provisions of the May Decree, ENI cannot exercise any voting rights attached to its 
residual interest in Snam.  
Subsequently to October 2012, ENI sold part of its remaining shareholding in Snam. Pursuant to article 2 of 
the May Decree, CDP must ensure the independence of Snam’s governance from the owners of the supply and 
production business. The ARERA Resolution No. 266/2013/R/gas of 20 June 2013 on the preliminary 
certification and the ARERA Resolution No. 515/2013/R/gas of 14 November 2013 on the final certification 
of Snam Rete Gas have confirmed the compliance of the latter with the ownership unbundling requirements 
as set out by the May Decree. The ARERA highlights in the Resolution, inter alia, the lack of factual or legal 
elements that may jeopardise the independence of Snam and Snam Rete Gas, taking into account: (i) the Italian 
legislative framework (in particular Legislative Decree 93/2011 and the May Decree); (ii) the lack of direction 
and coordination activity by CDP over Snam, which prevents CDP from influencing Snam’s strategic and 
management choices; and (iii) the Regulatory framework and supervisory activity of the ARERA does not 
permit Snam Rete Gas to put in place discriminatory behaviour. 
Following the sale of part of the shares in CDP RETI by CDP to State Grid of China in the last quarter of 2014, 
with Resolution 20/2015/R/COM of 29 January 2015, the ARERA started a procedure aimed at confirming 
the fulfilment of the requirements set forth by the ARERA for adopting the certification decision, with 
reference in particular to the shareholder structure and ownership chain of Snam Rete Gas. Such procedure 
ended with a positive outcome in June 2016 and ARERA confirmed compliance with the ownership 
unbundling requirements and the certification decision issued in 2013. 
ARERA, with resolution 589/2018/R/GAS of 20 November 2018, certified Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas S.p.A., 
entirely purchased by Snam in October 2017, as the manager of the natural gas transportation system under 
the ownership unbundling. 
In the context of the initiatives within the energy transition, with Resolution no. 570/2020/R/gas, published on 
28 December 2020, ARERA launched a procedure aimed at confirming the certification of Snam Rete Gas and 
Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas as natural gas transmission operators according to the ownership unbundling 
model pursuant to Article 9 Directive 2009/73/CE and Article 19 Legislative Decree 93/2011. According to 
the applicable legal and regulatory framework, ARERA is expected to notify its preliminary decision to the 
European Commission, for the latter to issue its opinion on the compliance with said applicable framework. 
Lastly, after issuing the preliminary decision 501/2022/R/GAS, and in the light of EC Opinion C (2023)914 
final, on 5 May 2023 ARERA published the Resolution 140/2023/R/GAS thus certifying SRG and ITG as 
natural gas transmission operators with an ownership unbundling scheme. Accordingly, it was prescribed to

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
SRG and ITG to deliver on a regular basis an update on the Group initiatives in the field of energy transition. 
Moreover, SRG and ITG are required to notify to ARERA a plan for the implementation of the solution to use 
biomethane produced and placed on the network primarily for their self-consumption, pending the adoption 
by 2027 of the structural solutions related to passive financial investment and/or to the model of access to 
regulated conditions to waste disposal and biomethane production facilities. 
 
Management, Statutory Auditors and Committees 
Corporate Governance of Snam 
Snam adopts the traditional system of administration and control comprising of: 
− 
a board of directors (consiglio di amministrazione) responsible for the management of Snam; 
 
− 
a board of statutory auditors (collegio sindacale), responsible for compliance with the law and with 
the By-laws, as well as observance of the principles of correct administration in the conduct of Snam’s 
activities and to ensure the adequacy of Snam’s organisational structure, the internal control system 
and the administrative/accounting system; 
 
− 
the shareholders’ meeting (assemblea dei soci), in both ordinary and extraordinary sessions, which has 
the power to resolve on, among other things: (i) appointment and dismissal of the members of the 
board of directors and the board of statutory auditors, as well as their respective compensation and 
responsibilities; (ii) approval of the financial statements and allocation of earnings; (iii) purchase and 
disposal of Snam’s own shares (azioni proprie); (iv) amendment of the By-laws; and (v) issues of 
convertible bonds. 
 
Snam’s financial statements are audited by an external company appointed by the shareholders’ meeting 
following proposal from the board of statutory auditors. 
Since its shares were listed on the Italian stock exchange in 2001, Snam’s corporate governance system has 
complied with the Code of Corporate Governance of Listed Companies promoted by the Borsa Italiana 
(the “Code of Corporate Governance”, as amended from time to time). 
Code of Ethics, Principles of the Internal Control and Enterprise Risk management system 
Snam has adopted and is committed to promoting and maintaining an adequate internal control and risk 
management system, to be understood as a set of all of the tools necessary or useful in order to direct, manage 
and monitor business activities with the objective of: (i) ensuring compliance with laws and company 
procedures; (ii) protecting corporate assets; (iii) managing activities in the best and most efficient manner; and 
(iv) providing accurate and complete accounting and financial data.  
Snam also adopts a Code of Ethics, which was last updated in May 2024. The Code of Ethics defines a shared 
system of values and expresses Snam’s business ethics and culture, as well as inspiring strategic thinking and 
guidance of business activities such as: transparency, honesty, fairness, good faith, sustainability, human 
rights, diversity & inclusion health and safety, protection of the environment, protection and social 
development of local areas, fair competition, etc. The Code of Ethics defines the guiding principles that serve 
as the basis for the entire internal control and risk management system, including (i) the segregation of duties 
among the entities assigned to the processes of authorisation, execution or control; (ii) the existence of 
corporate determinations capable of providing the general standards of reference to govern corporate activities 
and processes; (iii) the existence of formal rules for the exercise of signatory powers and internal powers of 
authorisation; and (iv) traceability (ensured through the adoption of information systems capable of identifying 
and reconstructing the sources, the information and the controls carried out to support the formation and 
implementation of the decisions of the Issuer and the methods of financial resource management). Over time,

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
the internal control and risk management system has been subjected to verification and updating in order to 
continually ensure its suitability and to protect the main areas of risk in business activities.  
In this context, as well as for the purpose of implementing the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code, 
Snam has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management system (ERM) composed of rules, procedures and 
organisational structures, for identifying, measuring, managing and monitoring the main risks that could affect 
the achievement of its strategic objectives. Snam, through the ERM system, has adopted uniform and structured 
methods for identifying, evaluating, managing and controlling risks in line with existing reference models and 
best practice. 
Anti-corruption policy 
With regard to the anticorruption policy of the Issuer, Snam believes it is of vital importance to ensure a climate 
of fairness and transparency in corporate operations and to repudiate corruption in all its forms in the widest 
context of its commitment to abiding by ethical principles. Snam is strongly committed to pursuing an anti-
corruption policy, trying to identify possible areas of vulnerability and eliminating them, strengthening its 
controls and constantly working to increase employees’ awareness of how to identify and prevent corruption 
in various business situations. On 10 May 2023 the board of directors of Snam approved the new 
Anticorruption Guidelines and the Anticorruption Policy which, in accordance with Snam's Code of Ethics, as 
well as with principle 10 of the Global Compact, promote a general policy of zero tolerance towards corruption 
– as an integral part of a broader corporate ethics control system, aimed at ensuring the compliance by Snam 
with national and international Anticorruption Laws and available best practices. In addition, thanks to its 
active collaboration with OECD started in 2017, – Snam has also been admitted to the leadership of the 
Anticorruption Committee of the Business at OECD (BIAC), with the appointment of its General Counsel as 
Vice-Chair. In May 2023, Snam also obtained the ISO 37001 anti corruption certication. 
Reputational checks and acceptance and signature of the Ethics and Integrity Pact are the pillars of the system 
of controls aimed at preventing the risks associated with illegal behaviour and criminal infiltrations concerning 
our suppliers and subcontractors, and aimed at creating with them a trustworthy relationship. 
Snam is a member of the United Nations “Global Compact” and operates within its ten principles, which have 
become an integral part of its strategies, policies and procedures, and has established an integrity culture, aimed 
at the fight against corruption, and at the respect of human rights, labor standards, and environmental 
protection. 
Since 2014 Snam has been working in partnership with Transparency International Italia joining the Business 
Integrity Forum (BIF), and in 2018 Snam signed a MOU with Transparency International, Secretariat of Berlin. 
In 2017 Snam started a collaboration with the OECD, joining the Business at the OECD Committee (BIAC), 
and in October 2019 - as the first Italian company – it entered in the Leadership of the Committee, with the 
appointment of Snam’s general counsel as vice-chair of the Anti-Corruption Committee of BIAC. 
Furthermore, since May 2020 Snam has also been an active member of the Corporate Governance Committee 
of BIAC and last June 2022 was appointed as vice-chairman of the BIAC's Investment and Responsible 
Business Conduct Committee.  
In September 2019 Snam was also involved in the Partnering Against Corruption Initiatives (so called PACI) 
of the World Economic Forum. 
Thanks to the commitment on “Ethics and Anti-Corruption”, Snam has also been mentioned in the document 
presented during the Tokyo Summit of B20 (2019) as a “Tangible Example” of a company that, with concrete 
actions, has stood out in the fight against corruption, and currently is one of the few Italian companies which 
are a member of the Integrity and Compliance Taskforce of the B20 Indonesian Presidency, further to the role 
and positioning acquired in the past Presidencies of Saudi Arabia (2020) and Italian (2021).

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Board of directors 
The board of directors has responsibility for the management of Snam and is vested with full powers for 
management and, in particular, may take all actions it deems necessary for the implementation and 
achievement of any corporate purpose, excluding only acts that the law or the By-laws reserve for shareholders’ 
meetings. The business address of each of the members of the board of directors is Piazza Santa Barbara 7, 
20097 San Donato Milanese, Milan, Italy. 
In compliance with Snam’s By-laws, the board of directors has appointed a chief executive officer, to whom 
it has granted all powers not reserved to the board of directors or the chairman in accordance with the applicable 
law and/or Snam’s By-laws or pursuant to a resolution adopted by the board of directors. 
The board of directors, following a proposal by the chief executive officer (and with the agreement of the 
chairman) has appointed: (i) Snam’s Accounting Senior Vice President as the officer in charge of preparing 
financial reports; and (ii) an Internal Audit Manager. 
Current Board Members 
During Snam’s shareholders’ Meeting held on 27 April 2022, the board of directors set the number of directors 
at nine and their term of office at three financial years expiring on the date of the shareholders’ meeting called 
to approve the financial statements of Snam as at 31 December 2024. Six of the directors, including the 
chairman, are independent directors for the purposes of the Code of Corporate Governance. Three of these 
independent directors were drawn from the slate presented by the Institutional Investors, voted on by the 
minority of shareholders who attended the meeting. Moreover, Monica de Virgiliis was appointed as 
Chairwoman of Snam and Stefano Venier as Chief Executive Officer. 
The table below sets out the name, office held and date and place of birth for each of the current members of 
the Snam’s board of directors. 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of birth 
Monica de Virgiliis  
Chairman 
Torino, 20 July 1967 
Stefano Venier 
Chief Executive Officer 
Udine, 3 April 1963 
Massimo Bergami 
Laura Cavatorta* 
Independent director 
Independent director 
Bologna, 2 October 1964 
Treviso, 1 February 1964 
Augusta Iannini 
 
Piero Manzoni* 
Independent director 
 
Independent director 
L’Aquila, 20 January 1950 
 
Bergamo, 8 October 1962 
Rita Rolli * 
 
Qinjing Shen 
Independent director 
 
Director 
Forlì, 10 May 1969 
 
Haining, China, 22 July 1978 
Alessandro Tonetti 
Director 
Ronciglione (Viterbo) 24 April 
1977 
 
* Drawn from the slate presented by the Institutional Investors, voted on by the minority of shareholders who attended the meeting. 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the board of directors is domiciled at 
Snam’s registered office at Piazza Santa Barbara 7, 20097 San Donato Milanese, Milan, Italy. Brief 
biographies of Snam’s Directors are set out below. 
Monica de Virgiliis 
Monica de Virgiliis has been Chairwoman of Snam since April 2022, the company is one of the leading players 
in the energy infrastructure industry worldwide. Between 2016 and 2019 she held the office of Independent 
Director and chaired the Compensation Committee at Snam.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Monica de Virgiliis has gained a wide range of managerial experience in various high-tech strategic sectors, 
alternating between operating and strategic management roles, and intervening as a leader in business model 
turnaround procedures and value chains in markets impacted by digitalisation. 
After dedicating the first part of her career to the semiconductor industry, holding different positions including 
general manager of the Wireless Multimedia Division of STMicroelectronics in Geneva and of the Industrial 
Microcontroller Division of Infineon Technologies in Munich, since 2017 she has been committed to applying 
her technological experience to the world of energy transformation. 
From 2017 to 2019, she was chief strategy officer of the Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission 
in Paris (CEA). 
From 2015 to 2021 she sat in the board of directors of Prysmian, from 2019 to 2021 she was on the board of 
directors of the French company Geodis and from 2021 to 2022 she was on the board of directors of Saras. 
Until May 2024, she was a member of the Supervisory Board of ASM International N.V., leader of the 
equipment for the manufacturing of advanced semiconductors, listed in Amsterdam, and currently she is 
serving as Independent Director of the listed French company Airliquide S.A., a global market leader in 
technical gases for industrial and health applications. Since April 2023, she has also been an independent 
director of Georg Fischer AG, a Swiss-listed company. 
Determined to contribute to the energy transition and to the transformation of the industry in line with the Paris 
Agreement, she founded and is chairman of the company Chapter Zero France, a platform for dialogue between 
directors, investors and regulators of the Climate Governance Initiative, the result of a collaboration with the 
World Economic Forum in 2019. 
Monica de Virgiliis graduated with honours in Electrical Engineering from the Turin Polytechnic University. 
She is trilingual in French, English and Italian. She was born in Turin in 1967. As of 27 April 2022, she is 
chairwoman of Snam. 
Stefano Venier 
Since April 2022, Stefano Vernier has been the chief executive officer of Snam, one of the leading companies 
in the energy infrastructure industry worldwide. 
He has more than 30 years of managerial experience in the energy and utility sectors, both in Italy and 
internationally. 
From 2014 to 2022 he was the chief executive officer of Hera, a multiutility company listed on the Stock 
Exchange and active in the following sectors: energy, energy networks, water and the environment. At Hera 
he was also general manager of Development and energy markets (2008-2014) and the head of business 
development, strategic planning and regulatory affairs (2004-2008). 
From 1996 to 2004 he worked in the international consultancy company A.T Kearney where he was a senior 
consultant in the energy, telecommunications and automotive fields and later vice-chairman of Energy & 
Utilities, working with some of the leading operators of the sector in Italy and Europe. 
From 1989 to 1996 he worked for the Eni Group in positions of increasing responsibility, both at national and 
international level, in areas such as strategic planning, market analysis and strategic projects within the 
petrochemical sector. 
He began his career in 1987 with Electrolux, where he worked in the industrial automation division. 
He was born in Udine in 1963, graduated in IT from the University of Udine and completed a Master’s degree 
in Energy and Environmental Management and Economics from the Scuola Superiore Mattei. 
He is a Member of the board of directors of the MIB Trieste School of Management.  
Massimo Bergami

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Born in Bologna in 1964. He has been an Independent Director of Snam since 27 April 2022. 
He graduated with honours in Economics from the University of Bologna, completed a PhD in Business 
Management and has gained international experience at the University of Michigan, University of Florida and 
New York University. 
He is currently a full professor of corporate organisation at the University of Bologna and Dean of the Bologna 
Business School. He is a non-executive director on the board of directors of Ferrarelle S.p.A. and EFMD, the 
world association of business schools and since 24 Aprile 2024, he is also an independent director of United 
Ventures SGR S.p.A. and from June 2024 a Board member of Faro Value S.p.A. SB. 
He works in the field of organisational identity and is the author of several essays and publications in 
international scientific reviews. 
He was a member of the Committee for Natural Capital (Ministry of the Environment and Land and Sea 
Protection); Economic Director of the Ministry for Regional Affairs, Tourism and Sport; coordinator of the 
White Paper on Innovation and Entrepreneurship and Advisor to the Ministry of the Defence. 
He has carried out and continues to carry out activities to support research, innovation and entrepreneurship 
and as of June 2024 he is a member of the Board of Directors of Fondazione MAST. He has gained years of 
experience in the governance of listed companies, as Member of the Control and Risk Committee at Brunello 
Cucinelli S.p.A. and Telecom Italia Media, Member of the Compensation Committee, Control Committee, 
Lead Independent Director at Ducati Motor Holding S.p.A. and Member of the Strategy Committee at Ferretti 
Group S.p.A. 
He is an Honorary Professor at Nankai University and Mirbis and was awarded the honorary title of Knight 
and Commander of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. 
 
Laura Cavatorta 
She was born in Treviso in 1964. As of 2 April 2019, she is an Independent Director of Snam. She graduated 
in sociology with honours. 
She has over twenty years of managerial experience in the Alitalia group, holding roles of increasing 
responsibility, including in operational positions with 3,000-5,000 employees. She also directed the airline Air 
One from 2012 to 2014, bringing it back into balance. 
She has acquired specific expertise in restructuring, mergers, acquisitions and receiverships, and is particularly 
sensitive to the management of human capital and the many dimensions involved in any corporate change.   
Her experience as transport and tourism director of the Rome 2024 Olympic Committee was brief but 
significant for the expansion of expertise in the areas of digital innovation, local public transport, intermodal 
mobility and integrated platforms (commercial and operational) for transport and tourism. 
She deals with corporate governance, with a specific focus on ESG issues and on the different ways of 
substantiating an approach aimed at sustainable development over time. She follows the so called “B Corp 
movement” and its paradigm of sustainable business, capable of developing profits together with a positive 
impact on society and the environment. She analyses methodologies and tools to identify and monitor ESG 
risks in an integrated manner, mapping their evolutionary dynamics and interconnections with other factors 
capable of triggering their possible impacts, paying particular attention to the environmental dimension, for 
aspects related to climate change, and to the social dimension, related to inequalities. 
She supports gender equality, the development of female talent and merit-based careers, believing in the need 
for women to be fully integrated into all spheres of society and deservedly present in top positions.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
She is on the boards of directors for the ESG European Institute and for Fuori Quota, non-profit organisations 
active respectively in sustainability and women's empowerment and collaborates in ASviS on the Gender 
Equality goal of the UN 2030 Agenda. 
Since 2018 she is independent director of Italian Wireless Infrastructures, for which she is also the Chairwomen 
of the Sustainability Committee and member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
Since June 2022, she has been an Independent Director of UNIEURO S.p.A. as well as a member of the 
Sustainability Committee and the Control and Risk Committee. 
Augusta Iannini 
Born in L’Aquila on 20 January 1950. 
She has been an Independent Director of Snam since 27 April 2022. 
She graduated with honours in Law from “La Sapienza” University of Rome and has embarked on a brilliant 
career in law, as a Lawyer and Magistrate from 1977 to 2012, holding the positions, among others, of 
Investigating Magistrate in criminal matters and Magistrate for preliminary investigations. 
She was Vice Head of Cabinet of the Ministry of Justice since June 2001, from 13 December 2001 to 3 January 
2005 she was the Director-General of the Criminal Justice System (with the duty, among others, of assessing 
codes of conduct drawn up by associations representing organisations, in accordance with Legislative Decree 
No. 231 of 8 June 2001) and also coordinated activities at the Council of Europe, the European Union, the UN 
and the OECD. 
From 4 January 2005 to 7 June 2008, she was head of the Justice Affairs Department (dealing, among other 
things, with the administrative management of judicial activities in civil and criminal matters; preliminary 
activities required for the Ministry to exercise its powers in proceedings; international cooperation in civil and 
criminal matters). 
She was Head of the Legislative Office of the Ministry of Justice from 8 June 2008 to June 2012. 
She held the position of vice-chairman of the Italian Data Protection Authority guaranteeing the protection of 
personal data from 19 June 2012 to 25 June 2020. 
Former member of several boards of directors of leading companies, she is a Member of the Board of Directors 
of Ospedale San Raffaele S.r.l. and Lottomatica S.p.A.; and chairman of the Supervisory Bodies of Esselunga 
S.p.a. and its subsidiaries Atlantic and Esserbella; vice-chairman of the Monitoring Body of the code of 
conduct for the processing of personal data regarding commercial information (Associazione Nazionale tra le 
Imprese di Infomazioni Commerciali e di Gestione del Credito). She is also an extraordinary commissioner 
appointed by the Prefect of Rome for the mechanical biological treatment (“MBT”) of Guidonia (Rome). 
She is the author of several legal publications. 
She has received various awards over the years, including the Bellisario Award for justice in 2009 and was 
named Knight of the National Order of the Legion of Honour; in 2012 she received the “Anna Maria 
Mammoliti” Minerva Award in honour of her career. 
Piero Manzoni 
Born in Bergamo on 8 October 1962. 
He has been an independent Director of Snam since 27 April 2022. 
He graduated in mechanical engineering, specialising in Technology, from the Polytechnic University of Milan 
and obtained a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Bocconi University of Milan.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
He is the founder and chief executive officer of Neoruralehub, chief executive officer of Neorurale SpA, 
executive chairman of Menoenergia, chief executive officer and founder of Simbiosi Srl, vice-chairman of 
Confindustria Cisambiente, Member of the European Land Owner & Friends of Countryside, Member of the 
Board of the Life Sciences Group in Assolombarda. 
In 2022, alongside Tamburi Investment Partners and as founder and CEO, he created Simbiosi S.r.l., a 
company whose objectives include the optimisation of the use of natural resources such as water, soil, air, 
energy, materials and biodiversity within the agri-food supply chain, and the efficiency of the food cycle (From 
Farm to Fork and Back to Farm Again), according to the principles of circular economy. The Simbiosi mission 
is also to offset the effects of climate change with nature-based solutions (NBS) for the use of clean and 
renewable energy that can be stored, emissions management systems that use artificial intelligence, and 
environmental blockchain systems to measure decarbonisation in production processes, absorption systems for 
CO2 in the soil according to regenerative ecosystem practices, production of fertilisers and soil conditioners 
from organic waste fractions, aimed at the development of regenerative farming models according to natural 
principles, and much more. 
From 2009 to 2016 he held the position of chief executive officer and general manager at Falck S.p.A. and 
Falck Renewables S.p.A. 
From 2006 to 2009 he was the chief executive officer of Atel Energia S.p.A. (now Alpiq), also holding the 
position of Member of the World Energy Council Italia. 
From 2001 to 2006 he worked for Siemens Italia, holding, among others, the position of Managing Director at 
Siemens Power, chairman of Telegyr S.p.A., and chairman of Fiat Avio Power Service and Vatech Italia as 
well as being a member of WEC Italia. 
From 1994 to 2001 he held various managerial positions in Italy and abroad and, among other things, he was 
the CEO and Country Manager of ABB Asea Brown Boveri Libia in Tripoli following his position as general 
manager of the Power Solutions Business Area of ABB Italia.  
 
Rita Rolli 
She was born in Forlì in 1969. 
She has been an Independent Director of Snam since 2 April 2019. 
She graduated in Law with honours from the University of Bologna. 
A Court of Cassation lawyer, she carries out her professional activity in the field of civil law, commercial and 
corporate law - both in and out of court and in arbitration procedures - and corporate crisis resolution (Studio 
Galgano). 
She teaches as a Full Professor of Private Law on the Master’s degree programme in Law in the Department 
of Law at the University of Bologna. 
She is effective auditor of Sogefi S.p.A. Since April 2023 she has been independent director and chairman of 
the Sustainability Committee in Interpump Group S.p.A. 
Since June 2021 she is a Board member of Fondazione della Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì. 
From April 2024 she is also Chairwoman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Adiacent S.p.A. 
She is the author of many publications and legal monographs and contributes to the compilation of prestigious 
legal journals.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Lastly, the research scope of her publications is also geared towards providing answers to climate change 
issues in the legal sector. 
Qinjing Shen 
He holds a Bachelor degree and a Master’s degree in Electrical Power System Engineering from Zhejiang 
University, China. 
Currently he holds the role of board member of CDP RETI S.p.A., Italgas S.p.A., Terna S.p.A. and State Grid’s 
Chief Representative in Italy. 
He has held the position of Director of Department of Business Development&Strategy, State Grid 
International Development, LTD from 2016 to 2021. He held the role of Key Contact and Coordinator in CPFL 
Energy sophisticated transactions in Brazil (Deal size: 9 billion USD, including Controlling Block deal, 
Mandatory Tender Offers for CPFL Energy minority shareholders, Mandatory Tender Offers for CPFL 
Renewable, Re-IPO of CPFL). As Key player for State Grid’s other M&A deals (Chilquinta, Chile (2.5 billion 
USD, 2020) CGE, Chile (3 billion USD, 2021). 
 
SGID set up State Grid Brazil Holding (SGBH), which has engaged in power transmission projects, including 
Phase II of Belo Monte UHVDC Transmission, the world’s longest ±800kV power transmission line. During 
the construction process, the team established an integrated plan regarding the protection of local animals and 
vegetation, especially for endangered species. Over 95% animals were rescued and over 25% vegetation were 
saved from deforestation when the project completed. And the reforestation plan has enabled greater 
biodiversity in the ecosystem. 
 
He held the position of Deputy Director of the Department of Business Development & Strategy, State Grid 
lnternational Development, LTD from 2013 to 2016. He held the role of Project Manager and Key Contact of 
a CDP Reti transaction (2.2 billion Euro) in 2014. Highly evolved in several Australia M&A transactions at 
that period for State Grid. 
He held the position of Project Manager within the Department of Business Development & Strategy, State 
Grid International Development, LTD from 2008 to 2013. As Project Manager he oversaw acquisitionof 7 
transmission Concessions in Brazil from Spain investors (1 billion USD) in 2010, and participation in the 
transaction of NGCP of Philippines (2009), REN of Portugal (2011). 
He has held the position of Dispatching Engineer of Dispatching Communication Center, Zhejiang Electric 
Power Company (a subsidiary of State Grid Corporation of China) (2003-2008). 
As of 17 February 2022, he is member of the Board of Snam S.p.A. 
Alessandro Tonetti  
Alessandro Tonetti (1977) is deputy general manager and Legal, Corporate and Regulatory Affairs Director of 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. 
A cum laude graduate in Law, he won two one-year scholarships for specialisation courses in Administrative 
Sciences, with particular reference to Economic Public Law under the direction of Professor Sabino Cassese. 
Subsequently, he obtained a PhD in Administrative Law and Organization and Functioning of the Public 
Administration at the Sapienza University in Rome and a postgraduate specialisation diploma in European 
Public Law at the Academy of European Public Law of the Kapodistrian University of Athens, with an in-
depth examination on the subject of competition and state aid. 
In December 2010 he became a senior executive at Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. From June 2013 to February 
2016, he was a member of the “Nucleo tecnico per il coordinamento della politica economica” (Technical 
Team for coordination of economic policy) in support of the Prime Minister' office and then since March 2014 
he has held the position of deputy Head of Cabinet of the Ministry of Economy and Finance. In this latter 
period, as representative for the Ministry of Economy and Finance, he was a member of the “Gruppo di

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
coordinamento per l’attuazione della disciplina dei poteri speciali sugli assetti societari" (Coordination group 
for the implementation of regulations on special powers on share ownership) operating at the Prime Minister’s 
office. 
In the past, he has held managerial and executive roles at the Prime Minister's Office and was a member of the 
“Nucleo di consulenza per la regolazione dei servizi pubblici” (Advisory Team for public service regulation), 
as well as of the Technical Secretariat of the National Management Committee for economic programming, 
also operating at the Prime Minister's office, in support of the activity of the Inter-ministerial Committee for 
economic programming. 
He teaches a Master’s degree course in Administrative Law (since 2003) now at the “Roma Tre” University 
and a Master's in Economics and Development Policies at the LUISS Guido Carli University (since 2016). In 
the past, he was a contract professor of Business Administration Discipline at the University of Tuscia (2001-
2002) and Media Law at the same university (2005-2010), and of Public Finance Law at the Suor Orsola 
Benincasa University (2014-2016). He has also given lessons at the School of Public Administration and the 
School of Economics and Finance. Author of various articles and essays in major law journals on 
administrative national and European law and on Economic Public law. 
He is a member of the board of directors of Giubileo 2025 S.p.A., Open Fiber and Open Fiber Holdings and 
member of the Special Fund Management Committee of the Istituto per il Credito Sportivo. He was a member 
of the board of directors of Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana fondata da Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. (2020-
2022) and Enav S.p.A. in the three-year period 2014-2017 (during which time the company was listed on the 
Stock Market) and a member of the board of directors of the Florence Academy of Fine Arts (2013-2016). 
 Since 27 April 2016, he has been an Non Executive Director of Snam.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Principal Activities of the Directors outside Snam Group 
The table below shows the principal activities of the members of the board of directors outside of Snam Group. 
Director 
Principal activities outside of Snam Group 
Monica de Virgiliis 
 
Stefano Venier 
Massimo Bergami 
Director in Airliquide SA.  
Independent director of Georg Fischer AG, a Swiss-listed company. 
Non-executive Director of Industrie De Nora S.p.A. 
He is currently a Full Professor of Corporate Organisation at the University of 
Bologna and Dean of the Bologna Business School. He is a non-executive Director 
on the board of directors of Ferrarelle S.p.A. and EFMD and an Independent 
Director of United Ventures SGR S.p.A. He is a member of the Board of Directors 
of Fondazione MAST and Faro Value S.pA. SB. 
Laura Cavatorta 
Independent Director in INWIT S.p.A. and Independent Director and member of 
the Sustainability Committee and Control Risks Committee of Unieuro S.p.A. 
Augusta Iannini 
Piero Manzoni  
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Body of Esselunga and its subsidiary companies 
Atlantic and Esserebella. Board member of Lottomatica Group S.p.A. and 
Ospedale San Raffaele S.r.l.  
He is the founder and chief executive officer of Simbiosi Srl., chief executive 
officer of Neoruralehub SpA, vice-chairman of Confindustria Cisambiente, 
member of the European Land Owner & Friends of Countryside, Member of the 
board of the life sciences group in Assolombarda. 
Qinjing Shen 
Non-executive director of CDP Reti S.p.A., Director of Terna S.p.A., Italgas 
S.p.A.  
Rita Rolli 
Full Professor of Private Law on the Master’s degree programme in Law in the 
Department of Law at the University of Bologna 
Statutory auditor of Sogefi S.p.A. as well as independent director and chairman of 
Sustainability Committee in Interpump Group S.p.A. She is director of 
Fondazione della Cassa dei Risparmi di Forlì. 
Chairwoman of Board of Statutory Auditor of Adiacent S.p.A. 
Alessandro Tonetti 
Deputy general manager and legal, corporate and regulatory affairs director at 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. He is a member of the board of directors of 
Giubileo 2025 S.p.A., Open Fiber S.p.A. and Open Fiber Holdings S.p.A. and 
member of the Special Fund Management Committee of the Istituto per il Credito 
Sportivo. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
In addition to being on the board of directors of Snam, Alessandro Tonetti and Qinjing Shen are, respectively, 
(i) vice general manager and chief legal officer of Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A., and (ii) Non-Executive 
Director of CDP Reti S.p.A. 
CDP Reti S.p.A., which is 59.1% owned by CDP, owns 31.352% of the ordinary share capital of Snam.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
Snam has in place mechanisms and rules aimed at reporting and neutralising potential conflicts of interest 
when called upon to resolve on matters where one or more directors might have potential conflicts of interest.  
Other than as previously stated, as far as Snam is aware, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties 
to Snam of the members of the board of directors and their private interests or other duties outside Snam Group.  
The Regulations of the board of directors have been amended to comply with the provisions set out in the 
shareholder agreement signed between CDP, State Gride Europe Limited (“SGEL”) and State Grid 
International Development Limited16 concerning SGEL’s undertaking to ensure that Qinjing Shen, the director 
appointed by it to Snam’s board of directors (if and to the extent that said director is not independent pursuant 
to Article 148 of the TUF) shall abstain, to the maximum extent permitted by law, from receiving information 
and/or documentation from Snam in relation to matters on which there is a conflict of interests for SGEL and/or 
any affiliated party, in relation to business opportunities in which Snam, on the one hand, and SGEL and/or an 
affiliated party, on the other, have an interest and may be in competition, and shall not take part in the 
discussions of Snam’s board of directors concerning the aforementioned matters. 
Board of directors – Committees 
The board of directors has established the following committees within the board of directors itself, as required 
by the Code of Corporate Governance, which have consultative and advisory duties: (a) the Control, Risk and 
Related Parties Transaction Committee; (b) the Appointments and Compensation Committee; and (c) the 
Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee. The composition, duties and operation of the 
committees are governed by special regulations adopted by the board of directors in accordance with criteria 
set by the Code of Corporate Governance. The Committees consist of three members with exception of the 
Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee which is composed by four members. In the 
performance of their functions, the committees may access information and contact company departments for 
the purposes of performing their duties. They have sufficient financial resources and may use external 
consultants within the terms set by the board of directors. 
Control, Risk and Related Parties Transaction Committee 
Snam’s Control, Risk and Related Parties Transaction Committee (Comitato Controllo e Rischi e Operazioni 
con Parti Correlate) – previously named Control and Risk Committee – whose role is to consult with and 
make proposals to the board of directors, was established on 26 February 2002.  
The composition, tasks and functioning of such Committee are governed by a special regulation, most recently 
approved by the board of directors on 12 October 2022. The board of directors set up the Control, Risk and 
Related Parties Transaction Committee composed of three independent non-executive Directors, as defined by 
the Code of Corporate Governance.  
The Control, Risk and Related Parties Transactions Committee provides recommendations and advice to the 
board of directors with the goals of supporting assessments and decisions on internal control and risk 
management system as well as decisions regarding the approval of the periodic financial and non-financial 
reports. In particular, in assisting the board of directors, the Committee performs the following functions: 
• 
evaluates the proper use of accounting standards and their consistency in order to prepare the consolidated 
financial statements; 
• 
examines the content of the periodic non-financial information relevant to the internal control and risk 
management system; 
 
16 CDP and State Grid Europe Limited, which in turn is wholly owned by State Grid International Development Limited, are the main shareholders 
of CDP RETI. For further information, refer to paragraph “Principal Shareholders – Brief description of the main shareholder”.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
• 
assesses whether the periodic financial and non-financial information is suitable to correctly represent the 
company’s business model, its strategies, the impact of its business and the performance achieved, in 
coordination with the Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee; 
• 
expresses opinions on specific aspects relating to the identification of the main risks to Snam; 
• 
examines the periodic and particularly relevant reports prepared by the Senior Vice President of Internal 
Audit and monitors the independence, effectiveness and efficiency of the internal audit department; 
• 
may ask the internal auditor to carry out audits and reviews of selected operations; 
• 
supports the board of directors with defining the guidelines of the internal control and risk management 
system in line with the company’s strategies - including, in coordination with the Sustainability and 
Energy Transition Scenarios Committee, the correct identification of risks that are significant from a 
sustainability perspective, also for the purposes of preparing non-financial disclosures, pertaining to the 
company and its subsidiaries, assuring that they are adequately measured, managed and monitored. In 
addition, the Committee supports the board of directors determining the degree of compatibility of such 
risks with a management consistent with the strategic objectives identified; 
• 
supports the board of directors at least once a year, assessing the adequacy of the internal control and risk 
management system, given the characteristics of the company and the risk profile assumed, and also its 
efficacy; 
• 
performs the tasks assigned to it by the board of directors within the scope of the “Transactions involving 
the interests of the directors and statutory auditors and transactions with related parties” Procedure;  
• 
reports to the Board, at least every six months, during the approval of the annual and half-yearly financial 
report, on the activities it has carried out, as well as on the adequacy of the internal control and risk 
management system. In any event, after each meeting, the chairman of the Committee informs the board 
of directors, at the first available meeting, about the activities carried out and the comments, 
recommendations and opinions put forward by the Committee; 
• 
supports the board of directors’ assessments and decisions relating to the management of risks deriving 
from prejudicial facts of which the board of directors has become aware; 
• 
comments on proposals submitted to the board by the internal control and risk management system 
director concerning the appointment, dismissal and remuneration of the internal auditor and related to 
ensuring that the internal auditor has adequate resources to fulfil his/her responsibilities. 
The members are: Piero Manzoni (chairman), Augusta Iannini and Laura Cavatorta. 
 
Appointments and Compensation Committee  
 
The Appointments and Compensation Committee (Comitato Nomine e Remunerazioni) consists of three 
directors, of whom two are independent, including the Chairwoman, Rita Rolli. The other members are 
Massimo Bergami, and Alessandro Tonetti (non-executive directors).  
This Committee was established on 27 April 2022. The composition, tasks and functioning of such Committee 
are currently governed by the previous regulations of the Appointments Committee and Compensation 
Committee approved by the board of directors on 12 October 2022. 
 
The Appointments and Compensation Committee conducts preliminary investigations for the board of 
directors and provides advice and recommendations on the composition and size of the board of directors and 
on equal treatment and opportunities among genders. In particular, the Committee assists the board of directors

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
in performing the following duties: 
 
• 
defining the optimal composition of the board of directors and its committees, regarding preparation by 
the board of directors for each time it is due for renewal, of guidelines on the quantitative and qualitative 
composition of the Board deemed optimal, taking into account the self-assessment results; 
• 
proposing candidates for the position of director, should the office of one or more directors be vacated 
during the year, and to ensure compliance with the requirements for the minimum number of independent 
directors and for the quota reserved for the less represented gender on the board; 
• 
proposing the plan for the succession of the CEO and any other executive directors, setting out at least the 
procedures to be followed in the event of the early termination of the office (contingency plan); 
• 
proposing candidates for the administrative bodies of Snam’s controlled companies included in the scope 
of consolidation, other investee companies considered by the board of directors and foundations set up by 
Snam; the proposal formulated by the Committee is necessary. 
In order to support the process of identifying candidacies: 
1. 
in January and July of each calendar year a plan is submitted to the Committee detailing the 
appointments that will be submitted to it for review during the half year; 
2. 
during the year, before the call notice of each Committee meeting to examine the proposed 
candidacies is submitted for the chairman's signature, the names and curricula vitae of the 
candidates are submitted for the attention of the chairman who examines these proposals and may, 
where deemed necessary, request meetings and interviews with the candidates. 
The candidacies brought to the attention of the Committee must comply with the requirements laid down 
in Annex B “Designation of members of the administrative and control bodies of the subsidiaries and 
investee companies” of the “Corporate Governance and Unbundling” guidelines adopted by the board of 
directors and in force at the time, that require the assessment of: (i) the technical and professional skills; 
(ii) the managerial experience gained and company role, also in relation to the context in which the 
company whose members are being appointed operates; (iii) the commitment required to fulfil duties, in 
relation to positions previously held; (iv) the advisability of rotation in the positions; and (v) the 
representation of the less represented gender; 
• 
periodically and at least once a year, the Committee analyses the identification of the strategic investee 
companies and, where deemed appropriate, making proposals to the board of directors; 
• 
examining the candidacies for the appointment of the Senior Vice President of Internal Audit, giving the 
board of directors its opinion. The review of the candidacies is carried out, where deemed appropriate, in 
meetings with the candidates held by the chairman of the Appointments Committee together with the 
chairman of the Control, Risk and Related Party Transactions Committee. The chairman of the board of 
statutory auditors is invited to these meetings; 
• 
preparing and proposing (i) directives on the maximum number of offices in administration or control 
bodies in other listed companies or of a significant size that can be compatible with an effective 
performance of the office required by the role of company director, considering the commitment involved; 
(ii) criteria for assessing the requirements of professionalism and independence of directors, to ensure 
directors are not involved in competitive activities, and report any concerns to the Board; 
• 
ensuring the adoption of the diversity and inclusion policies adopted by the company, including those 
aimed at reducing the pay gap and promoting professional equality, with reference to the activities within 
its remit and monitoring their effective implementation; 
• 
reporting to the Board, at least once every six months, not later than the latest date for the approval of the 
annual and six-monthly financial report, on the activities which it has carried out, at the meeting specified

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
by the chairman of the board of directors. In any event, subsequently to each meeting the Committee 
updates the board of directors in a communication, at the first available meeting, on the topics discussed 
and the comments, recommendations and opinions formulated therein. 
 
The Appointments and Compensation Committee also shall conduct preliminary investigations for the board 
of directors and provide it with advice and recommendations, and in particular: 
 
• 
assists the board of directors in the preparation of the remuneration policy for directors, general managers, 
executives with strategic responsibilities and, without prejudice to the provisions of article 2402 of the 
Italian Civil Code, members of the control body (“Remuneration Policy”), also taking into account the 
remuneration practices widespread in the reference sectors and for companies of similar size, also 
considering comparable foreign experiences, with the possible support of an independent consultant; 
• 
reviews the vote on the Remuneration Report taken by the shareholders’ meeting in the current financial 
year and expresses an opinion to the board of directors;  
• 
periodically evaluates the adequacy, overall consistency and practical application of the policy by 
formulating proposals on this subject to the Board; 
• 
makes proposals concerning the remuneration of the chairman and the CEO and members of board 
committees; 
• 
examines the indications of the CEO and proposes, with a view to promoting sustainable value creation 
over the medium/long term, general criteria for the remuneration of managers with strategic 
responsibilities, general guidelines for the remuneration of other executives of Snam and its subsidiaries 
and annual and long-term incentive plans, including share-based plans; 
• 
proposes the definition of performance targets (in agreement with the Sustainability and Energy Transition 
Scenarios Committee as concerns the identification of those that include indicators relating to ESG 
factors), the final accounting of company results and the definition of clawback clauses related to the 
implementation of incentive plans;  
• 
proposes the definition, in relation to Directors with powers of (i) the indemnification to be paid in the 
event of termination of their employment; and of (ii) the non-competition agreements; 
• 
monitors the application of decisions adopted by the Board; 
• 
reports to the Board, at least once every six months, not later than the latest date for the approval of the 
annual and half-yearly report, at the meeting specified by the chairman of the board of directors; in 
addition, subsequently to its own meeting the Committee updates the board of directors in a 
communication, at the first available meeting, on the topics discussed and the comments, recommendations 
and opinions formulated therein. 
 
Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee 
The Environmental, Social & Governance and Energy Transition Committee changed its name in 
Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee with a resolution of the Board of Directors dated 
13 March 2024. This Committee is composed of four non-executive directors the majority of whom, included 
the Chairwoman, Laura Cavatorta, are independent. The other three members are Massimo Bergami, Rita Rolli 
and Qinjing Shen. 
The composition, tasks and functioning of such Committee are governed by the regulations of the 
Sustainability and Energy Transition Scenarios Committee approved by the board of directors on 13 March 
2024. 
The Committee shall offer advice and recommendations to the board of directors on sustainability-related

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
matters and long-term energy transition scenarios, and in particular in relation to all processes, initiatives and 
activities aimed at overseeing the company’s commitment to sustainable development throughout the value 
chain, with particular reference to: matters of climate transition and technological innovation; access to energy 
and energy sustainability; environment and energy efficiency; health, wellness and safety of people and local 
communities; respect and protection of rights, particularly human rights; integrity and transparency; diversity 
and inclusion and corporate governance.  
For that purpose, it fosters the continuous integration of national and international best practices into the 
corporate governance of Snam and of environmental, social and governance matters into the company’s 
strategies so as to pursue sustainable success, which takes the form of long-term value creation to benefit 
shareholders, taking into account the interests of other stakeholders relevant for the company. 
 
The committee, in particular, shall have the following functions: 
• monitor the alignment of the corporate governance system with the law, the Corporate Governance Code 
and national and international best practices, making proposals to the board of directors; 
 
• prepare the board review activities, submitting the relative proposals to the board of directors; 
 
• draw up and propose diversity policies to the board of directors as specified in letter (d-bis) of article 123-
bis of Italian legislative decree n. 58 of 1998 as amended and supplemented; 
 
• examine the Issuer’s policies on human rights, business ethics and integrity, diversity and inclusion; the 
policies to integrate environmental, social and governance issues into the business model including through 
the analysis of the relative KPIs, the long-term energy transition scenarios for the preparation of the strategic 
plan, with respect to the short and medium-term scenarios prepared with the participation of Snam and 
published pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, expressing an opinion to the board of directors; 
matters relating to energy transition (regarding, specifically, the use of resources and energy sources that 
are compatible with environmental protection and progressive decarbonisation examining in particular the 
initiatives undertaken by the company to address issues raised by climate change and the relative reporting), 
technological innovation and circular economy; the approaches, objectives and consequent processes 
regarding sustainability and the sustainability reporting submitted annually to the board of directors 
(including the non-financial statement); the correct use of the standards adopted in order to prepare the non-
financial information and the document to be submitted for the approval of the board of directors, including 
and liaising with the Control, Risk and Related Party Transactions Committee, the reporting of risks relating 
to ESG factors in the medium/long term; proposals and/or opinions relating to the definition and calculation 
of performance targets which include indicators relating to ESG factors, in coordination with the 
Appointments and Compensation Committee; the profit and non-profit strategy and its implementation, 
also in relation to individual projects, by means of the non-profit plan submitted annually to the Board, the 
non-profit initiatives submitted to the Board, as well as the company’s gas & energy transition advocacy 
initiatives; and the sustainable finance initiatives; the policy for managing dialogue with all shareholders, 
formulated on the proposal of the chairman of the board of directors in agreement with the CEO, as well as 
the periodic check of the correct application of such policy; 
 
• monitor the positioning of the Issuer with respect to the financial markets on sustainability issues, with 
particular reference to the Issuer’s placement in the ethical sustainability indices and international initiatives 
on environmental, social and governance matters and the Issuer’s participation in them, in order to 
consolidate the company’s international reputation; 
 
• report to the board of directors, at least once every six months and no later than the latest date for the 
approval of the annual and six-monthly financial report, on the activities it has carried out, at the meeting 
specified by the chairman of the board of directors; in any event, after every meeting, the Committee forms 
the board of directors, at the first available meeting, about the activities carried out and the comments,

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
recommendations and opinions put forward by the Committee. 
  
Related party transactions 
On 30 November 2010, the board of directors approved the “Procedure relating to transactions involving 
interests of directors and statutory auditors and transactions with related parties” (the “Procedure”), in 
compliance with the provisions of article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code and of CONSOB Resolution No. 
17221/2010.  
On 12 December 2017, the board of directors, after having received the unanimous favourable opinion of the 
Control, Risk and Related Party Transactions Committee, adopted the “Guideline for Transactions involving 
the interests of the directors and statutory auditors and Transactions with Related Parties” to replace the 
existing Procedure with a view to simplifying and maintaining, in substantive terms, content in line with the 
Consob Regulations (Resolution No. 17221 of 12 March 2010). 
The board of directors every year conducts an audit of the effectiveness of the Guideline. 
On 15 June 2021, after receiving the favourable and unanimous opinion of the Control, Risk and Related Party 
Transactions Committee the board of directors approved an updated version of the Related Parties Guideline 
to reflect the changes made to Consob Regulations on Transactions with Related Parties, as amended by 
Consob resolution n. 21624 of 10 December 2020, which became effective on 1 July 2021. 
On 14 September 2022, after receiving the favourable and unanimous opinion of the Control, Risk and Related 
Parties Transactions Committee, the board of directors approved - in line with the provisions of Consob 
Regulation 17221 of 12 March 2010 to be applied in relation to the materiality indices set forth in the Consob 
Regulation – the adoption of the 5% - parameter for the identification of Large Transactions. 
The Guideline addresses the legal and regulatory context in which Snam and its subsidiaries operate and 
comply with the Unbundling Regulation, by taking into account the specific nature of the activities carried out 
by Snam and its subsidiaries, which are subject to the supervision of the ARERA.  
To further safeguard transparency in the market, Snam ensures material and procedural correctness by 
voluntarily applying the regime set out in the CONSOB Regulation No. 17221/2010 to all transactions entered 
into by the subsidiaries with Snam’s related parties. This ensures the adequate and timely transfer of 
information between the directors of the subsidiaries and Snam. 
Engagement Policy 
On 29 July 2021 the board of directors of Snam approved the Policy for managing dialogue with the 
Shareholders and other stakeholders to regulate the standard procedures for engagement, as well as the 
dialogue between the board of directors and Stakeholders on issues within the Board’s competence, in line 
with the recommendations of the New Corporate Governance Code, which the company has adopted, with the 
engagement policies adopted by institutional investors, proxy advisors and active managers, and with 
international best practices. 
 
Board of statutory auditors  
Under Italian law, the role of the board of statutory auditors is to oversee compliance with the law and with 
the By-laws, ensure the principles of correct administration are observed, monitor the adequacy of Snam’s 
organisational structure for matters within the scope of its authority, the adequacy of its internal control system 
and of its administrative and accounting system and the reliability of the administrative and accounting system 
in correctly representing Snam’s transactions, check the methods for specific implementation of the rules of 
corporate governance provided for by the codes of conduct drafted by regulated market management 
companies or by industry associations, which Snam publicly discloses that it upholds, and to review the 
adequacy of Snam’s instructions to subsidiaries pursuant to applicable law.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 provides that the board of statutory auditors also performs supervisory 
functions in its capacity as “Internal Control and Audit Committee”, overseeing in particular: 
the financial reporting process; 
the effectiveness of internal control, internal audit and, if applicable, risk management systems; 
the independent audit of annual financial statements and consolidated financial statements; and 
the independence of the independent auditors or audit company, specifically insofar as the provision of 
services other than auditing to the entity being audited is concerned. 
Current Members of the board of statutory auditors 
The board of statutory auditors consists of three statutory auditors and two alternate auditors. The auditors are 
appointed and their compensation is determined in a meeting of the shareholders. Auditors may be re-elected 
at the end of their term of office.  
The table below sets out the current members of the board of statutory auditors and their dates and places of 
birth. The current board of statutory auditors was appointed by the ordinary shareholders’ meeting on 27 April 
2022 for a three-year period and its mandate is due to expire on the date of the shareholders’ meeting called to 
approve the financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2024. 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of birth 
Stefano Gnocchi * 
Chairman 
Codogno (Lodi), 18 May 1974 
Gianfranco Chinellato 
Standing Statutory auditor 
Padua, 19 July 1951 
Ines Gandini 
Standing Statutory auditor 
Rome, 4 November 1968 
Federica Albizzati* 
Alternate Statutory auditor 
Varese, 22 October 1970 
Maria Gimigliano 
Federico Sambolinio 
Alternate Statutory auditor 
Alternate Statutory auditor 
Naples, 2 June 1976 
Genoa, 22 December 1975 
____________ 
*Drawn from the slate presented by the Institutional Investors, voted on by the minority of shareholders who 
attended the meeting. 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the board of statutory auditors is domiciled 
at Snam’s registered office at Piazza Santa Barbara 7, 20097 San Donato Milanese, Milan, Italy. 
Set out below is certain biographical information in relation to the current members of Snam’s board of 
statutory auditors and the principal activities performed by them outside Snam Group. 
Stefano Gnocchi 
He holds a degree in Economics, specialising in Finance and a master’s in Business and Knowledge Audit at 
the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore di Piacenza and Milano (Italy). 
Chartered accountant, Statutory Auditor, Certified Risk Management Assurance (CRMA), Certified 
Information System Auditor (CISA), Internal Audit Qualified External Assessor/Validator (QAR). 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of SNAM S.p.A. Italian listed group leading in transport, storage 
and regasification. Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Mutuionline S.p.A. Italian listed group 
leading retail credit broker. Member of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of the Risk Committee of 
Deutsche Bank, Standing Auditor of MTA S.p.A., a multinational automotive company.  
Member of Chartered Accountant Association commissions (Milan) and of Assirevi research committees. 
Member of the association AIIA, AIAF, ANDAF, IGS, NedCommunity.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Contract Professor at the Department of Economics and Business, University of Pavia (Italy) (2010 - 2017). 
Twenty years of professional experience in Big Four (Italy and US) and Mazars (Italy) within governance and 
internal controls, board evaluation, compliance, internal audit, risk management, fraud and investigation, 
financial audit, attestation of business plans, and assurance on management control systems and prospectus. 
Main Industries: automotive, oil, energy and utilities, food and mmr fashion, retail, e-commerce, insurance, 
banking, asset management and real estate. He has been chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Snam 
since 2 April 2019. 
Gianfranco Chinellato 
Born in Padua in 1951.  
Graduated in Business and Economics from “La Sapienza” University in Rome. 
Listed on the Register of Chartered Accountants and Auditors and on the Register of External Auditors. 
He is Professor of Tax Law at Università degli Studi della Tuscia, Viterbo and at Accademia della Guardia di 
Finanza (Tax and Financial Police Academy). He is the author of the essay “CODIFICAZIONE TRIBUTARIA 
E ABUSO DEL DIRITTO - Contributo allo studio degli strumenti di contrasto all’elusione fiscale” “TAX 
CODIFICATION AND ABUSE OF LAW - Contribution to the study of instruments to prevent tax avoidance”, 
CEDAM, Padua - 2007 in the Series “PROBLEMI ATTUALI DI DIRITTO TRIBUTARIO” (CURRENT TAX 
LAW PROBLEMS) edited by Franco Gallo. He is also the author of the entry “DIPORTO NAUTICO, 
DIRITTO TRIBUTARIO” (“YACHTING, TAX LAW”) in Enciclopedia Giuridica, Istituto della Enciclopedia 
Italiana Treccani, Rome - 2005, as well as of many articles and essays on tax and company matters in trade 
journals and dailies. 
Since 1978, he has worked across corporate and business management consultancy and support activities in 
Italy and around the world in the various industrial, hotel, hospital and services sectors, as well as tax 
consultancy, support, defence and representation for leading banks, public and private authorities, and large, 
medium-sized and small industrial, commercial and services enterprises, including securities firms and 
insurance companies. Among others, for the National Research Council (CNR), the General Vicariate for 
Vatican City, ADN Kronos Group, the Italian Association of Private Hospitals (A.I.O.P.) HUMANITAS 
Group, GIOMI S.p.A., GVM S.p.A., TRAFALGAR Ltd. Group, the Italian National Welfare and Assistance 
Fund for Chartered Accountants, the Italian National Fund for Engineers and the Italian National Welfare and 
Assistance Fund for Psychologists, Consorzio Costa Smeralda, Consorzio Porto Rotondo etc., 
UNIONCAMERE (National Association of Italian Chamber of Commerce) and the relevant Special Chamber 
Companies. 
Since 1978 he has held and still holds positions of chairman or effective auditor at listed and unlisted companies 
and, most recently, of chairman and member of the Supervisory Bodies of various corporations. 
Since 1996 he has been registered as an expert witness of the Court of Rome, by which he has been appointed 
to draft important valuation reports, including for ENEL S.p.A. (distribution branch, 1999), SERFI S.p.A. and 
SOFID S.p.A. (ENI Group, 1998). 
From 2010 to 2015 he was a party-appointed expert witness of Agenzia del Territorio (Land Italian Registry 
Office) now merged with the Agenzia delle Entrate (Revenue Italian Agency). 
Since 2020 Member of “Massimario” / Abstract Office of the Lazio Regional Tax Court.  
Since 2023 Member of Collegio dei Revisori dei Conti dell’“Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del 
Mercato”.  
He has been an Effective Statutory Auditor of Snam since 2 April 2019 and from August 2024 he is Chairman 
of the Board of Statutory Auditor of Next Ingegneria dei sistemi S.p.a.  and Sole Statutory Auditor of Donexit 
S.r.l. 
From September 2024 he is Chiarman of Board of Statutory Auditor of Defence Tech Holding S.p.A.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
Ines Gandini 
Born in Rome on 4 November 1968. 
She has been an effective auditor of Snam since 27 April 2022. 
She graduated with honours in Economics and Business from “La Sapienza” University of Rome. 
She is an accountant and auditor, and from May 2016 to April 2022 she carried out highly specialised 
professional activities in relation to tax law issues at the law firm Salvini e Soci - Studio Legale. 
From 2006 to 2008 she held the position of Revenue Advisor at SECIT, as well as Legal and Economic Advisor 
at the Cabinet of the Ministry of Economy, Finance Section. 
From 1997 to 2006 she carried out professional activities in relation to corporate and tax matters in the 
corporate, finance and insurance sector with a focus on transactions concerning corporate reorganisation, 
extraordinary finance, the issuance of listed and unlisted securities, project financing and securitisation, the 
incorporation of private equity funds, real estate funds, the drawing up of stock option plans at the law firm 
Chiomenti. 
She works in Corporate Governance and attended the course on Climate Change and Corporate Governance 
promoted by Chapter Zero Italy and approved by the Climate Governance Initiative, the post-graduate course 
in Governance, Risk and Compliance at the Luiss Business School - Board Academy and the ESG Analysis 
and Investing specialisation course on the integration of ESG issues in analyses and financial investments at 
the Polytechnic University of Milan. 
She is a member of the Board of Directors of Nedcommunity as well as the Head of the Rome Chapter of 
Nedcommunity. 
She is an Independent Director of Italo – Nuovo Trasporto Viaggatori S.p.A., Fideuram Vita S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Intesa Sanpaolo, Fondo Italiano d’Investimento SGR. She is a member of the Board of Auditors and the 
Supervisory Body of the Fondazione Leonardo Civiltà delle Macchine and a member of the Board of Auditors 
of Fondazione La Biennale di Venezia; Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Acea Produzione SpA,  
Standing Auditor of Leonardo Global Solutions SpA, Nexive Network S.r.l. – Gruppo Poste Italiane and 
Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A., Gruppo Cassa Depositi and Prestiti. She is a member of the Single 
Compliance/Control Body of Fondazione Milano Cortina 2026. 
Federica Albizzati 
Born in Varese on 22 October 1970. 
 
Degree in Economics from the Bocconi University of Milan 110/110. 
Certified Public Accountant and Auditor since 2001. 
 
Enrolled in the register of Certified Public Accountants and in the Register of Auditors since 2001. 
 
Senior Tax Consultant of Counsel at CARAVATI PAGANI – Dottori Commercialisti Associati. 
 
Areas of professional expertise: Tax and Corporate Consulting, Extraordinary Transactions, Corporate Groups, 
Holding, Contracts. 
 
Statutory and Independent Auditor in major Italian companies. She has been an Alternate Statutory Auditor of 
Snam since 2 April 2019. 
 
Maria Gimigliano 
Born in Naples on 2 June 1976.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
Graduated from Bocconi University, Milan in Business Economics. 
She is a member of the Board of Auditors of the Luigi Bocconi University. 
Effective auditor of Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas S.p.A., Renovit Business Solutions S.r.l., Asset Company 2 
S.r.l., Renovit Public Solutions S.p.A., Renovit Building Solutions S.p.A., B4i Fund SIS S.p.A., Surfaces 
Technological Abrasives S.p.A., Centotrenta Servicing S.p.A., ed Ennefin S.p.A. 
From July 2006 to January 2024 she held the position of Director of Wepartner S.p.A. 
Registered on the Italian Legal Registry Auditor. She has been an Alternate Statutory Auditor of Snam since 
27 April 2016. 
Federico Sambolino 
Born in Genoa on 22 December 1975. 
He has been an Alternate auditor of Snam since 27 April 2022. 
He graduated in Business and Economics from the Cattolica University of Milan. 
He is a Member of Chartered Accountants and Auditors of Milan and of the Registered Auditors, he is a 
Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (ICAEW). 
Since 2019, he has been a Partner at the law firm CT&P, a nationally and internationally leading corporate and 
tax consultancy firm based in Milan.   
Conflicts of Interest 
As far as Snam is aware, the members of the board of statutory auditors do not have any conflicts of interest 
between any duties to Snam and their private interests or other duties outside Snam Group.  
Managers with strategic responsibilities 
The table below sets out the names, dates and places of birth of the managers of Snam which have been 
identified as managers with strategic responsibilities (“dirigenti con responsabilità strategiche”) pursuant to 
article 65, paragraph 1-quater of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended) as of 1 November 2019: 
 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of birth 
Cristian Acquistapace 
Chief Efficiency & Biomethane Officer 
Morbegno (SO) 8 March 
1973 
Umberto Baldi 
Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel 
Rome, 4 June 1972 
Massimo Derchi 
Chief Operations Officer 
Genoa, 30 March 1963 
Claudio Farina 
Chief Strategy & Technology Officer 
Alessandria 
26 
October 
1975 
Gaetano Mazzitelli 
Chief Commercial & Regulatory Officer 
Reggio Calabria 25 May 
1968 
Sergio Molisani 
Chief International Asset Management & 
Business Development 
Pescara, 18 January 1972 
Luca Passa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Roma, 5 December 1973 
Fabrizio Rutschmann 
Chief People & Corporate Services Officer 
Milano, 30th October 1962

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each manager is domiciled at Snam’s registered office at 
Piazza Santa Barbara 7, 20097 San Donato Milanese, Milan, Italy. 
Set out below is certain biographical information in relation to the above-mentioned managers and the principal 
activities performed by them outside Snam Group. 
Snam’s managers with strategic responsibilities that, in accordance with article 65, paragraph 1-quater of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999 (as amended), are persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, are identified from time to 
time by the CEO on the basis of the organisational structure of the Issuer. 
Cristian Acquistapace 
Cristian Acquistapace, born in Morbegno (SO) in 1975, has been Chief Efficiency and Biomethane Officer of 
Snam since February 2021. 
After graduating in Electrical Engineering at the Milan Polytechnic, he began his career in Sondel (Falck 
Group) being involved in the first steps of the energy market liberalisation in Italy. 
In 2005 he joined the E.ON group in the role of Marketing Director, where he later took on the position of 
Sales and Marketing Director. 
Over the years he has held roles of increasing responsibility, driving change and promoting the enrichment 
and diversification of E.ON Italia’s activities and services, first as Head of Energy efficiency and lastly 
finalizing the acquisition and integration of the ESCO Casa delle Nuove Energie. 
In early 2016, he was appointed Managing Director of E.ON Energia and member of E.ON Italy Board as 
Chief Sales Officer. 
Having worked at Snam since October 2018, today he is also Managing Director of Renovit. 
Umberto Baldi 
Umberto Baldi, born in Rome in 1972, is Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel of Snam since June 2021. 
He holds a JD equivalent from La Sapienza University of Rome and a LL.M. from Columbia University School 
of Law of New York. Umberto has extensive experience in international corporate, financial and regulatory 
matters, structuring and executing corporate and financial transactions and designing compliance policies and 
procedures. 
From 2019 until he joined Snam, he served as Group General Counsel of Luxottica and Co-Secretary of the 
Board of EssilorLuxottica in Paris. 
Previously, he worked as General Counsel and Secretary of the Board of Directors of Fincantieri, partner of 
Tonucci & Partners, General Counsel of Noonday Asset Management, associate of Sullivan & Cromwell and 
secondee at Goldman Sachs International. 
Umberto is admitted to the Bar in New York and Rome. 
Massimo Derchi  
 
Massimo Derchi has led the Italian Assets Business Unit of Snam since January 2018. 
 
He has also been chief executive officer of Snam Rete Gas since April 2022. With a degree in Engineering at 
the University of Genova in 1986, he held various positions (from Investment Development Management to 
M&A, Purchases and Strategic Planning) in Italian and foreign companies in the energy sector.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
He has been chairman of Snam Rete Gas from 2017 to 2022. 
 
From 1986 to 1996 he has been Project Manager and Head of Foreign Projects in a subsidiary of the ERG 
group. During the following three years he has been Head of Projects in Air Liquide Italia, carrying out, 
amongst other things, the construction of two of the biggest plants for oxygen production in the world. 
 
From 1999 to 2004 he has been in charge of Italian subsidiaries of European and US engineering companies 
(water cooling system, flue gas treatment, etc.). Again in Erg, from 2005 to 2011 he held various senior 
management positions in refining (Head of Acquisitions, Organization, Planning and Control and, then, Head 
of Refining).  
 
From 2011 to 2016, as CEO of Erg Renew, he has led the transformation of the company from petroleum 
refiner in one of the top ten European onshore wind energy producers, and the most important in Italy, planning 
and managing the company’s expansion in seven European countries also through acquisitions (Erg Renew 
has been awarded by Bloomberg as “#1 Worldwide Acquirer” in Clean Energy). He has also been Senior 
Advisor of Italian and international energy companies. 
 
Claudio Farina 
 
Claudio Farina, born in 1975 and in Snam since 2017, is Chief Strategy & Technology Officer with 
responsibility for overseeing the definition and implementation of the company's strategy, for defining and 
promoting the digital transformation program through innovative digital and technological solutions, for 
leading the roadmap of development implementation and the management of ICT, for overseeing the definition 
of the sustainability model, the ESG strategy and the decarbonisation objectives. He is also Executive Vice 
President Technology and Industrial Innovation and Board member of several Group companies. 
 
Previously, he held the role of Executive Vice President Digital Transformation & Technology with 
responsibility for leading ICT, technologies and digital transformation, Head of the CEO Office, leading cross-
functional projects in the operational improvement area, scale up of new business and support to the Chief 
Executive Officer, and Senior Vice President of Planning and Control BU Asset Italia. Before joining Snam, 
he spent over 9 years in Vodafone Italia, where he took on roles including Head of Financial Planning and 
Analysis and Business Intelligence, and Head of Strategy, guiding strategic projects such as the 4G frequencies 
auction, investments for the reduction of the digital divide, fiber strategy, M&A, and strategic partnerships. 
Prior, from 2000 to 2008, he held various roles in The Boston Consulting Group, becoming Principal and 
acquiring multisectoral experience in Infrastructure, Energy, Public Transport, Telecommunications and IT, 
and with 25 projects, including Strategic Plans, extraordinary finance operations and Infrastructure 
Development Strategy. 
 
In 1999 he was Researcher on industrial policy issues in support of technological innovation, at the German 
Institute 
of 
Economic 
Research 
in 
Berlin. 
 
He is specialized in Industrial Economy and holds a degree in Economic Policy from the Università Cattolica 
of Milan. He subsequently earned a postgraduate master's degree in Economics from Bocconi University. 
 
Passionate about the seed funding of start-ups, he is also an alumnus of the Aspen Institute, having been a 
Junior Fellow from 2008 to 2010, and a member of the Technological Innovation and Digital Transformation 
Board of the Municipality of Milan. 
 
Gaetano Mazzitelli 
 
Gaetano Mazzitelli, born in Reggio Calabria in 1968, has been Chief Commercial & Regulatory Officer of 
Snam since February 2021.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
A graduate in Mechanical Engineering at the Politecnico di Milano, he also achieved a Master on Business for 
Energy and environment at the Eni School for higher studies "Enrico Mattei". 
 
He began his career in Snam in 1995 and in 2000 he was appointed as Project Evaluation Manager. He took 
part to different national and international acquisition projects as well as to the unbundling of transmission and 
re-gasification activities. 
 
In 2001 he was appointed as Manager for Project Evaluation and Tariffs at Snam Rete Gas, with responsibility 
for investment planning and defining tariff proposals related to regulated services. In this context, he took part 
in the IPO of the company, assessing in particular the areas of value generation in the new regulatory 
framework. 
 
In 2006 he was appointed as Business Development Manager at Snam Rete Gas, in charge for ensuring the 
definition of tariffs and network code proposals, the gas demand forecast as well as the monitoring of market 
and regulation in order to identify development opportunities. In this context, he contributed to the Stogit and 
Italgas acquisition project and to their subsequent integration. 
 
In 2010 he took charge of the Regulation and in 2011 he was appointed as Executive Vice President of 
Regulatory Affairs of Snam. 
 
Since March 2017 he has been Chair of the Shareholder Meeting of PRISMA European Capacity Platform 
GmbH. 
 
He has also a long experience in the activities of Associative Bodies in the natural gas sector. Currently he is 
member of the Board of ENTSOG, Gas Infrastructure Europe (GIE) and Gas Storage Europe (GSE), the 
European Gas Infrastructure Operator associations, and executive member of the Board of Directors in 
ANIGAS as well as in the Comitato Tecnico Energia of Confindustria. 
 
Sergio Molisani 
 
Sergio Molisani, born in Pescara in 1972, has been Chief International Assets Officer of Snam since December 
2022, with responsibility for supervising the definition of strategies, guidelines and objectives relating to 
Snam's international presence, guaranteeing the achievement of industrial, economic and financial objectives 
of the area through the management of the existing assets abroad and the development of new business 
opportunities. 
  
After a degree in business administration, a master’s in international finance and 13-years in Investment 
Banking in Italy and the UK with a focus on Energy, Utility and Infrastructure sectors, Sergio joined Snam in 
early 2012 at the time of the spin-off from Eni as Head of Capital markets, Financial Planning, Credit Rating 
and Risk Management. 
  
Thereafter Sergio plays a pivotal role in the build-up of Snam’s new Finance department, the refinancing of 
debt towards Eni and the achievement of Snam’s financial independence, the optimisation of Group’s financial 
structure, with a growing focus on sustainable finance. From 2016 to 2023, Sergio has served as Finance, 
Insurance and Tax Director. 
  
In the last few years Sergio takes over new roles of growing responsibility, with an increasing exposure to 
business activities and the international dimension of the Group. 
  
Sergio acts as Snam’s representative in the Board of Directors of Group’s main assets. 
 
Luca Passa

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
He has been CFO at Snam since January 2023. Since June 2024 he has also been the Officer responsible for 
the preparation of financial reports. 
  
From 2018 to 2022, he worked in Madrid at Endesa (Enel Group) as CFI and Head of Administration, Finance 
and Control for Iberia. Prior to that, from 2015 to 2018, he was the Head of Group Investor Relations at Enel. 
  
Luca has an extensive international financial background; he started his career in London in 1998 at Cantor 
Fitzgerard and moved later to Lehman Brothers as Senior Associate. He then joined Morgan Stanley as 
Managing Director where from 2003 to 2014 he covered positions with increased responsibilities between 
London and Milan. 
  
In 2014 Luca landed at Fincantieri as Vice President, Head of Investor Relations and Special Projects with a 
focus on M&A projects overseas to contribute and support the company’s listing. 
  
Luca achieved a University Degree in Business Administration at Luigi Bocconi University in 1997, followed 
by an Executive Education Programme at INSEAD, in Paris in 2014. 
 
Fabrizio Rutschmann 
 
Fabrizio Rutschmann is Chief People & Corporate Services Officer of Snam, a manager with strategic 
responsibilities reporting directly to CEO Stefano Venier, since April 2024. 
  
With a degree in Business Administration from Ca’ Foscari University of Venice and a specialisation from 
SDA Bocconi University in Milan, Rutschmann has built a wealth of experience in human resources across 
major industrial companies in Italy and abroad. 
  
Fabrizio started his professional career at the Electrolux Group, before taking on increasing responsibilities at 
Unicredit, Tim, and Pirelli, where he was Chief HR&O Officer from 2006 to 2010. 
  
Before joining Snam, Rutschmann served as the Chief Human Resources & Organization Officer at Prysmian 
Group, where he led two significant post-merger integration processes and also served for over 10 years as 
Secretary to the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. He is still a member of the Board of Directors of 
Oman Cables Industries (OCI), a company listed in Muscat, Oman, where he was Chairman of the Strategy 
Committee and where he is a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
 
Independent Auditors 
On proposal of the board of statutory auditors, the shareholders’ meeting of Snam of 23 October 2019 
conferred the appointment for the period relating to the financial years ending on 31 December from 2020 to 
2028, on the independent auditing firm Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
The same shareholders’ meeting, upon proposal of the board of statutory auditors, resolved to terminate by 
mutual consent, the appointment as external auditor conferred on the independent auditing firm 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.  
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. has audited the consolidated financial statements of Snam S.p.A. and its subsidiaries 
as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and reviewed the half year consolidated 
financial statements of Snam and its subsidiaries as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 and 
30 June 2024, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). Deloitte & Touche is 
authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
The registered office of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is Via Santa Sofia, 28, Milan, 20122, Italy.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND LEGISLATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
 
“ACER” means the Agency for the Co-operation of Energy Regulators. 
“ARERA” means the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and Environment (Autorità di 
regolazione per energia reti e ambiente).  
“ARERA 2020 Report” means the ARERA’s 2020 Annual Report on Services and Activities (Relazione 
annuale sullo stato dei servizi e sull’attività svolta) dated 17 September 2020.   
“AGCM” means the Antitrust Authority (Autorità Garante della Concorrenza e del Mercato). 
“CDP” means Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. 
“CDP RETI” means CDP RETI S.p.A. 
“Code of Corporate Governance” means the self-regulatory code of corporate governance for listed 
companies approved by the Corporate Governance Committee of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as amended from 
time to time. 
 
“CONSOB” (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa - Italian Companies and Exchange 
Commission) is the government authority of Italy responsible for regulating the Italian securities market. This 
includes the regulation of the Italian stock exchange (i.e. Borsa Italiana). 
“Consolidated Unbundling Act” means collectively the Integrated Code together with Resolution 11/07, as 
amended from time to time. 
“Decree 93/2011” means the Legislative Decree No. 93 dated 1 June 2011 (Mercato interno dell’energia 
elettrica, del gas naturale). 
“ENTSOG” means the European Network of Transmission System of Gas. 
“EPRG” means European Pipeline Research Group. 
“First Gas Directive” means the Directive 98/30/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 
June 1998, concerning common rules for the transportation, distribution, supply and storage of natural gas. 
“GERG” means Groupe Europeen de Recherches Gazieres. 
“GME” means Gestore dei Mercati Energetici S.p.A. 
“HHV” means the higher heating value. 
“Independent Operator” means a person to be appointed by companies subject to unbundling rules in order 
to manage and supervise the compliance of the company with the unbundling rules. 
“Integrated Code” means ARERA Resolution No. 11/2007 of 18 January 2007 and its annexes. 
“J” means Joule, the unit of measurement of energy, with multiples measured in Giga Joules (1 GJ = 1 billion 
J) and Mega Joules (1MJ = 1 million Joules). 
“Law 27/2012” means the Law No. 27 dated 24 March 2012 (Disposizioni urgenti per la concorrenza, lo 
sviluppo delle infrastrutture e la competitività). 
“Law 481/95” means the Law No. 481 dated 14 November 1995 (Norme per la concorrenza e la regolazione 
dei servizi di pubblica utilità. Istituzione delle Autorità di regolazione dei servizi di pubblica utilità).

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
“Letta Decree” means the Legislative Decree No. 164 dated 23 May 2000 (Norme comuni per il mercato 
interno del gas naturale). 
“LNG” means liquefied natural gas. 
“LNG chain” (Filiera del GNL) means the process for the extraction of natural gas from the fields, its 
liquefaction for transport by ship and subsequent regasification for use by the users. 
“Marzano Law” means the Law No. 239 dated 23 August 2004 (Riordino del settore energetico, nonché 
delega al Governo per il riassetto delle disposizioni vigenti in materia di energia). 
“May Decree” means Presidential Decree issued on 25 May 2012 regarding the ownership unbundling of 
Snam from ENI. 
“MED” means the Italian Ministry of Economic Development (Ministero dello Sviluppo Economico).  
“MEF” means the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze). 
“Network Code” means the document governing the rights and obligations of the parties involved in providing 
the transportation service. 
“NRA” means the National Regulatory Authority. 
“RAB” means the regulated assets of Snam Group the value of which is determined by reference to the net 
capital invested in assets (capitale investito netto) as calculated by reference to applicable ARERA Regulations 
and on the basis of which gas transportation, storage, re-gasification, distribution tariffs are determined by 
ARERA. 
“Resolution 11/07” means the ARERA Resolution No. 11/07 of 18 January 2007 which listed specific 
obligations for functional unbundling. 
“Resolution 132/08” means the Resolution ARG/com No. 132/08, of 26 September 2008 which sets out 
guidelines that describes the compliance requirements, the compliance deadlines ruling unbundling and 
clarifies the requirements of a compliance program to be drafted by each Independent Operator. 
“Scm” means the standard cubic metres (gas volumes). 
“Second Gas Directive” means the Directive 2003/55/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2003 concerning the internal market of natural gas. 
“Shipper” or “Shippers” means users of the gas system. Shippers purchase natural gas from producers, 
importers or other Shippers and sell it to other Shippers or to final users, including electrical production 
facilities and industrial plants, which are typically directly connected to the transportation system, or to 
residential and commercial consumers, which are connected to a regional distribution network. Shippers use 
transportation, dispatching, LNG regasification and storage services. The term “Shipper” is used in this Base 
Prospectus to mean both a user of the gas system in a general sense or a user of one or more of the specific 
services within the gas system. 
“Sm3” means a standard unit of gas, equal to pressure at 1,01325 bar (standard atmospheric pressure) and 
15°C. 
“Storage Thermal Year” means the period of time into which the regulatory period for storage is subdivided 
by the ARERA, which runs from 1 April to 31 March of the following year. 
“Thermal Year” means the period of time into which the regulatory period for transportation, dispatching and 
LNG regasification is subdivided by the ARERA, which runs from 1 October to 30 September of the following 
year.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
“Third Energy Package” means the set of European Regulations and Directives concerning the internal 
energy market and providing measures aimed at redefining the structure of the industry and promoting the 
integration of individual national energy markets. 
“Third Gas Directive” means the Directive 2009/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 
July 2009 concerning common rules for the internal market in natural gas. 
“Toe” means the energy value of a ton of oil. 1 billion m3 of natural gas is equal to 0.825 million toe. 1 
million toe = 1.212 billion m3 of natural gas. 
 
“TSO” or “Transmission System Operator” means the entity entrusted with transporting energy in the form 
of natural gas or electrical power on a national or regional level, using fixed infrastructure. The term is defined 
by the European Commission. 
 
“TYNDP” means the Ten-Year Network Development Plan. 
“Unbundling Regulation” means the rules set out by the Second Gas Directive on unbundling and 
transparency of accounts and the corporate, functional and organisational unbundling of operators of gas 
transmission and distribution systems in vertically integrated groups.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
REGULATORY AND LEGISLATIVE FRAMEWORK 
The liberalisation process of the energy market launched in Europe has been phased in over a decade with the 
adoption of three legislative packages, which have gradually been incorporated into the legislation of the EU 
Member States. The natural gas industry has been – and still is – subject to significant regulation both at EU 
and national levels. 
1. 
The First Gas Directive 
Directive 98/30/EC (“First Gas Directive”) defined common rules for the transportation, distribution, supply 
and storage of natural gas. 
The First Gas Directive was implemented in Italy in May 2000 through the Legislative Decree No. 164/2000 
(known as the “Letta Decree”) which identifies and defines the sectors making up the natural gas market 
(import, production, transportation, dispatching, storage, LNG regasification, distribution and sales) and sets 
out the regulatory principles with regard to liberalisation, unbundling, network access and transparency. 
The Letta Decree provides measures regarding: 
• the regulation of the transportation, storage, regasification and distribution activities, with the guarantee of 
non-discriminatory access to infrastructures at regulated rates; and 
• the gradual opening of the market to customers (with the definition of eligibility criteria for end-users). 
The Letta Decree assigns certain roles and responsibilities to the MED and the ARERA. 
The MED is responsible for defining strategic guidelines for the gas sector and ensuring its safety and 
economic development. The ARERA, an independent regulatory body, is responsible for the regulation of the 
national electricity and natural gas markets. Its responsibilities include the definition of criteria for determining 
and updating tariffs and for governing access to infrastructure, as well as the provision of services related to 
the transportation, distribution, storage and regasification of LNG. 
2. 
The Second Gas Directive 
In 2003, Directive 2003/55/EC (“Second Gas Directive”) – the second directive on the internal market for 
natural gas – was issued repealing the First Gas Directive. In Italy, Law No. 239/2004 (“Reform of the energy 
sector and delegation to the Government for the reorganisation of the existing provisions relating to energy”, 
known as the “Marzano Law”) implemented some of the provisions of the Second Gas Directive which 
included the following: 
• incentives for new supplying infrastructure; 
• natural gas transportation and dispatching activities, as areas of public interest, are subject to the relevant 
obligations provided by European and national regulation; 
• exploration, production, underground storage of hydrocarbons and the distribution of natural gas are to be 
allocated under a concession regime (Article 1, Paragraph 69, of Marzano Law provided that the expiry 
date of distribution concessions awarded without a public tender which were active as of 21 June 2000, is 
postponed to 31 December 2007); and 
• the MED may, once it has obtained the favourable opinion of the ARERA, grant exemptions from rules 
that provide for third party access rights (“TPA”) to the network “in favour of persons who invest in the 
construction of new infrastructure for the interconnection of national gas transportation systems in EU 
member states with the Italian transportation system, in the construction of new regasification terminals 
and new underground storage for natural gas in Italy, or in significant developments in the capacity of 
such infrastructure”. The exemption is for a period of at least 20 years and for a quota equal to at least 80% 
of new capacity.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
3. 
The Third Energy Package – The Third Gas Directive 
In July 2009, the “Third Energy Package” was approved in the EU with a view to completing the internal 
energy market and providing a series of measures aimed at redefining the structure of the industry and 
promoting the integration of individual national energy markets. 
Among other items, with specific regard to unbundling, Directive 2009/73/EC (“Third Gas Directive”), 
comprised in the Third Energy Package, provides that Member States shall implement measures to ensure the 
“effective separation” of energy networks from the production and supply activities. 
In particular, the Third Energy Package provides for the separation of supply and production activities from 
transportation network operations. To achieve this goal, Member States may opt between the following three 
unbundling options: 
• Full ownership unbundling. This option entails vertically integrated undertakings selling their gas and 
electricity grids to an independent operator, which will carry out all network operations. 
• Independent System Operator (“ISO”). Under this option, vertically integrated undertakings maintain the 
ownership of the gas and electricity grids, but they are obliged to designate an independent operator for the 
management of all network operations. 
• Independent Transmission Operator (“ITO”). This option is a variant of the ISO option albeit vertically 
integrated undertakings do not have to designate an ISO, but need to abide by strict rules ensuring separation 
between supply and transportation. 
The Third Energy Package also contains several measures aimed at enhancing consumers’ rights, such as the 
right: (i) to change supplier within three weeks and free of charge and to receive the final closure account at 
the latest six weeks after switching suppliers; (ii) to obtain compensation if quality targets are not met; (iii) to 
receive information on supply terms through bills and company websites; and (iv) to see complaints dealt with 
in an efficient and independent manner. The Third Energy Package also strengthens protection for small 
businesses and residential clients, while rules are introduced to ensure that liberalisation does not cause 
detriment to vulnerable energy consumers. Finally, the Third Energy Package, under EC Regulation 713/2009 
and EC Regulation 715/2009 respectively, provides for the creation of the Agency for the Co-operation of 
Energy Regulators (“ACER”) and of the European Network of Transmission Systems of Gas (“ENTSOG”), 
in order to promote the creation of the internal gas market. In the coming years, these bodies will have the task 
of promoting the co-ordinated development of networks – through the predisposition of a non-binding Ten-
Year Network Development Plan (“TYNDP”) every two years – and creating regulations for access and 
service delivery, harmonised throughout the whole of Europe via the adoption of common European network 
codes. 
The Third Gas Directive was implemented in Italy with Legislative Decree No. 93/2011 on the “National 
natural gas and electricity market” (Mercato interno dell’energia elettrica e del gas naturale) (the “Decree 
93/2011”), which impacts on all business sectors of the Issuer and, in terms of unbundling, envisages that the 
main Italian gas transportation company shall (i) comply with the ITO model as well as (ii) be certified by the 
NRA and, consequently, approved and designated as a Transmission System Operator (TSO) by the MED. 
The ITO model implied the obligation for the TSO to be autonomous as well as fully and effectively 
independent from ENI which represented the Vertical Integrated Undertaking (VIU). 
The other main provisions of Legislative Decree 93/2011 include: 
(i) 
integration of renewable energy sources generation into the electrical system more efficiently; 
(ii) 
with regard to the exemption from TPA obligation in respect of new interconnection 
infrastructure originally granted by the Marzano Law, implementing the Second Gas 
Directive, the scope of such exemption has been changed as it now provides that exemption is 
granted by MED, with the prior opinion of the ARERA, for a period established on a case by

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
case basis (with a maximum cap of 25 years) and for a quota which is also decided on a case 
by case basis. 
Pursuant to the May Decree, the Italian legislator opted for the full ownership unbundling regime. See “Italian 
Unbundling Legislation” below.  
4. 
Italian Unbundling Legislation 
The Second Gas Directive confirmed the rules on unbundling and transparency of accounts set out in the First 
Gas Directive, provided also for the corporate, functional and organisational unbundling of operators of gas 
transportation systems in vertically integrated groups. Besides the above-mentioned provisions set forth in the 
Marzano Law, the provisions of the Second Gas Directive regarding functional unbundling were implemented 
in Italy by ARERA Resolution No. 11/2007 of 18 January 2007 (“Resolution 11/2007”), and its annexes (the 
“Integrated Code”, together with Resolution No. 11/2007, as amended from time to time, the “Consolidated 
Unbundling Act”), which listed specific obligations for functional unbundling. 
In particular, the Consolidated Unbundling Act requires vertically integrated companies to provide for 
functional unbundling. Vertically integrated companies in the gas sector are defined as companies that provide 
at least one of the following services: transportation, distribution, LNG or storage, together with activities for 
the production or supply of natural gas. Functional unbundling was defined as the separation of said activities 
with regard to organisation, decision and managerial powers. Legislative Decree No. 73 of 18 June 2007 
(“Decree 73/2007”), converted into Law No. 125 of 3 August 2007, requires that the ARERA: (i) adopts 
specific provisions for the functional unbundling, also in relation to the storage of gas, in compliance with the 
Second Gas Directive provisions, and (ii) regulates performance of certain distribution companies’ obligations. 
Pursuant to the Consolidated Unbundling Act, functional unbundling is achieved if independent decision-
making and organisational powers are granted to each of the gas transportation, dispatching, LNG 
regasification, storage and distribution businesses, in order to separate them from any other gas business. 
As a consequence, companies operating, inter alia, in the gas sectors and carrying out at least one of the 
following activities: (a) storage of natural gas; (b) regasification of LNG; (c) transportation of natural gas; (d) 
dispatching of natural gas; (e) distribution of natural gas; and (f) metering of natural gas, are subject to the 
unbundling regulations to be implemented through an independent operator (i.e. a person to be appointed by 
companies subject to unbundling rules in order to manage and supervise the compliance of the company with 
the unbundling rules) (the “Independent Operator”). 
The Independent Operator must comply with a series of requisites established by the Consolidated Unbundling 
Act. Its fundamental obligation is to ensure that the activities entrusted to it are managed efficiently, 
economically, neutrally and in a non-discriminatory manner. For this purpose, the Independent Operator is 
obliged to carry out a series of administrative duties in line with the guidelines specifically set out by the 
ARERA in Resolution ARG/com No. 132/2008, published on 26 September 2008 (“Resolution 132/2008”). 
By Resolution No. 132/08, the ARERA published guidelines that: (i) describe the compliance requirements 
and the compliance deadlines ruling unbundling and (ii) clarify the requirements of a compliance program to 
be drafted by each Independent Operator (the “Guidelines”). 
Pursuant to the Consolidated Unbundling Act, the Independent Operator of companies carrying out natural gas 
transportation, dispatching or distribution activities must be composed of all members of the board of directors 
and its senior managers. 
However, ARERA Resolution No. 253/07 of 4 October 2007 (“Resolution No. 253/07”) partially departs from 
this principle by providing that not all directors of each company subject to unbundling obligations are required 
to be members of the Independent Operator, as long as: 
• the corporate purpose of the relevant company, as set out in its by-laws, includes the promotion of 
competition, efficiency and adequate quality standards of service;

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
• the directors of the relevant company who do not meet the independence requirements set forth by the 
ARERA resolutions have no operational and/or decision-making power in relation to sales activities; and 
• a managing director or an executive committee is vested with a specific role within the Independent 
Operator of the company, who or which provides binding opinions in respect of (i) all decisions of the 
board of directors that concern the management and organisation of the unbundled business, (ii) approval 
of its development plan (an “Independent Structure”). 
• On 20 April 2010, the ARERA amended the Consolidated Unbundling Act through Resolution No. 57/10, 
which essentially envisages that the activities of natural gas storage, regasification, transportation, dispatch, 
distribution and metering may be managed also jointly, and are therefore not subject to functional 
unbundling obligations. 
Furthermore, Decree 93/2011, introduced new provisions on the separation of operators of natural gas 
transportation systems from the other activities in the gas supply chain. Decree 93/2011 provides that the major 
transportation company shall comply with the rules governing ITO and (i) confirms the system of 
organisational and functional unbundling of distribution activities, as already provided by the Second Gas 
Directive; (ii) enforces the organisational unbundling of the transportation network from the ownership 
structure in the cases where the transportation network has adopted the ISO model (designed for minor 
transportation companies); and (iii) confirms, with regard to regasification, the principle of accounting and 
administrative unbundling of LNG activities from the other activities of the gas supply chain and identifies the 
duties of the manager of the LNG system. 
Subsequently, Law Decree No. 1/2012, which was converted into Law 27/2012 on 24 March 2012, and the 
May Decree provided that ENI had to sell some of its shares in the shortest timeframe compatible with market 
conditions and no later than 18 months after Law 27/2012 came into force (i.e. September 2013). The May 
Decree contains a series of guidelines regarding the sale including that at least 25.1% of its shares will be 
purchased by the Italian state financing agency Cassa Depositi e Prestiti S.p.A. (“CDP”) and that the remaining 
shares will subsequently be sold into the market by transparent and non-discriminatory means. 
The May Decree also contains guidance regarding corporate governance of the Issuer following the sale of 
shares to CDP and provides that no person who is a member of the governing body, the board of statutory 
auditors or senior management of ENI or its subsidiaries shall also hold a position in the governing body, the 
board of statutory auditors or senior management of the Issuer or its subsidiaries.  
In line with the Third Energy Package, with the May Decree the Italian legislator created a much stricter regime 
of ownership unbundling (“OU”) in Italy than the one which was implemented previously under the Third 
Energy Package, by making the OU model compulsory for all regulated activities (transmission, distribution, 
storage and regasification of natural gas) and by requiring the vertically integrated undertaking (ENI) to sell 
its entire stake in Snam. 
THE ITALIAN “NATIONAL ENERGY STRATEGY” (STRATEGIA ENERGETICA NAZIONALE – 
SEN) 
The “National Energy Strategy” (“Strategia energetica nazionale - SEN”) is the ten-year plan that the Italian 
Government drew up to anticipate and manage the change of the national energy system: a document looking 
beyond 2030, and laying the groundwork for building an advanced and innovative energy model. 
Italy’s National Energy Strategy lays down the actions to be achieved by 2030, in accordance with the long-
term scenario drawn up in the “EU Energy Roadmap 2050”, which provides for a reduction of emissions by at 
least 80% taking into account the levels calculated in 1990. 
In particular, the objective of the National Energy Strategy is to make the national energy system:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
• more competitive, by aligning Italian energy prices with European ones to the benefit of both companies 
and consumers, opening up new markets to innovative companies, creating new employment opportunities 
and fostering research and development; 
• more sustainable, by contributing to decarbonisation, in line with the long-term targets of the “Paris 
Agreement on Climate Change”, improving energy efficiency and encouraging energy conservation to 
mitigate environmental and climate impacts, promoting environmentally conscious lifestyles - from 
sustainable mobility to wise energy usage - and confirming Italy’s environmental leadership role; 
• more secure, by improving the security of energy supply, while ensuring its flexibility and strengthening 
Italy’s energy independence. 
The National Energy Strategy reports that gas will continue to play a key role in the energy transition and 
decarbonisation processes and promotes, amongst other things, the construction of new gas imports pipelines, 
in order to diversify supply sources and routes, and the methanisation of the Sardinia Region. 
POTENTIAL DEVELOPMENT IN RESPECT TO HYDROGEN AND OTHER LOW CARBON GAS 
STRATEGY 
On 8 July 2020 the European Commission adopted a new hydrogen strategy with the communication 'A 
hydrogen strategy for a climate-neutral Europe'. 
The aim of the strategy is therefore to create an enabling environment to scale up renewable hydrogen supply 
and demand for a climate-neutral economy. To do so the strategy outlines a number of key actions and presents 
three strategic phases in the timeline up to 2050. The three phases run from first 2020-2024, second phase 
2025-2030 and final phase 2030-2050. In this respect it will be crucial for Snam to develop an H2 strategy 
coherent with the upcoming legislative and regulatory packages which will be adopted by European and 
National Institutions so that its infrastructure continue to be fully utilised also in the long term. 
Concerning the adoption of the “Hydrogen and Decarbonised Gas Market Package”, the latter has been adopted 
at European level and published on 21 May 2024. This package includes a regulation and a directive thus 
revising some sections of the Third Energy Package by establishing common internal market rules for 
renewable and natural gases and hydrogen. In particular, the regulation will become directly applicable six 
months after its publication on the Official Journal of the EU, and as regards the directive, Member States will 
have a period of two years to adapt their national legislation to its provisions. Snam expect this package to 
support and boost the transition towards a decarbonised energy system giving a central role to gas infrastructure 
and to the development of new energy vectors, hydrogen in primis, in line with the Issuer’s strategy.  
As regards specifically the Italian regulatory context, with the consultation document 39/2020/R/Gas on 
innovation, published on 12 February 2020, the Authority confirms its interest in renewable and low carbon 
gasses, and in exploring the role of gas infrastructure (in particular transmission and distribution grids) to 
deliver an efficient energy transition. The consultation document illustrates ARERA general criteria and main 
guidelines proposals concerning the promotion of pilot projects aimed at experimenting new solutions for 
optimised management and innovative utilisation of existing transmission and distribution infrastructure.  
PRINCIPAL LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER’S REGULATED BUSINESS AREAS 
As described above, the gas market in Italy is controlled and monitored by the ARERA which was established 
by Law No. 481/1995 (Law 481/95). The main tasks of the ARERA, as set out in Law 481/95, are to guarantee 
the promotion of competition and efficiency while ensuring adequate service quality standards in the electricity 
and gas sectors. These goals are achieved by ensuring a uniform availability and distribution of services 
throughout the country, by establishing a transparent and reliable tariff system based on pre-defined criteria 
and by promoting the interests of users and consumers, taking into account specific European legislation in 
such sector and general political guidelines of the Italian government. The tariff system is required to reconcile 
the economic and financial goals of electricity and gas operators with general social goals, and with 
environmental protection and the efficient use of resources.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Below is an overview of the principal legislation applicable to the different business areas of the Issuer Group: 
5. 
Transportation and dispatching 
Article 2(1) subparagraph (ii) of the Letta Decree, as amended by Decree 93/2011, defines transportation as 
“natural gas transportation aimed to supply customers through a network which consists mainly of high-
pressure pipelines, other than a network of upstream pipelines and other than gas pipelines which, even at high 
pressure, are mainly used for the local distribution of natural gas, with the exception of the supply”. Article 
2(1) subparagraph (j) of the Letta Decree defines dispatching as “activities for the purpose of issuing 
instructions for the co-ordinated use and operation of production and storage facilities, the transportation 
system and distribution and accessory services”. Dispatching ensures a constant balance in the supply and 
demand of gas. 
Article 8 of the Letta Decree defines gas transportation as a free activity of public interest structured in a 
national and regional gas pipeline network defined in the annual provisions related to national energy policies 
issued by the MED. TSO carries out transport and dispatch activities govern the flow of gas and the auxiliary 
services needed for the system to function and physical balancing, including modulation. These companies are 
also responsible for the utilisation of strategic gas storage under MED directives, and they must ensure 
compliance with any other obligations aimed at guaranteeing the safety, reliability, efficiency and lowest cost 
of the service and of supplies. From 1 January 2002, only operators that have no other activities in the gas 
sector, except for storage activities, may transport and dispatch gas. Even so, all such activities must be 
accounted for separately. 
TSOs must guarantee access on a non-discriminatory basis to users who request it, provided that the connection 
works required are technically and economically feasible. Pursuant to Article 24.5 of the Letta Decree, on the 
basis of criteria set by the ARERA (Resolution No. 137/02), TSOs adopt Network Codes, which consist of 
general conditions and rules for the access and the supply of the transportation service. The Codes, and any 
related updates, are subject to the Regulator approval. Snam Rete Gas Network Code, approved by the 
ARERA, is in force since 2003. 
Pursuant to Article 30 of the Letta Decree, since the construction of a gas pipeline is deemed to be of public 
interest, private land may be expropriated for such purpose. 
Since December 2011, in addition to transportation activity, Snam Rete Gas has a central role in granting the 
effectiveness of the natural gas balancing system (Responsabile del Bilanciamento) in accordance with 
ARERA Resolution No. ARG/gas 45/11 of 14 April 2011 and the relevant implementing rules, and in 
procuring storage natural gas supplies on a specific platform managed by GME (PB-gas) according to market 
rules in order to re-establish the overall system balance.  
From 2015, Regulation EU No. 312/2014 was gradually implemented, inter alia with ARERA Resolutions 
No. 470/2015/R/gas of 7 October 2015 and Resolution No. 312/2016/R/gas of 16 June 2016. According to the 
abovementioned ARERA Resolutions the new balancing regime implemented in the Snam Rete Gas Network 
Code started with the Thermal Year 2016-2017.  
Under the new regime, on the one hand Network Users will have a more active role and in particular will be 
economically incentivised to balance their commercial positions through re-nominations of the gas flows even 
during the gas day and the possibility to trade gas on the GME platform. On the other hand, TSOs will have to 
be entrusted with a residual role in balancing the gas system by buying/selling gas on the market (on top of the 
information obligation towards the Network Users). (See “Business Activities of Snam Group – 
TRANSPORTATION”). 
From the TSO’s perspective, in line with the previous regime, the “neutrality principle” continues to apply. 
Pursuant to resolution 312/2016/R/gas, an economic incentives mechanism has been implemented with effect 
from 17 October 2016, in order to encourage TSO information quality improvement and minimise its 
interventions in the balancing market. With Resolution 661/2017/R/GAS the Regulator has confirmed the 
general incentive structure already introduced, defining the parameters for the thermal year 2017-2018. Further

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
to that with Resolution No. 349/2017/R/GAS, published on 19 May 2017, ARERA has defined the principles 
for the TSO cost and revenue neutrality in relation to the balancing activities performed in accordance with 
the European Balancing Network Code (Regulation EU n. 312/2014) as envisaged by the TIB (Testo Integrato 
Bilanciamento). 
With Resolutions No. 670/2017/R/gas and 782/2017/R/gas ARERA has introduced provisions regarding the 
adjustment of the physical and economic items after the closing of the balancing session, on the basis of new 
metering data, for the period 2013-2019. Furthermore, the Regulator has set up a dedicated fund managed by 
the Cassa per i servizi energetici e ambientali – Energy and Environment Equalisation Fund for the coverage 
of the costs related to the settlement activities of the gas sector and guaranteeing the economical neutrality of 
the Balancing Operator. With Resolutions No. 72/2018/R/gas ARERA has revised the settlement regime for 
the gas sector previously defined with Resolution No. 229/2012/R/gas and has set up procedures for the 
settlement of the balancing physical and economic items that have entered into force starting from 1 January 
2020. In particular, the difference between the quantities measured at the city-gates and the allocated quantities 
on the distribution side will be attributed to Snam Rete Gas, as Balancing Operator, and paid by the system. 
With Resolution No. 45/2020/R/gas ARERA has defined the incentives parameters for the period (4PI) starting 
from 20 February 2020. With Resolution No. 199/2022/R/gas ARERA has defined the incentives parameters 
for the period (5PI) until 31 December 2023, confirming the incentive levels already defined in 2020. 
6. 
LNG regasification 
LNG regasification, as defined by the ARERA, includes the unloading, storage and regasification of LNG 
through the use of LNG regasification facilities situated within the national territory or Italian territorial waters, 
including any connecting gas pipelines. 
The Letta Decree: (i) requires the companies responsible for LNG regasification not to discriminate the 
individual operators (Article 20) and (ii) entrusted ARERA to (a) determine a tariff system for the use of LNG 
terminals in order to ensure a fair return on capital invested so as to incentivise investments to develop capacity; 
(b) set criteria to guarantee free access to all users of the network with equal conditions, and an impartial and 
neutral use of LNG regasification terminals under normal market conditions, and (c) determine the main 
obligations of the subjects involved in LNG regasification activities (Article 24). Moreover, Article 30 of the 
Letta Decree clarifies that the necessary work for the establishment of LNG terminals (including regasification 
facilities), with the exception of those to be implemented in maritime government properties, are deemed to 
be of general public interest, and therefore urgent and not deferrable. On LNG regasification, instead, Article 
1 of the Marzano Law establishes that: (i) in paragraph 8, the Italian State should implement the guidelines to 
be followed by companies carrying out LNG regasification activity, and (ii) in paragraph 17, the faculty for 
those companies which decide to invest in new regasification terminals to require an exemption from the 
application of the regulation on the third party access right (as implemented by general criteria indicated by 
the ARERA and adopted by the MED). 
Since the enactment of Law 340/2000 and currently, on the basis of Article 27, paragraph 31 of Law No. 
99/2009, new LNG regasification plants, previously subject to a concessionary regime, need only a pre-
emptive authorisation issued by the MED, in concert with the Ministry of Environment and the Ministry of 
Transport and Infrastructure and in agreement with the concerned Region. 
7. 
Storage 
The Letta Decree provides that the storage of natural gas consists of storing natural gas in underground deposits 
or geological units. In particular, Article 2(1) subparagraphs (ff), (gg) and (hh) define three types of storage: 
mining storage, modulation storage and strategic storage. 
Storage activities are subject to a concessionary regime, in accordance with objective and not discriminatory 
procedures and criteria, with concessions of up to 20 years (30 years for concessions granted after the entry 
into force of the Letta Decree, as hereinafter specified) issued by the MED to entities who have the necessary 
technical, economic and organisational capacity to operate and conduct a storage programme in the public 
interest. Operators are required to provide storage services to third parties upon request, with priority for

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
residential clients, provided that they have enough capacity and that providing such storage services is 
economically and technically feasible. In order to overcome any sudden interruptions in the flow of gas, 
operators are required by law to retain a certain volume of natural gas for national strategic purposes. The 
relative costs are passed on to importers and gas producers. Law No. 170/1974 states that: “the right to use 
reserves for a deep storage of natural gas belongs to the State” (Article 1). It also establishes that the 
concession is governed by special rules which are attached to the concession and the transfer of the concession 
to a third party is permitted only upon the authorisation of the Ministry which granted such concession (Article 
3); once the concession expires it may be renewed for a period of ten years (also for more times) (Article 5). 
The activities to be carried out necessary to operate in the gas storage sector are considered to be of general 
public interest (Article 8). Legislative Decree No. 625/1996 set in 20 years the maximum concession to storage, 
which could be “extended according to applicable regulations” (Article 32). 
The Letta Decree confirms (i) the 20-year concession of natural gas storage in deep geological reserves or units 
which are issued in “public interest”, and (ii) the possibility for the owner of a concession to continue the 
production of gas for the amount of gas non subject to storage limits. In this regard Article 12 of the Letta 
Decree provides that the owner of more concessions has to manage such concessions in a “co-ordinated and 
integrated way” in order to be able to satisfy any request may arise and defers to ARERA the determination of 
the “criteria and priority access” to ensure equality of conditions, impartiality and neutrality of the storage 
service. Storage activities must be under a separate accounting and management profile than the transport and 
dispatching operations and other corporate activities of the so-called “gas chain” (filiera del gas). Article 23 
of the Letta Decree defers to the ARERA to set storage tariffs and establishes that such tariffs should be 
incentivising. Article 30 of the Letta Decree confirms the “public utility” of the storage activities. 
The Marzano Law contains the basic principles with regard to the storage activity and it confirms that the 
storage activity is disciplined through the granting of concessions. The Marzano Law states moreover the 
following “general aims of the Italian State in the energy field” on the basis of which the Italian State, also 
through the ARERA, shall: (i) determine the conditions of import and export of energy and the planning of the 
major energy infrastructures and (ii) take the appropriate measures to use strategic storage in case of necessity, 
as well as determinations concerning the storage of natural gas in reserves and the co-ordinated operations of 
storage system. Article 1, paragraph 61 clarifies that the owner of a concession is “entitled to extend the period 
of the concession for no more than two times”, provided that it has duly complied with the conditions and 
duties set out by the MED in the relevant deed of concession. 
As stated above, Decree No. 93/2011 provides incentives for investment in new natural gas infrastructure 
(interconnector pipelines, LNG terminals, storage) by exempting the investing entity from the obligation to 
provide third party access for a period up to 25 years (exemptions may be granted on a case-by-case basis by 
the MED in consultation with the ARERA and subject to approval of the European Commission). 
As clarified above, the gas storage business of the Issuer is dependent on concessions granted by the MED. 
Under Law No. 221/2012 (article 34, comma 18) gas storage concessions granted after the entry into force of 
the Letta Decree last no more than 30 years with a single extension period of 10 years. The “20+10+10” years 
regime set out in article 1, comma 61, of Law No. 239/2004 applies to gas storage concessions granted before 
the entry into force of the Letta Decree. 
MED Decree 05/03/2020 defines, for Thermal Year 2020-2021 the storage service offered by Stogit, along 
with storage volumes reserved for each service, and the criteria for the allocation of storage capacities. The 
Decree establishes also the criteria for the withdrawal of gas from the storage system to ensure the security of 
the Italian natural gas system. 
Finally, it should be noted that the storage is the main source of gas flexibility in Italy and therefore Stogit - 
according to market rules and in close coordination with Snam Rete Gas - has introduced hourly re-
nominations of the storage programs by users and a system of day-ahead auctions (as per ARERA Resolution 
ARG/gas No. 193/2016) to manage the unprogrammed and spare capacity on a weekly and daily basis.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
In order to support the injection campaign for Thermal Year 2022-2023 further decrees had to be issued due 
to the high volatility stemming from the crisis between Russia and Ukraine. In particular, the Decree-Law No. 
17 of 1 March 2022 identified the need for measures to increment the gas national supply resilience (e.g. filling 
at least 90% of national gas storage capacity) and gave mandate in this regard to the Ministry of Ecological 
Transition (the “MiTE”), having taken over MED for the competence in the energy sector.  
In line with what mentioned above, the MiTE by means of decree of 14 March 2022 (the “MITE Decree”) 
has defined for Thermal Year 2022-2023 the storage service offered by Stogit, along with storage volumes 
reserved for each service, and the criteria for the allocation of storage capacities. Furthermore, the MITE 
Decree defines: i) reserve price equal to zero for modulation service auctions; ii) the technical self-consumption 
(related to gas treatment and compression facilities) charges non-application to the users of storage service; 
iii) capacity booked by implication (price equal to zero) for users with gas stock on 31 March 2022.    
Nonetheless, further decree had to be issued aiming to pursue the 90% filled storage objective. MiTE Decree 
1/04/2022 defines: i) weekly auction for monthly injection linked services; ii) introduction of two-way CFDs 
(Contract For Difference); iii) the SRG mandate to supply and storage the gas for the grid (and storage) self-
consumption during the Thermal Year 2022-2023. 
REGULATORY – TARIFFS 
As described above, the transportation, regasification of LNG and storage of natural gas in Italy are regulated 
by the ARERA, which has been operative since 1997, and is responsible for the regulation of the national 
electricity and natural gas markets. Among its functions are the calculation and updating of the tariffs, and the 
provision of rules for access to infrastructures and for the delivery of the relative services. According to the 
Letta Decree, rules for the access and delivery of the services are defined in the codes (Network, Storage, 
Regasification, Distribution Codes) set by each company and approved by ARERA. Tariff regulation is set by 
the ARERA before the start of each regulatory period. It identifies the criteria for the determination of the 
“allowed revenues” and their revision during the regulatory period as well as the methodology for calculating 
tariffs. This general methodology applies to all businesses areas and is designed to cover capital and operational 
costs directly related to the business activities of the relevant company. 
The methodology envisages the calculation of a reference revenue at the beginning of the regulatory period 
being the sum of: 
• remuneration on net invested capital which is determined multiplying the Regulatory Asset Base (“RAB”), 
calculated according to the re-evaluated historical cost methodology, by the allowed rate of return (defined 
as a Weighted Average Cost of Capital (“WACC”)). For new investments extra returns are recognised as 
premium above WACC differentiated according to the type of investment; 
• depreciation allowance calculated on the basis of the economical/technical lives set by the ARERA for 
different asset types; and 
• allowed operating costs (as reported in the company’s financial statements) which may include the retention 
of profit sharing on the extra-efficiency performed during the previous regulatory periods. 
The revenues related to remuneration and depreciation allowance are updated on an annual basis according to 
RAB evolution during the period, taking into account incentives for new investments, while the revenues 
related to operating costs are updated according to the price cap methodology RPI –X formula, where RPI 
represents the inflation index and X is the efficiency target set by the ARERA. 
A large portion of allowed revenues (about 95%) are guaranteed during the period through correction 
mechanisms, which rebate to the users any over/under recovery.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
The following are the primary tariff components for each of the regulated activities carried out by the Issuer, 
based on the regulatory framework in force.  
 
TRANSPORTATION 
REGASIFICATION 
STORAGE 
End of 
TARIFF 
regulatory 
period 
5th Regulatory 
Period 
1 January 
2020-31 
December 2023 
6th Regulatory 
Period 
1 January 
2024-31 
December 2027 
5th 
Regulatory 
Period 
1 January 
2020-31 
December 
2023 
6th 
Regulatory 
Period 
1 January 
2024-31 
December 
2027 
Transitional 
period 1 
January 2019 
- 31 
December 
2019 
5th 
Regulatory 
Period 1 
January 2020 – 
31 
December 
2025 
End 
of 
WACC 
regulatory period 
31 December 2027 
Calculation of net 
invested 
capital 
recognised 
for 
regulatory purposes 
(RAB) 
Re-evaluated historical cost 
Re-evaluated historical cost 
Re-evaluated historical 
cost 
Deduction of restoration 
costs recognised 
Return 
on 
net 
invested 
capital 
recognised 
for 
regulatory purposes 
(pre-tax WACC) 
5.7% (years 
2020-21) 
5.1% (year 
2022-23) 
5.9% (years 
2024) 
 
6.8% (years 
2019-2020-
2021) 
6.1% (year 
2022-23) 
 
6.7% (year 
2024) 
6.5% (years 2016-18) 
 
6.7% (years 2019-21) 
6.0 % (year 2022-23) 
6.6% (year 2024)

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
Incentives on new 
investments 
For 
investments 
entered into 
Operation 
in 
years 2020- 
2021-2022 on 
new capacity 
with positive 
cost 
benefit 
analysis 
(>1.5): 
1.5% over 10 
years 
For 
the 
maintenance 
of 
fully 
depreciated 
networks that can 
still be operated 
safely. 1% of the 
revalued historical 
cost of the asset 
subject 
to 
incentives, 
and 
0.5% for pipelines 
in operation that 
have ended their 
regulatory 
useful 
life for more than 
10 years; for the 
dual 
fuel 
compressor 
stations, equal to 
50% of the share of 
revenue 
deriving 
from the offer of 
flexibility services 
on the dispatching 
services 
market 
(MSD), and 50% 
of 
the 
revenues 
deriving 
from 
participation in the 
white 
certificate 
mechanism. 
 
 
2nd and 3rd period: 
4% over 8 years (on 
upgrading existing 
capacity) 
4% over 16 years (on 
developing new storage 
fields) 
4th period: 
Retention for 8 years of 
20% of new capacity 
auction 
revenues 
if 
above 
the 
reference 
revenues

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
Remuneration 
of 
investment 
year t-1 for 
time 
lag 
recognition 
(from 2017) 
Remuneration of 
investment year t-1 for 
time lag recognition (from 
2017) 
Remuneration 
of 
investment year t-1 for 
time 
lag 
recognition 
(from 2014) 
Efficiency factor (X FACTOR) 
For 
2020-
2023 0.7% on 
operating 
costs  
For 
2024 
depending on 
the difference 
between  
Reference 
and 
total 
expenditure  
with 2 
options: 
high-
performance 
Potential 
(SAP) or 
Low 
Potential 
(SBP) 
 
3.1% 
on 
operating 
costs 
1.3% 
on 
operating 
costs 
For the year 2019: 4.7% 
on operating costs 
For the 5th Regulatory 
Period: 
1.0% 
on 
operating 
costs 
with 
mid-term update 
 
 
With Resolution 597/2014/R/gas, published on 5 December 2014, the ARERA launched a review of the 
methodology used by it to calculate and update the WACC for the gas and electricity regulated businesses. In 
particular, the review aims to permit the gas and electricity regulated businesses to use the same parameters to 
determine the WACC, other than those that are specific to the individual business. 
With Resolution 583/2015/R/com, published on 2 December 2015, the ARERA issued the criteria to calculate 
and update the WACC for the gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period 1 January 2016 - 31 
December 2021. In particular, such criteria establish that the parameters to determine the WACC are the same 
for the gas and electricity regulated businesses, other than those that are specific to the individual business 
(asset beta and gearing), with a three-year updating period. In particular, the criteria avoid differences between 
regulated businesses’ returns due to specific and non-recurring conditions of the financial markets. 
With Resolution 639/2018/R/com, published on 6 December 2018, the ARERA updated the main WACC 
parameters for gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period 1 January 2019 - 31 December 2021, 
according to provisions and methodologies for the infra-period review already envisaged by Resolution 
583/2015/R/com.  
Those updates lead to rates of return equal for 2019-2021 to 5.7% for transmission service (previous 5.4%), 
6.7% for storage (previous 6.5%) and 6.8% for regasification (previous 6.6%). With Resolution 
380/2020/R/gas, published on 15 October 2020, ARERA started the review of rationales to determine the rate

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
of return on invested capital (WACC) in the electric and gas sectors for the 2nd regulated period starting the 1 
January 2022 (II PWACC). 
Below the guidance set out in the document: 
- 
II PWACC duration not less than 4 years; 
- 
mid-term review to adjust the WACC in relation to the overall economic trend; 
- 
confirmation of the existing methodology (weighted average of Ke and Kd, CAPM (capital asset pricing 
model) method and usage of the Country Risk Premium to include the Country Risk; 
- 
identification of detailed rationales to estimate Beta ratio, in order to improve the predictability of the 
model and minimize the room for discretion; 
- 
regarding the activities supporting the development of a regulation with targets on expenditures and 
services, starting of a process to align the regulation of infrastructural services (electric and gas), focusing 
on the criteria to recognise the invested capital and the operating costs. The aim is to harmonize regulations 
and avoid misalignment of the return on invested capital due to diverse regulations on specific operating 
costs and capital. 
 
Pursuant to such Resolution, ARERA has published on 16 July 2021 the first consultation document (DCO 
308/2021/R/COM) on criteria for determining and updating the rate of return on invested capital (WACC). 
ARERA intends to maintain the formulation of the WACC already adopted in the I PWACC to calculate the 
rate of return on invested capital as a weighted average of the rate of return on equity and the cost of debt with 
some refinements on individual parametres. In particular for the determination of the cost of debt, the Authority 
intends to introduce a new approach that allows for a better adaptation of recognised costs to the market 
conditions. A second consultation document has been published on 12 October 2021, mainly confirming what 
envisaged in the first Consultation Document mentioned above. 
With Resolution 614/2021/R/com, published on 23 December 2021, the ARERA issued the criteria to calculate 
and update the WACC for the gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period 1 January 2022 - 31 
December 2027. Below the main rules set out in the document: 
- 
II PWACC duration of 6 years (2022-2027); 
- 
mid-term review of basic parameters and possibility to annual review in case of a 50bps variation 
of WACC (trigger mechanism); 
- 
confirmation of the existing methodology of weighted average of Ke and Kd, CAPM (capital 
asset pricing mod-el) method and usage of the Country Risk Premium to include the Country 
Risk; 
- 
risk free rate without floor but with additional parameters (Convenience Premium, Forward 
Premium, Uncertainty Premium) to reflect the real market conditions; 
- 
new methodology for the calculation of the cost of debt (Kd), based on iBoxx index and with a 
distinction be-tween existing and new debt, with a graduality in the implementation of the new 
methodology; 
- 
Extraordinary Beta review for the business with current Regulatory Asset Beta below 0,4; 
- 
confirmation of the F-factor to address tax on nominal profits. 
Those rules lead to rates of return for year 2022 and year 2023 in real terms (pre-tax) equal to 5.1% for 
transmission service (previous 5.7%), 6.0% for storage (previous 6.7%) and 6.1% for regasification (previous 
6.8%). 
With Resolution 556/2023/R/gas published on 29 November 2023, the Authority updated the rate of return on 
invested capital for infrastructure services in the electricity and gas sectors for the year 2024, pursuant to 
Article 8 of Annex A (TIWACC 2022-2027) of the Authority's Resolution 614/2021/R/com.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
The update is due to the verification of the activation of the trigger mechanism provided for in art. 8.1 of the 
TIWACC 2022-2027, thus determining for the year 2024 the following rates of return for Snam Group's 
businesses:  
- 6.6% for the natural gas storage service;  
- 6.7% for the LNG regasification service;  
- 5.9% for the natural gas transportation service. 
Transportation 
The ARERA sets the criteria that gas transport companies have to apply in determining natural gas transport 
and dispatching tariffs on national and regional networks during the regulatory period which lasts four years. 
Tariffs are subject to approval by the ARERA, which ensures their compliance with the present criteria. 
Criteria established by the ARERA set the allowed revenues that are calculated as the sum of: (i) operating 
costs including storage and modulation costs; (ii) depreciation of transport assets; and (iii) return on net 
invested capital. 
With Resolution 514/2013/R/gas, published on 15 November 2013, the ARERA issued the criteria for defining 
natural gas transportation and metering tariffs on the National and Regional Transportation Network for the 
fourth regulatory period (1 January 2014 to 31 December 2017). Such criteria establish that: 
- 
the valuation of the net invested capital (“RAB”) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost 
methodology; 
- 
the WACC of net invested capital is set at 6.3% in real terms before taxes17. In order to cover the so-
called “regulatory lag” related to the time delay in the recognition of the new investments in the RAB, 
a 1% increase of WACC is applied to those investments carried out after 31 December 2013; 
- 
incentives for certain new investments carried out after 31 December 2013 provide for a higher return 
compared to the WACC, in relation to the type of investment, from 1% to 2% and for a period from 7 
to 10 years. Investments carried out until 31 December 2013 keep the incentivised treatments applied 
in the previous regulatory periods. The revenues associated with new investments are paid starting 
from the second year following that in which the costs were incurred (“spending”) and are guaranteed 
regardless of the volumes transported. The ARERA has launched a process for the adoption of a 
resolution on output based incentivisation mechanisms for new investments according to selectivity 
criteria. These will be developed as far as possible on the basis of market tests aimed at verifying the 
user commitments to use the new infrastructures in order to sustain selectively those infrastructures 
required for competition, development, security of the national gas system and sources diversification; 
- 
the revenues component related to the depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the 
useful economic and technical life of the relevant assets set by the ARERA. As far as the transport 
infrastructure assets are concerned, the useful life of pipelines has been set at 50 years. The gross fixed 
asset is calculated net of public and private grants; 
- 
the revenues component related to operating costs reflects the amount of accounting costs at the 
beginning of the regulatory period plus operating extra-efficiency from previous periods allowed to be 
retained by the ARERA (total level equal to approximately 13% of the overall revenues); 
- 
the method for updating the price cap tariffs is RPI-X: increased for inflation and decreased by an 
annual recovery coefficient set at 2.4%. The price cap method is applied to operating costs;  
 
17  The base return established in Resolution 514/2013/R/gas was valid for the years 2014-2015. From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are 
defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
- 
the revenue components related to returns and depreciation are determined on the basis of the annual 
update of net invested capital (RAB); and 
- 
the guarantee mechanisms applied to the capacity and commodity revenue components which 
guarantee about 99.5% of the total allowed revenues. 
The tariff structure is based on an entry/exit model and was also confirmed for the fourth regulatory period, 
together with the capacity fee for the metering service. 
The fuel gas is treated as a pass-through cost which is payable in kind by the users and is excluded from the 
price cap mechanism. 
Furthermore, through resolution n. 514/2013/R/gas, the ARERA has recognised euro 6.5 million for higher 
costs incurred for activities required by the Legislative Decree 93/11 and the resolution ARG/gas n. 45/11. 
With decision No. 2888/2015 dated 12 June 2015, the Council of State upheld the previous decision issued by 
the Administrative Court of Lombardia – Milan which annulled some of the provisions contained in the 
resolutions ARG/gas/184/09, 192/09, 198/09 and 218/10 relating to transportation and dispatching tariffs for 
the 2010-2013 period. 
Specifically, the Council of State upheld the annulment of the provisions which: (i) increased from 70% to 
90% the capacity component in tariff determination and, thus, reduced from 30% to 10% the commodity 
component, considering that such provisions may determine costs increase for those operators whose activities 
are mainly concentrated in entry points located in Southern Italy: in particular, the Council of State affirmed 
that ARERA did not provide “adequate logical and/or legal supports” regarding the imbalance between the 
two tariff components; and (ii) provided for a mechanism where the fuel gas used for compression stations is 
treated as a pass-through cost payable in kind by the users. 
A similar decision, albeit on partially different assumptions, involved Resolution 575/2017/R/ gas (TAR Milan 
sentence No. 301/2021 of 5 January 2021) related to the transitional period 2018-2019. ARERA appealed the 
decision before the Council of State which on 27 July 2023 with decision no. 7375 has rejected the appeal. In 
any case, the decision does not affect the revenues recognised to Snam Rete Gas. 
Similar decisions, even if based on partially different assumptions, involved Resolution 514/2013/R/GAS 
(TAR Milan judgement No. 219/2022 of 1 February 2022) and Resolution 575/2017/R/ gas (TAR Milan 
judgement No. 301/2021 of 5 January 2021) respectively related to the fourth regulatory period 2014-2017 
and the transitional period 2018-2019. ARERA appealed the decisions before the Council of State. The Council 
of State, with decisions No. 8523/2022 and No. 7386/2023, has rejected appeals against the sentences of the 
TAR. In any case, the decisions do not affect the revenues recognised to Snam Rete Gas. With Resolution 
70/2023/R/gas, the ARERA started a procedure in order to comply with the abovementioned decision No. 
8523/2022. Subsequently, ARERA approved DCO 424/2023/R/gas in which it proposes the methods to 
comply with the sentences of the Council of State no. 8523/2022 and no. 7386/2023, regarding the criteria for 
regulating the tariffs of the natural gas transport service for the regulatory periods 2014-2017 and 2018-2019. 
With decision No.3735/2015, dated 28 July 2015, the Council of State upheld the previous decision issued by 
the Administrative Court of Lombardia – Milan which annulled some of the provisions contained in the 
resolutions n. 514/2013/R/GAS, 603/2013/R/GAS and 641/2013/R/COM relating to transportation and 
dispatching tariffs for the 2014-2017 period.  
Specifically, the Council of State upheld the annulment of said provisions insofar as they have not introduced 
degressive features in transportation tariffs in favour of end-users with high consumption of gas, as set by the 
law n.134/2012 that established to adjust the system of transportation tariffs of natural gas in accordance with 
criteria that make transportation services for users with higher consumption of natural gas more flexible and 
less expensive. Similar decisions, albeit on partially different assumptions, involved Resolution 575/2017/R/ 
gas (TAR Milan sentence No. 440/2020 of 5 March 2020) and Resolution 114/2019/R/gas (TAR Milan 
sentence No. 33/2021 of 5 January 2021) related respectively to the transitional period 2018-2019 and to the

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
regulatory period 2020-2023. ARERA appealed the decisions before the Council of State that, with decisions 
No. 6096/2022 and 6098/2022, has rejected them. In any case, the sentences do not affect the revenues 
recognised to Snam Rete Gas. The aforementioned decision has been implemented by Resolution No. 
410/2023/R/Gas of 19 September 2023. An appeal has been proposed against this last Resolution to verify 
compliance with decision no. 6096/2022 and 6098/2022. 
With Resolution 429/2015/R/gas, the ARERA started a procedure in order to comply with the abovementioned 
decision No. 3735/2015.  
With Resolution No. 85/2022/C/gas, the Authority appealed the TAR Milan sentence No. 219/2022 related to 
the annulment of the Resolution 514/2013/R/gas. 
Starting from 2016 the regulated rate of return (WACC) is defined in a specific integrated text (TIWACC), 
valid for all the infrastructural electricity and gas services (see above). 
With Resolution 550/2016/R/gas published on 7 October 2016 - following the Council of State decision n. 
2888/2015 - the ARERA has redefined the tariff criteria for the transportation service for the regulatory period 
2010-2013, confirming the 90/10 capacity/commodity split and replacing the fuel gas mechanism in kind with 
a commodity charge differentiated for each entry point of the national transmission network. This provision 
has had no impact on Snam Rete Gas’s revenues.  
With Resolution No. 575/2017/R/gas, published on 4 August 2017, ARERA defined the tariff criteria for the 
gas transmission activity during the Transitory Period 2018-2019. Such criteria establish that: 
- 
investments carried out in year t-1 will be included in RAB for tariff determination of year t, 
substituting 1% of additional return used to cover the regulatory time-lag; 
- 
the current asset β parameter is confirmed for the Transitory Period 2018-2019. The current rate of 
return, equal to 5.4% in real terms pre-tax, is therefore confirmed for 2018 and will be updated by 
January 2019 with the expected adjustments of the basic parameters; 
- 
current input-based incentive scheme (1-2% for 7/10 years respectively for regional and national 
networks) will be applied to new development investments entered into operation by 31 December 
2017. An input-based incentive scheme (1% for 12 years for regional and national networks) will be 
applied to development investments of new transmission capacity entering into operation in years 2018 
and 2019, started at 31 December 2017. The incentive will be also applied to investment started after 
1 January 2018 entering into operation in the transitory period, included in the Development Plan and 
with a benefit-cost ratio higher than 1.5 and a positive Authority evaluation. The 1% additional return 
to cover the regulatory time-lag is applied to the investments carried out in the period 1 January 2014 
to 31 December 2016; and 
- 
cost base used for the 4th Regulatory Period will be rolled forward according to inflation and a 
productivity factor (X-factor). The unit commodity charge (CV) for years 2018 and 2019 will be 
calculated considering a reference volume equal to 67.2 bcm. 
With Resolution No. 208/2018/R/gas, the Authority approved the admission of Snam Rete Gas’s development 
investments, presented under the Ten-year Transport Network Plan, to the safeguard clause referred to in point 
4 of resolution 689/2017/R/gas, that will allow them to benefit from the input-based incentive equal to 1% of 
the WACC. 
With Resolution No. 280/2018/R/gas, published on 10 May 2018, the Authority approved the reference 
revenues for gas transmission, dispatching and metering services for 2019, which have been set at euro 1,964 
million. The RAB used to calculate the 2019 revenues for the transport, dispatching and metering businesses 
has been set at euro 16.2 billion and includes forecasted investments to be carried out in 2018. 
Based on these revenues, with resolution No. 306/2018/R/gas, published on 1 June 2018, the transport tariffs 
valid for the period 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 have been defined.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
With Resolution No. 468/2018/R/gas, published on 28 September 2018, ARERA defined the rules for the 
consultation of the TYNDP and approved the minimum requirements for the preparation of the TYNDP and 
for the cost-benefit analysis (“CBA”) of the investments. The deadline for the presentation of the TYNDP 
2018 was postponed to 30 November 2018 and Snam Rete Gas was mandated to develop by the beginning of 
2019 a proposal on the application criteria of the CBA. Such resolution also envisages that in case the TYNDP 
2018 will not include sufficient elements for the CBA, in relation to the investments entering into operation in 
year 2019 the provision of point 3 of Resolution 589/2017/R/gas shall apply, with a provisional recognition of 
the whole investment costs pending the demonstration of the investment utility in the following TYNDP.  
With Resolution 114/2019/R/gas, published on 29 March 2019, the ARERA issued the criteria for defining 
natural gas transportation and metering tariffs for the fifth regulatory period (1 January 2020 to 31 December 
2023) confirming the main regulatory principles already in place. Such criteria establish that: 
• 
the valuation of the net invested capital (“RAB”) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost 
methodology; 
• 
the asset Beta parameter is confirmed at 0,364 for the period 2020-2023, giving a WACC on net 
invested capital equal to 5.7% in real terms before taxes for years 2020-202118. In order to cover the 
so-called “regulatory lag” related to the time delay in the recognition of the new investments in the 
RAB for the previous regulatory period, a 1% increase of WACC is applied to those investments 
carried out in years 2014,2015 and 2016; 
• 
Work in progress are included in RAB and remunerated at 5.3% in real terms pre-tax; 
• 
Incentives on new development capex with positive cost benefit analysis (B/C ratio higher than 1.5) 
entering into operation in 2020, 2021 and 2022 will receive an additional 1.5% for 10 years; 
investments for which the benefits for the gas national system are lower than 1 the costs would be 
subject to tariff recognition within the limits of the quantifiable and monetised benefits.  
• 
investments entering into operation in 2023 will be subject to output-based incentives defined on the 
basis of subsequent provisions; 
• 
Allowed Depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the useful economic and technical 
life of the relevant assets set by the ARERA (unchanged with respect to previous regulatory period, 
except for the introduction of a new asset class called “5-years other tangible assets”); 
• 
Snam shall prepare a monitoring report on the status of existing infrastructure by the end of 2019 
indicating potential issues related to the safe operation of the infrastructure, with particular reference 
to those assests which are fully depreciated or for which the useful regulatory life is ending by 2013, 
as well identifying the required actions, analyzing their costs and benefits and demonstrating their 
efficiency compared to alternative solutions. In relation to the outcomes of the monitoring report it 
will be evaluated the possible introduction of incentive mechanisms for the life extension of fully 
depreciated assets; ARERA has not published any document on the matter yet; 
• 
Allowed Opex of the reference year will be calculated on the basis of the last available certified cost 
year (2017), updated to reflect justified incremental cost incurred in 2018. In the following years of 
the regulatory period the allowed opex will be updated through the RPI-X methodology (increased for 
inflation and decreased by an efficiency factor); 
• 
The amount of gas needed to cover fuel consumptions, losses and unaccounted for gas is purchased 
by the TSO within the centralised commodity market. The purchased gas quantities are evaluated on 
 
18  The base return established in Resolution 514/2013/R/gas was valid for the years 2014-2015. From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are 
defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
the basis of the weighted average price of PSV’s forward products. The price differences will be 
reconciliated with a compensation mechanism to be defined with a subsequent provision; 
• 
Guarantee mechanisms are applied to the capacity and commodity revenue components which 
guarantee about 99.5% of the total allowed revenues. A guarantee mechanism of 100% of the revenues 
is introduced for the metering service; 
• 
It is under evaluation the possibility of introducing, on an experimental basis, a totex approach to 
define Snam reference revenues in the last year of the 5th Regulatory Period (future consultations 
expected). 
• 
Revenues and tariffs of year t will be approved by the end of May of the year t-1. 
The tariff structure is based on an entry/exit model for the calculation of the capacity charges it is applied the 
so-called “capacity weighted distance” (CWD) matrix, the standard methodology defined in the European 
Tariff Network Code (TAR NC). The commodity charge covers the allowed opex, emission trading system 
costs and fuel gas, gas losses and unaccounted gas costs. It is applied on the exit points and it is updated yearly 
on the volumes withdrawn in the year t-2. 
With Resolution No. 201/2019/R/gas, published on 29 May 2019, the Authority approved the reference 
revenues for gas transmission and metering services for 2020, which have been set at euro 2,096 million. The 
RAB used to calculate the 2020 revenues for the transport and metering businesses has been set at euro 16.4 
billion and includes forecasted investments to be carried out in 2019. Based on these revenues, the transport 
tariffs valid for the period 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 have been defined. In addition, the Authority 
gave mandate to its competent offices to evaluate Snam proposals on the restructuring of metering activity and 
on the recognition of unaccounted for gas (UFG) as pass-through cost. 
With Resolution No. 230/2019/R/gas, published on 12 June 2019, the Authority has positively verified Snam 
Rete Gas proposal on the cost-benefit-analysis application criteria to be used for gas transmission network 
developments, prepared according to article 8, comma 4 of Resolution No. 468/2018/R/gas. The methodology 
applies to all investments included in the Transmission Networks Ten Year Development Plan which are above 
euro 25 million for national network developments and euro 5 million for regional network developments. All 
network development investments which the TSO is required to perform pursuant to legislative obligations as 
well as to guarantee the safe operation of the network are excluded from the application of the cost-benefit 
analysis. 
With Resolution No. 45/2020/R/gas, published on 18 February 2020, the Authority has defined the parameters 
for the incentive system of the Balancing Operator (SRG) for the 4th Incentive Period (4PI) from 20 February 
2020 to 31 December 2021. The Resolution confirmed the incentive scheme in place with Resolution No. 
480/18/R/gas for the 3rd Incentive Period (3PI) , based on three performance indicators (p1, p2, p3) which 
measure respectively the goodness of the forecast of the gas system requirements (p1) and the efficiency of 
the balancing actions of the Balancing Operator (p2 linked to the intervention prices of the Balancing Manager 
and p3 on the residual balance), providing for a profit sharing with the gas system of part of the annual 
premium. Two new performance indicators were also introduced (p4 already defined with Resolution No. 
208/2019/R/gas and p5), linked to the launch of the new Settlement regime, which measure the efficiency of 
SRG in the procurement of gas necessary for the operation of the network. 
The Resolution No.578/2020/R/gas extends the validity of the incentives parameters I4 and I5 until the end of 
the fourth incentive period for the balancing manager (4PI), that is to 31 December 2021. The Resolution No. 
199/2022/R/gas extends for the 5th incentive period (5PI) the incentive levels already approved in the previous 
period (4PI) until 31 December 2023. 
The resolution 578/2020/R/gas extends the validity of the incentives parameters I4 and I5 until the end of the 
fourth incentive period for the balancing manager (4PI), that is to 31 December 2021.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
With Resolution No. 180/2020/R/gas, published on 27 May 2020, the Authority approved the reference 
revenues for gas transmission and metering services for 2021, which have been set at euro 2,121 million. RAB 
used to calculate the 2020 revenues for the transport and metering businesses has been set at euro 16.8 billion 
and includes forecasted investments to be carried out in 2020. Based on these revenues, the transport tariffs 
valid for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 have been defined. 
With resolution 291/2020/R/gas the higher costs incurred in 2018 and 2019 for the Unaccounted-For Gas 
(UFG) has been recognised, to the extent that the increase is derived from interventions carried out by Snam 
in order to improve the quality and reliability of gas metering in some entry points. The resolution has also 
started a procedure for the refinement of the UFG recognition criteria for the period 2020-2023 (the “5PRT”), 
aimed at strengthening its coherence and stability providing that the incentive force of the mechanism is 
determined on the basis of predefined unitary fees proportionate to remuneration of the metering service, 
instead of the price of gas, applied to volumes of UFG in excess or in defect compared to those approved by 
tariffs. 
With Resolution No. 539/2020/R/gas, published on 15 December 2020, the Authority evaluated the Ten Year 
Network Development Plans for years 2019 and 2020. Furthermore, the Authority made some adjustments to 
resolution No. 468/2018/R/gas concerning the minimum requirements for network investments plans to be 
applied starting from 2021. In order to assure inter-sectorial coordination, on 2 February 2021, Snam and Terna 
published a joint scenarios description document to be used as a basis for 2021 plans. The deadline for 2021 
plans submission was postponed to 31 March 2021.  
In December 2020 the resolution No. 569/2020/R/gas introduced an incentive mechanism related to the 
difference between the UFG recognised for a year and the UFG effectively recorded in the same year. The 
economic incentive is calculated by applying a unitary fee, equal to 3.3 €/MWh (3.5 c€/smc), to the difference 
between the actual and the recognised UFG, with a cap set at the value of the metering service remuneration. 
With Resolution No. 230/2021/R/gas, published on 3 June 2021, the Authority approved the reference revenues 
for gas transmission and metering services for 2022, which have been set at euro 2,191 million (SRG+ITG). 
The RAB used to calculate the 2020 revenues for the transport and metering businesses has been set at euro 
17.2 billion (SRG+ITG) and includes forecasted investments to be carried out in 2021. Based on these 
revenues, the transport tariffs valid for the period 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 have been defined. 
With Resolution No. 512/2021/R/gas, published on 23 November 2021, the Authority introduced a specific 
regulation for the reorganization of the metering activity in gas transmission, with the aim to improve the 
accuracy and reliability of measurements at delivery and redelivery points of the network. The new regulation 
defines roles and responsibilities of the different subjects in relation to metering and meter reading activities. 
It introduces specific (minimum and optimal) standards applied to the owners of the metering plants who will 
be subject, starting from 2024 onwards (after a first trialing period) to a penalty mechanism in case of non - 
compliance to the required quality levels. A right to transfer the metering plant ownership to the transmission 
company (taking over the activity) has also been introduced, envisaging the application of a regulated tariff 
(metering tariff CMcf) for the service provision (with a discount of 50% for 4 years to incentivize transfers). 
With Resolution No. 617/2021/R/gas, published on 27 December 2021, the Authority started the review 
process to set up provisions on tariffs and quality of the service for natural gas transportation and metering 
activities for the sixth regulatory period. As part of the procedure ARERA showed its intention to define the 
criteria for determining the reference revenues in coordination with the ROSS regulatory principles, based on 
total expenditure.  
With Resolution No. 195/2022/R/gas, published on 5 May 2022, the Authority has given mandate to Snam 
Rete Gas to define a methodology for assessing the state of health of the transport infrastructure (so-called 
asset health), to support decisions to replace obsolete or fully depreciated infrastructures, based on transparent 
and verifiable ex-post procedures. For this purpose the Authority has decided to pay Snam Rete Gas a one-off 
grant of 2 million euro for the development of the methodology, as a result of the certification and its adequacy 
to the goal setting. This methodology must be drawn up in coordination with the other transport companies

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
and submitted to public consultation and certification by an international third party with recognised 
experience in the field, by 31 December 2022.  
With Resolution No. 233/2022/R/gas, published on 1 June 2022, ARERA approved the reference revenues for 
gas transmission and metering services for 2023, which have been set at 2,415 million euro (SRG+ITG). RAB 
used to calculate the 2023 revenues for the transport and metering businesses has been set at 17.7 billion euro 
(SRG+ITG) and includes forecasted investments to be carried out in 2022. Based on these revenues, the 
transport tariffs valid for the period 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 have been defined. 
With Resolution No. 279/2022/R/gas, published on 30 June 2022, ARERA launched the proceeding for the 
implementation of the Prime Minister’s decree of 29 March 2022 regarding works and infrastructures 
necessary for the coal phase out in the Region of Sardinia. The Resolution No. 279/2022/R/gas established 
that Snam and Terna jointly develop a document on the demand scenarios for electricity and natural gas relating 
to the Region of Sardinia, as well as the preparation by Snam of a document containing information on the 
optimal infrastructural configuration of the Virtual Pipeline connecting Sardinia to the Italian mainland. The 
conclusion of the proceeding is set for 30 November 2022. The Region of Sardinia has requested, by means of 
a recent appeal to the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio (TAR Lazio-Roma), the cancellation of the 
mentioned Resolution 279/2022/R/gas and of the Prime Minister’s decree of 29 March 2022. The appeal has 
been rejected. The Region of Sardinia has appealed such decision before the Council of State; however, such 
appeal is pending.  
With Resolution No. 404/2022/R/gas, published on 4 August 2022, ARERA defined an incentive mechanism 
to support the innovation on gas infrastructures, through the definition of a specific regulation for the admission 
of the projects to the incentive scheme. The pilot projects will be divided in three areas:  
• 
area 1) methods for optimizing infrastructure management (i.e. bi-directional network, use of networks 
as energy storage facilities, LNG boil-off recovery);  
• 
area 2) innovative use of the existing gas infrastructures (i.e. integration in the networks of green gases 
production, interface between networks and electrolysers, interface between networks and power-to-gas 
with CCS technologies);  
• 
area 3) innovative investments finalised to increase energy efficiency (i.e. energy saving in the 
compressor stations). 
Applications for admission to the incentive mechanism may be submitted to the ARERA in the period between 
November 2022 and February 2023 and the results will be published by June 2023. The total amount of 
resources allocated to the incentive mechanism cannot exceed the overall value of 35 million euro. There is a 
maximum support ceiling for each single project, equal to 5 million euro for projects relating to areas 1 and 2, 
and equal to 2.5 million euro for projects relating to area 3. 
With Resolution No. 470/2022/R/gas, published on 7 October 2022, the Authority launched the procedure for 
the implementation of the judgment of the Council of State No. 4241/2022 on the coordination between 
transportation and distribution companies in the preparation of the TYDP, postponing the deadline for the 
presentation of the 2023 Plan to 31 December 2023 and also providing for a joint consultation and evaluation 
with the 2024 Plan (both to be elaborated on the basis of the same preliminary documents, i.e. reference 
scenarios and CBA application criteria). 
The Resolution also launched a consultation on the changes to the Minimum Requirements of the TYDP and 
to the Criteria of the Cost-Benefit Analysis regarding the coordination between transportation companies and 
distribution companies in the areas of new methanization (in particular in relation to the information to be 
presented in support and integration of the project), with comments to be submitted by 14 November 2022. 
With Resolution No. 122/2023/R/gas, published on 28 March 2022, the Authority provided for modification 
of the minimum requirements for the consultation and evaluation of the Plans and for the cost-benefit analysis 
of the development interventions of the natural gas transport network referred to in resolution 468/2018/R/gas

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
and the related Annex, as a result of the proceeding initiated with resolution 470/2022/R/gas to implement the 
sentence of the Council of State, Sixth Section, 26 May 2022, n. 4241, regarding the evaluation criteria of the 
Plans (formal plan) and regarding the coordination between transport and distribution companies (substantial 
plan). 
With Resolution No. 527/2022/R/gas, published on 28 October 2022, the Authority launched the procedure 
for the adoption of regulatory criteria according to the “ROSS-integrale” model, to be primarily applied to the 
main gas transportation system operator and to the electricity transmission operator. The procedure is expected 
to be concluded (i) by 31 December 2023 with respect to the issuance framework-resolution containing the 
general criteria of the “ROSS-integrale” regulation and (ii) by 31 December 2024 with respect to the issuance 
of specific measures for the regulated services. On 18 October 2022, ARERA approved the Resolution No. 
501/2022/R/gas on Preliminary certification of Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. and Infrastutture Trasporto Gas S.p.A., 
as natural gas transmission operators in ownership unbundling. The resolution has been published on Arera 
website on 4 November 2022. Lastly, on 5 May 2023 ARERA published the Resolution 140/2023/R/gas thus 
certifying Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. and Infrastutture Trasporto Gas S.p.A., as natural gas transmission operators 
with an ownership unbundling scheme (see “Ownership Unbundling” for details and updates). 
With Resolution 440/2022/R/gas, published on 23 September 2022, ARERA defined some revisions on the 
default transportation service. In particular, the following actions are envisaged: (i) obligation to undertake a 
guarantee for a period equal to one month of supply of the service; (ii) anticipation of the disconnection 
(anticipo della discatura) (for customers directly connected to the transport network) and activation of last 
resort services (for distribution users) in all cases of non-undertaking of the guarantee or non-payment of an 
invoice; (iii) possibility for Snam Rete Gas, on a temporary and exceptional basis, to supply gas for the granting 
of the service also through purchases prior to the gas day, through a mechanism to be proposed by Snam Rete 
Gas and approved by the Authority; (iv) integration of the fee for the service with an additional fee which also 
includes the financial cost incurred by Snam Rete Gas for approximately two months running from the supply 
of the service until the billing of gas. 
In addition, the TSOs were given a mandate (to be fulfilled by 10 October 2022) to set up extraordinary 
capacity allocations and, upon the request of the user, to extend the allocations already set up for September 
of the thermal year 2021-2022 until 31 October 2022. With Resolution 696/2022/R/gas, published on 23 
December 2022, ARERA has positively evaluated the 2021 and 2022 ten-year development plans for the gas 
transmission networks presented by Snam Rete Gas S.p.A.. In particular, ARERA launched a urgent procedure 
for a specific assessment of such ten-year network development plans with specific reference to the request of 
Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. for an urgent evaluation of the  project to upgrade the so called “Adriatic Line” . With 
Resolution 108/2023/R/gas, published on 21 March 2023, the Authority, following the urgent assessment 
process launched with Resolution 696/2022/R/gas expressed its positive assessment of the "Adriatic Line" 
upgrade project proposed by Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. 
With Resolution 723/2022/R/gas, published on 29 December 2022, the Authority defined the incentive 
mechanism for the maintenance in operation of the fully depreciated gas transmission networks, with the 
experimental adoption of the mechanism for the period 2023-2027 and its possible revision during the 
application of the ROSS (“Regolazione per Obiettivi di Spesa e di Servizio”) integral model. The incentive 
has been set at 1% of the revalued historical cost of assets fully amortized for less than ten years and equal to 
0.5% for assets depreciated for more than ten years. The first application of the incentive scheme is envisaged 
with competence relating to the year 2023, with a specific request to be formulated together with the tariff 
proposals. 
With Resolution 139/2023/R/gas, published on 5 April 2023, the Authority defined the tariff regulation criteria 
for the natural gas transportation service for the sixth regulatory period (6PRT), in force from 1 January 2024 
to 31 December 2027. The structure of the reference revenues of the transmission service provided for in the 
5PRT is confirmed and the definition of the application of the ROSS is referred to a subsequent document for 
consultation. Revenues for transmission network operators are divided into: (i) reference revenues for tariffs, 
relevant for the calculation of tariff fees, in continuity with current regulatory criteria; (ii) allowed revenues, 
determined in application of the basic ROSS criteria that will be defined later. In the absence of adoption of

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
the measure by the end of 2023, the reference revenues for the tariffs will constitute the allowed revenues. 
With reference to the WACC parameters not already defined under the TIWACC (“testo integrato per la 
determinazione e l'aggiornamento del tasso di remunerazione del capitale investito”), both the value of 
the gearing parameter currently in force, equal to 0.500, and the β-asset parameter currently in force, equal to 
0.384, are confirmed. For the treatment of work in progress (WIPs), decreasing rates of return are applied, in 
particular: WIPs relating to years t-1 and t-2 are remunerated at the reduced WACC calculated with a D/E ratio 
equal to 4, currently equal to 4.8%; WIPs relating to years t-3 and t-4 are remunerated at the cost of debt Kd, 
currently 1.86%; and older WIPs are excluded from remuneration. The current criteria for determining 
economic-technical depreciation are confirmed, based on the conventional durations already defined in 5PRT. 
A specific asset class is introduced for extraordinary maintenance aimed at keeping pipelines operational with 
a useful life of 15 years (within the limit of 10% of the revalued historical cost of the main asset). Pursuant to 
Resolution 723/2022/R/gas, an incentive is granted for the maintenance of fully depreciated networks (1% of 
the revalued historical cost of the asset subject to incentives, reduced to 0.5% for pipelines in operation that 
have ended their regulatory useful life for more than 10 years). An incentive is also granted for the efficient 
operation of dual fuel compressor plants (50% of the share of revenue deriving from the offer of flexibility 
services on the dispatching services market (MSD) with a cap of 4 million euro/year and 50% of the revenues 
deriving from participation in the white certificate mechanism). With reference to consumption, network 
losses, UFG (“Unaccounted-for gas”) and Emission trading costs: 
- the level of the premium/penalty for UFG is revised to 6.86 €/MWh (compared to 3.33 €/MWh of 5PRT), 
extending it to network losses; 
- a specific incentive mechanism is introduced for dual fuel power plants energy costs, to optimize the 
consumption profile on an intraday basis based on the market prices of electricity and gas; 
- adjustments relating to consumption, losses, UFG and ETS (“Emission Trading System”) costs are managed 
through the Cassa per i Servizi Energetici e Ambientali (“CSEA”) during the year and in the final balance in 
the year t+1. 
The tariff methodology for determining the capacity fees (so-called "Capacity-Weighted Distance" or “CWD”) 
is confirmed, modifying the entry/exit split used in the 5PRT from 28/72 to 25/75. 
With resolution 140/2023/R/gas published on 5th May 2023, the Authority adopted the final certification 
decision of Snam Rete Gas S.p.A. and Infrastrutture Trasporto Gas, as natural gas transportation operators 
under ownership unbundling. 
With Resolution 163/2023/R/Gas, published on 20 April 2023, the Authority published the "Integrated text of 
the criteria and general principles of regulation based on expenditure and service objectives for the period 
2024-2031 (TIROSS 2024-2031)". The resolution illustrates the characteristics of the new tariff regulation 
framework for infrastructure services in the electricity and gas sectors (TIROSS). The new tariff system is 
organized according to the logic of the decoupling tariff, with fees applied to the customers of the service 
(calculated ex-ante, usually in the year preceding the year of application) decoupled from the parameters used 
for the sizing of the allowed revenues to cover the costs of the service (determined ex-post, normally in the 
year T + 2). The balance between the actual revenues and the allowed revenues of the companies will be 
guaranteed by appropriate equalization mechanisms. An efficiency incentive based on total expenditure is 
introduced and calculated in each year on the highest efficiencies achieved compared to the previous year, with 
the homogeneous incentive throughout the regulatory period, depending on the difference between the allowed 
total expenditure and the actual total expenditure. The determination of the capitalization rate will be based on 
recent historical data with forward-looking adjustments, as well as the adoption of capitalization rates 
differentiated by company, which will grant a minimum level of flexibility in the choices relating to the single 
regulated services.  
With resolution 234/2023/R/gas published on 31 May 2023, the Authority approved the recognised revenues 
and tariff fees for the natural gas transmission and metering service for the year 2024. The recognised revenues 
for the natural gas transmission and metering service for 2024 amounted to 2,538 million euro (not counting

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
44 million euro of approved incentives for the maintenance in operation of the fully depreciated gas 
transmission networks). The RAB used to calculate 2024 revenues is equal to 18.5 billion euro and includes 
the estimated investments for the year 2023.  
With Resolution 497/2023/R/gas, published on 2 Novembre 2023, the Authority sets the “Criteria for the 
application of the regulation based on expenditures and service objectives (ROSS) for natural gas 
transportation services and electricity transmission, distribution and metering services”. The Resolution 
envisages to aligne the regulatory lag of depreciation with that of the return on capital, starting from the 
investments entering into operation in the year 2024. For the purposes of the revaluation of capital costs with 
the gross fixed investment deflator, it is envisaged that these are recognised with a one-year regulatory lag, by 
means of an update that takes into account a deflator with base 1 for the year t-1 determined on the basis of the 
actual values of the deflator for the same year t-1, also by means of an ex-post update of the change in the 
deflator. Pending the application of the ROSS-integral (which provides for the formulation business plans by 
operators), the application of efficiency measures is confirmed applied to operating costs only, with recognition 
on the basis of actual expenditure for investments. The operators will have the possibility to choose between 
two alternative schemes of efficiency measures to be applied to operating costs, a low incentive power solution 
(SBP) and a high incentive power solution (SAP), with different efficiency factors and withholding of 
efficiencies between the two. Capitalisation rates, useful to define the amount of expenditures to be recognized 
in the same year (fast money) and the one to be recognized in the RAB (slow money), are differentiated by 
operator, using, for the purpose of determining the rates for the years 2024 and 2025, the average of the 
capitalisation rates for the years 2021-2025 and providing for a recalculation mechanism in the year 2025 for 
the capitalisation rates for the years 2026 and 2027. In relation to the treatment of work in progress assets 
(WIPs), they will be revalued using the gross fixed capital deflator, in line with other capital cost items, and 
remunerated with a reduced WACC (determined considering a D/E ratio equal to 4) for the entire eligibility 
period (normally 4 years, extendebles to 6 under particular conditions). With regard to the tariff decoupling, 
the Resolution envisage that all available information that will affect the level of ex-post allowed revenues 
shall be taken into account in the ex-ante reference revenues (relevant for the determination of tariff levels), 
thus minimising the need for adjustments. In particular, the possibility of advance payments is introduced, 
including the possible update of the WACC if known prior to the determination of the ex-post allowed 
revenues. 
With Resolution 532/2023/R/gas, published on 22 November 2023, the Authority approved some amendments 
to the Minimum Requirements for the Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA) for gas transportation network 
development investments and approved the Application Criteria for the CBA prepared by Snam Rete Gas. In 
addition, the Resolution provides for an exemption from the obligation to apply the CBA for the Network 
Development Plans for the year 2023. 
With Resolution 590/2023/R/gas, published on 14 December 2023, the Authority published the list of projects 
admitted to the bonus tariff mechanism in support of innovation as per Resolution 404/2022/R/Gas. Of the 26 
project applications, submitted by 12 operators, 21 were considered eligible for the bonus mechanism. The 
amount of the incentives assigned to the projects admitted to the bonus mechanism is equal to €30.8 million. 
With particular reference to Snam Rete Gas, 4 projects have been admitted to the trial, for a total incentive of 
7.3 M€ (in the form of a non-repayable grant) to cover innovative investments not falling within the regulated 
perimeter. The selected projects are as follows 
- 
Methane detector system: Installation of an IoT (internet of things) sensor in compression plants for 
the identification and quantification of natural gas leaks. The sensor will be able to continuously 
monitor Snam's infrastructure without the need for field operators. 
- 
Power to hydrogen Contursi: Construction of a plant for the production of hydrogen from renewable 
sources (P2H) and related hydrogen injection into the transportation network up to a maximum of 10% 
of the volume.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
- 
Turboexpander Taranto: Installation of a turboexpander in a decompression cabin in order to produce 
electricity for sale to the grid, recovering energy from the pressure drop of natural gas in the pressure 
reduction phase. 
H2 separation membranes: Installation and testing of a palladium membrane for the separation of hydrogen 
from a natural gas-hydrogen mixture. 
With resolution 216/2024/R/gas published on 30 May 2024, the Authority approved the recognised revenues 
and tariff fees for the natural gas transmission and metering service for the year 2025. The recognised revenues 
for the natural gas transmission and metering service for 2025 amount to Euro 2,807 million (excluding 50.5 
million euro of approved incentives for the maintenance of the fully depreciated gas transmission networks in 
operation). The RAB used to calculate the revenues for 2025 is equal to Euro 19.6 billion and includes the 
estimated investments for the year 2024. 
With Resolution 392/2024/R/com, published on 3 October 2024, the Authority approved specific guidelines 
for joint gas and electricity transmission scenarios, following the public consultation 239/2024/R/com. The 
three most significant innovations that are introduced concern: a new deadline for the publications of the 
scenario documents (10th October 2024 for the 2025 Plans), a new activity to collect information from current 
and potential network users and a process of public discussion on the very long-term (25 years) perspectives 
of the energy system. 
Regasification 
With Resolution 438/2013/R/gas, published on 9 October 2013, the ARERA defined the tariff criteria for the 
regasification service applicable for the fourth regulatory period (1 January 2014 to 31 December 2017). Such 
criteria established that: 
- 
the valuation of the net invested capital (RAB) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost method; 
- 
the base return rate (WACC) of net invested capital is set at 7.3% in real terms before taxes19. In order 
to cover the so called “regulatory lag” related to the time delay in the recognition of the new 
investments in the RAB, a +1% increase of WACC is applied to those investments carried out after 31 
December 2013;  
- 
new investments carried out from the financial year 2014 onwards, and aimed at increasing the 
regasification capacity of existing terminals by more than 30% or building new terminals, are 
incentivised with a premium of 2% above the base WACC, for 16 years. Investments carried out until 
31 December 2013 keep the incentivised treatments applied in the previous regulatory periods. The 
ARERA has launched a process for the adoption of a resolution on output based incentivisation 
mechanisms for new investments according to selectivity criteria; 
- 
the revenues component related to depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the useful 
economic and technical life of the relevant assets set by the ARERA; 
- 
in regard to the tariff structure, 100% of the total revenue is allocated to the capacity component. 
Around 64% of the revenues are guaranteed through a revenue coverage factor; 
- 
the dismantling costs are covered though a specific capacity charge; 
- 
the tariffs are updated using the price cap methodology applied only to the component related to 
operating costs, with a productivity recovery coefficient to be defined by the ARERA; and 
 
19  The base return established in Resolution 438/2013/R/gas was valid for the years 2014-2015. From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are 
defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
- 
the revenue component related to the return and depreciation is updated on the basis of an annual 
recalculation of invested capital and additional revenues from the incentives for investments realised 
in prior regulatory periods. 
With Resolution 583/2015/R/com, published on 2 December 2015, the ARERA issued the criteria to calculate 
and update the base return rate (WACC) for the gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period 1 January 
2016 - 31 December 2021. For the years 2016 and 2017 the base return rate (WACC) is set at 6.6% for 
regasification business. 
With Resolution No. 653/2017/R/gas, published on 2 October 2017, ARERA defined the tariff criteria for the 
gas regasification activity during the Transitory Period 2018-2019. Such criteria establish that: 
• 
investments carried out in year t-1 will be included in RAB for tariff determination of year t, 
substituting 1% of additional return used to cover the regulatory time-lag. 
• 
The current asset β parameter is confirmed for the Transitory Period 2018-2019. The current rate of 
return, equal to 6.6% in real terms pre-tax, is therefore confirmed for 2018 and will be updated by 
January 2019 with the expected adjustments of the basic parameters. 
• 
Current input-based incentive scheme (2% for 16 years) will be applied to new development 
investments entered into operation by 31 December 2017. An input-based incentive scheme (1.5% for 
12 years) will be applied to development investments of new regasification capacity entering into 
operation in years 2018 and 2019. The 1% additional return to cover the regulatory time-lag is applied 
to the investments carried out in the period 1 January 2014 - 31 December 2016. 
• 
Cost base used for the fourth Regulatory Period will be rolled forward according to inflation and a 
productivity factor (X-factor). 
• 
The current revenues guarantee scheme is confirmed for the transitory period.  
With Resolution No. 660/2017/R/gas, published on 2 October 2017, the ARERA introduced a competitive 
mechanism for the allocation of regasification capacity. The Resolution anticipated an ascending clock auction 
algorithm for the allocation of annual and multi-annual regasification capacity and pay-as-bid auctions for the 
allocation of regasification capacity for periods of less than one year. It is also expected to extend up to 15 
years the period for the allocation of multi-annual regasification capacity (currently up to 5 years). 
With Resolution No. 695/2018 /R/gas, published on 21 December 2018, the ARERA approved the allowed 
revenues and the tariffs for regasification service for the year 2019, set at euro 26.8 million, as well as the 
definitive revenues for 2018, taking into account the actual capitalisation of 2017. RAB used to calculate 2019 
revenues is euro 108.6 million and includes the provisional investments carried out in 2018. 
With Resolution No. 474/2019/R/gas, published on 21 November 2019 the ARERA defined the tariff criteria 
for the 5th regulatory period for the regasification business (1 January 2020 – 31 December 2023). Such 
criteria establish that: 
 
• 
the regulatory period is confirmed 4 years (2020-2023); 
• 
the valuation of the net invested capital (“RAB”) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost methodology; 
• 
the asset Beta parameter is confirmed at 0.524 for the period 2020-2023, giving a WACC on net invested 
capital equal to 6.8% in real terms before taxes for years 2020-202120; 
• 
work in progress is excluded from RAB calculation from 2020 (safeguard clause for WIPs in RAB at 
31/12/2019), compensated by the allowance of the interest expense related to the investment into 
 
20 From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
operation; 
• 
allowed Depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the useful economic and technical life 
of the relevant assets set by the ARERA (unchanged with respect to previous regulatory period, except 
for the introduction of a new asset class called “5-years other tangible assets”); 
• 
allowed Opex of the reference year will be calculated on the basis of the last available certified cost year 
(2018). In the following years of the regulatory period the allowed opex will be updated through the RPI-
X methodology (increased for inflation and decreased by an efficiency factor); 
• 
costs related to the Emission Trading System (ETS) are allowed with specific mechanisms to sterilize the 
price risk and any differences between the estimate of the value of the reference driver and the value of 
the final driver; 
• 
the guarantee factor at 64% has been confirmed. 
 
With Resolution No. 43/2020/R/gas, published on 19 February 2020, the ARERA approved the allowed 
revenues and the tariffs for regasification service for the year 2020, set at euro 25.1 million (+ euro 3.1 million 
to cover variable electricity costs and ETS costs), as well as the definitive revenues for 2019, taking into 
account the actual capitalisation of 2018. RAB used to calculate 2020 revenues is euro 121.8 million and 
includes the provisional investments carried out in 2019. 
With Resolution No. 229/2020/R/gas, published on 26 June 2020, the ARERA approved the allowed revenues 
and the tariffs for regasification service for the year 2021, set at euro 26.6 million (+ euro 4.3 million to cover 
variable electricity costs and ETS costs), as well as the definitive revenues for 2020, taking into account the 
actual capitalisation of 2019. RAB used to calculate 2021 revenues is euro 129 million and includes the 
provisional investments carried out in 2020. 
With Resolution No. 268/2021/R/gas, published on 30 June 2021, the ARERA approved the allowed revenues 
and the tariffs for regasification service for the year 2022, set at euro 28.9 million (plus euro 8.1 million to 
cover variable electricity costs and ETS costs), as well as the definitive revenues for 2021, taking into account 
the actual capitalisation of 2020. RAB used to calculate 2022 revenues is euro 146 million and includes the 
provisional investments carried out in 2020. 
With Resolution No. 632/21/R/gas, the ARERA approved the non-application of the transportation charges to 
the users of the regasification service for the allocations following the adoption of this measure that provide 
for the delivery of LNG no later than 31 March 2022. 
With Resolution No. 97/2022/R/gas, published on 9 March 2022, the Authority attempted to increase the 
security of supply and the availability of gas, in particular by encouraging the entry of additional volumes of 
natural gas from the interconnection points with systems of non-European countries and favoring the filling of 
storage in the short term. In particular, the Resolution has extended the transportation charges non-application 
to the users of the regasification service, approved in the Resolution No. 632/21/R/gas, for the allocations 
following the adoption of this measure that provide for the delivery of LNG no later than 30 September 2022. 
With Resolution 240/2022/R/gas, published on 3 June 2022, ARERA set the parameters for the calculation of 
the reserve prices for annual and multi-year regasification capacity allocation procedures, providing that the 
allocation fees for those allocation procedures shall be inclusive of transportation capacity costs; the 
differences between the transportation capacity charges that will be sustained by the users compared to those 
determined on the basis of tariff updates will be compensated between GNL Italia and CSEA. 
With Resolution No. 278/2022/R/gas, published on 30 June 2022, ARERA approved the allowed revenues and 
the tariffs for regasification service for the year 2023, set at 31.4 million euro (plus 6.4 million euro to cover 
variable electricity costs and ETS costs), as well as the definitive revenues for 2022, taking into account the 
actual capitalisation of 2021. RAB used to calculate 2023 revenues is 164 million euro and includes the 
provisional investments carried out in 2021.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
With Resolution No. 356/2022/R/gas, published on 29 July 2022, ARERA launched the procedure to define 
LNG regasification tariff methodology for the 6th Regulatory Period (6PR GNL). The proceedings, which 
conclusion is set to 15 April 2023, will be developed in coordination with the proceedings started with 
Resolution 271/2021/R/gas for the definition of the ROSS-base criteria (Totex). 
With Resolution 144/2023/R/gas, published on 6 April 2023, ARERA defined capacity products and methods 
for the selection of offers for the regasification capacity available at the Snam FSRU Italia terminal based in 
Piombino, integrating the procedure approved with resolution 28/2023/R/gas in order to maximize the 
revenues deriving from the capacity booking process. In particular, the Authority has defined the following 
products that Snam FSRU Italia will be able to offer on the market and the relative methods of conferment: 
- Product 1: ten thermal years from 2023/2024 to 2033/2034;  
- Product 2: three thermal years from 2023/2024 to 2025/2026; 
- Product 3: seven thermal years from 2027/2028 to 2033/2034;  
With resolution 196/2023/R/gas published on 11 May 2023, the Authority defined the tariff regulation criteria 
for the natural gas regasification service for the sixth regulatory period (6PRT LNG), in force from 1 January 
2024 to 31 December 2027. The current structure of reference revenues is confirmed and the assessment of the 
opportunity to extend the criteria for the recognition of costs based on total expenditure (ROSS approach) is 
postponed to the next regulatory period. With reference to costs for base electricity consumption, companies 
can choose at the beginning of the regulatory period and for its entire duration whether to include it in the 
reference revenues (subject to a 64% guarantee) or in the revenues covering the consumption of the 
regasification chain. 
With Resolution 16/2024/R/gas, published on 1 February 2024, ARERA approved the procedure for the first 
assignment of newly created regassification capacity and the “Regassification Code” of Ravenna FSRU. 
With reference to the WACC parameters not already defined under the TIWACC, the values currently in force 
of both the gearing parameter, equal to 0.500, and the β-asset parameter, equal to 0.524 (pending the revision 
of the β-asset parameter update criteria scheduled for 2025) are confirmed. 
With reference to the determination of depreciation, in analogy with storage activities, the calculation is based 
on investments related to the previous year (t-1) instead of year t-2 (as in the previous regulation period). 
With reference to the guarantee factor in case of actual revenues greater than recognised reference revenues, 
the revenues exceeding the reference revenues will be returned to the system. With resolution 279/2023/R/gas 
published on 22 June 2023, ARERA approved the recognized revenues and tariff fees for the regasification 
service for 2024, as well as for the Piombino terminal also for 2023. 
With regard to the Panigaglia terminal, the tariffs for 2024 were determined on the basis of reference revenues 
of euro  34.8 million and energy costs of approximately euro  4.6 million. The RAB for the LNG regasification 
activity is equal to 170.8 million euro. 
With regard to the Piombino terminal, the tariffs for 2023 were determined on the basis of reference revenues 
of euro 32.2 million (reproportioned on the basis of annual revenues of euro 50.1 million) and energy costs of 
approximately euro 2.6 million. The RAB for LNG regasification activities amounts to 350.9 million euro. 
The tariffs for 2024 have been determined on the basis of reference revenues of 86.3 million euro and energy 
costs of approximately 7.3 million euro. The RAB for LNG regasification activities is equal to 469.5 million 
euro. 
With resolution 288/2023/R/gas published on 29 June 2023, the Authority adopted measures for the definition 
of reserve prices for the contributions of regasification capacity at the beginning of the thermal year, providing 
that:

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
- the fees for annual and multiannual capacity booking are inclusive of the transport capacity costs approved 
at the time of delivery; 
- the possibility for users to request the application of the transport capacity fees will be annually approved by 
the Authority, instead of the transport capacity costs as defined in the previous point; 
- the regasification companies send ARERA annually, as part of the certification of revenues referred to in 
the RTRG (“Regolazione Tariffaria del servizio di Rigassificazione del Gas naturale”), a report of the 
higher or lower transport capacity costs in relation to the regasification capacity booking process.  
With Resolution 253/2024/R/gas, published on 28 June 2024, the Authority approved recognized revenues and 
tariff fees for the regasification service for 2025.  
With regard to the Panigaglia terminal, the tariffs for the year 2025 were determined on the basis of reference 
revenues of €Euro 6.6 million and energy costs of approximately Euro 7.4 million. The RAB for LNG 
regasification activity is equal to Euro 190.4 million. 
With regard to the Piombino terminal, the tariffs for the year 2025 were determined on the basis of reference 
revenues of Euro 94 million and energy costs of approximately Euro 7.2 million. The RAB for LNG 
regasification activity is equal to Euro 447.1 million. 
With regard to the Ravenna terminal, the tariffs for the year 2025 were determined on the basis of reference 
revenues of Euro 99.2 million and energy costs of approximately Euro 7.2 million. The RAB for LNG 
regasification activity is equal to Euro 412.5 million. 
Storage 
With Resolution 531/2014/R/gas published on 31 October 2014, the ARERA established the calculation 
criteria for the storage reference revenues for the fourth regulatory period (1 January 2015 to 31 December 
2018). Such criteria establish that: 
- 
the valuation of the net capital invested (RAB) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost method. In 
order to neutralise the so called “regulatory lag” related to the time delay in the recognition of the new 
investments, the RAB is determined on the basis of year y-1; 
- 
the base return rate (WACC) of net capital invested is set at a real rate of 6.0% before taxes21 and will 
be revised for the year 2016; 
- 
incentives for new capacity carried out after 31 December 2014 provide for a retention for eight years 
of the 20% of new capacity auction revenues if above the reference. For more details on the 
remuneration of new investments of previous regulatory periods refer to Article 3.7 and Article 5.2 of 
the attachment A of the Resolution 531/2014/R/gas; 
- 
the revenues component related to the depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the 
useful economic and technical life of the relevant assets set by the ARERA. The gross fixed asset is 
calculated net of public and private grants; 
- 
as in the third regulatory period, restoration costs are covered through a revenue component. A 
mechanism for adjusting any differences arising from the total restoration costs paid to the storage 
company and the costs actually sustained for restoration of the storage sites is also confirmed; 
- 
the revenues component related to operating costs reflects the amount of accounting costs at the 
beginning of the regulatory period plus operating extra-efficiency from the previous periods allowed 
to be retained by the ARERA; 
 
21  The base return established in Resolution 531/2014/R/gas was valid for the year 2015. From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are defined in 
Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
- 
the method for updating the price cap tariffs is RPI-X: increased for inflation and decreased by an 
annual productivity recovery coefficient to be defined by the ARERA. The price cap method is applied 
only to the component related to operating costs; 
- 
the revenue components related to returns and depreciation are determined on the basis of the annual 
update of net invested capital (RAB). In particular, as in the third regulatory period, the depreciation 
is not subject to the price-cap mechanism; and 
- 
the guarantee mechanism is applied to the total reference revenues and guarantees, for year 2015, about 
97% of them. A following resolution by ARERA will define the guarantee level for the period 1 
January 2016 to 31 December 201822. 
The resolution extends until 31 March 2015 the application of the annual tariffs for the storage service for 
2014, approved by ARERA through Resolution 350/2013/R/gas.  
Resolution 531/2014/R/gas has been challenged by Stogit before the competent Judicial Authority (TAR 
Lombardia). 
On 13 February 2015, the ARERA published Resolution 49/2015/R/gas (“Provisions for the allocation of the 
storage capacities for the thermal storage year 2015-2016 and storage tariff definition”), which defined how 
the regulated tariffs would be calculated, how the auction procedure would be organised and how storage 
capacity would be allocated for the 2015-2016 thermal year, pursuant to the decree issued by the Ministry of 
Economic Development on 6 February 2015. The Resolution postpones to a subsequent Resolution the 
provisions for amending the timeframes for settlement to ensure that storage companies have a revenue flow 
equivalent to that received under the application of regulated tariffs. 
On 17 April 2015, the ARERA published Resolution 171/2015/R/gas (“Provisions on settlement related to 
storage services for the 2015-2016 thermal year”), which neutralises, in terms of revenue flow, the possible 
differences between the regulated fees defined by the ARERA and those derived by auction procedures, due 
to the provisions of Resolution 49/2015/R/gas. 
With Resolution 182/2015/R/gas published on 29 April 2015, the ARERA defined the incentive mechanism 
for the new withdrawal storage capacity provided by Decree Law No. 133/2014. Such Resolution applies to 
the peak supply capacity additional to the one offered in the thermal year of storage 2015-2016 and the access 
to the mechanism is allowed for investment purposes and is not made in implementation of legal obligations 
and is subject to the provision of minimum benefits related to the new capacity. In addition, the mechanism 
provides for an incentive that differentiates between new operators and existing operators and there are 
penalties if the actual performance does not meet minimum thresholds or are not made available within the 
thermal year 2021-2022. 
The requests for access to the mechanism were to be submitted by operators of storage to the ARERA by 30 
September 2015 and, in case of the boosting of existing sites, the mentioned request must include an 
irrevocable renunciation to further incentive mechanisms obtained with reference to such site. The ARERA 
will subsequently decide within 90 days of receipt of the request, complete with all the documentation indicated 
within Resolution 182/2015/R/gas. 
With Resolution 583/2015/R/com, published on 2 December 2015, the ARERA issued the criteria to calculate 
and update the base return rate (WACC) for the gas and electricity regulated businesses for the period 1 January 
2016 - 31 December 2021. For the years 2016, 2017 and 2018 the base return rate (WACC) is set at 6.5% for 
storage business. 
With Resolution 652/2015/R/gas (“Provisions on safeguarding of the new investments carried out by storage 
companies and entered into operation until 31 December 2015”), published on 23 December 2015, the ARERA 
recognised to investments entered into operation until 31 December 2015 the same incentivised treatments that 
 
22  Ref. to Resolution 389/2017/R/gas.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
applied in the previous regulatory period ended at 31 December 2014 (i.e. higher return compared to the 
WACC equal to 4% for a period from 8 to 16 years, in relation to the type of investment).  
With Resolution 589/2017/R/gas, published on 7 August 2017, the ARERA defined the rules to neutralise, in 
terms of revenue flow, the possible differences between the regulated fees and those derived by auction 
procedures. With the same Resolution the ARERA concluded the in-depth analysis about the technical 
performances provided by Stogit storage sites, launched with Resolution 323/2016/R/gas: given the results of 
the analysis, the ARERA decided to maintain the value of γ (the key parameter for the calculation of the 
guarantee mechanism) equal to 1 for the remaining part of the current regulatory period (2015-2018). 
Following those results, the ARERA has also decided to start a proceeding to define an incentive mechanism 
aimed at incentivising the storage companies to maximise the value of the storage resources offered to the 
market, to be completed by the end of January 2018. 
With Resolution No. 68/2018/R/gas, published on 9 February 2018, the Authority extended the current tariff 
criteria for the storage service for the year 2019 and started the procedure for the revision of the tariff and 
quality criteria for the fifth regulation period (5PRS), which will start from the year 2020, aligning with the 
regulatory periods of gas transmission and LNG regasification. The current value of the Beta asset parameter 
is also confirmed for the year 2019. 
With Resolution 614/2018/R/gas, published on 30 November 2018, the Authority introduced an incentive 
mechanism for the offer of short-term storage capacities, additional to those envisaged in the base storage 
services. The mechanism is based on the retaining by Stogit of a percentage of the revenues obtained by the 
new services (profit sharing). 
With Resolution 67/2019/R/gas, published on 27 February 2019, the Authority rationalised and integrated into 
a Consolidated Law (RAST) the provisions relating to access and provision of Storage Services. With 
particular reference to the methods of determining the regulated fees, the RAST provides for the sterilization 
of the effects deriving from the assignment of capacity with market mechanisms at fees lower than the tariff 
as well as the incentive criteria to maximize the offer of storage services. In particular, the resolution provides 
for the compensation through the Energy and Environmental Services Fund (CSEA) of the price difference 
between the storage tariff and the auction allocation price applied to the assigned capacity, as well as the 
compensation of the costs for the purchase of the transport capacities supported by storage companies. 
With Resolution 297/2019/R/gas, published on 10 July 2019, the Authority approved the definitive allowed 
revenues for the storage activity for the year 2019, which have been set at euro 499 million. RAB used to 
calculate the 2019 revenues for the storage business has been set at euro 4 billion and includes investments 
carried out in 2018. 
With Resolution 419/2019/R/gas, published on 23 October 2019, the ARERA issued the criteria for defining 
storage tariffs for the fifth regulatory period (1 January 2020 to 31 December 2025) confirming the main 
regulatory principles already in place. Such criteria establish that: 
• 
the regulatory period is extended from 4 to 6 years (2020-2025), with a mid-period review of the X-
factor; 
• 
the valuation of the net invested capital (“RAB”) is based on the re-evaluated historical cost 
methodology; 
• 
the asset Beta parameter is confirmed at 0,506 for the period 2020-2025, giving a WACC on net 
invested capital equal to 6.7% in real terms before taxes for years 2020-202123; 
• 
Work in progress are excluded from RAB but interests expenditures (IPCO) are allowed, in continuity 
with the criteria of the 4th regulatory period; 
 
23  From 2016 the criteria for WACC calculation are defined in Resolution 583/2015/R/com, as mentioned above.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
• 
Allowed Depreciation of the asset base is calculated on the basis of the useful economic and technical 
life of the relevant assets set by the ARERA (unchanged with respect to previous regulatory period, 
except for the introduction of a new asset class called “5-years other tangible assets”); 
• 
Allowed Opex of the reference year will be calculated on the basis of the last available certified cost 
year (2018). In the following years of the regulatory period the allowed opex will be updated through 
the RPI-X methodology (increased for inflation and decreased by an efficiency factor); 
• 
Costs related to the Emission Trading System (ETS) are allowed with specific mechanisms to sterilize 
the price risk and any differences between the estimate of the value of the reference driver and the 
value of the final driver; 
• 
Storage companies must send an annual monitoring report about the expected level of service to offer 
to the users, in order to allow the Authority to monitor the consistency with the level of the services 
actually provided. In the event of excessive misalignments, the ARERA will be able to initiate specific 
procedures also aimed at re-proportioning the revenues recognised to the company; 
• 
The current guarantee mechanism on the reference revenues is confirmed, providing for 100% 
complete coverage of the reference revenues (vs. the current 97%). It is also envisaged that storage 
companies may request access, on an optional basis, to an enhanced incentive mechanism, with a 
reduction in the portion of guaranteed revenue as counterpart. 
With Resolution No. 535/2019/R/gas, published on 19 December 2019, the ARERA approved the allowed 
revenues for 2020, based on preliminary estimates of 2019 investments entered into operation. Reference 
revenues has been set at euro 491 million and RAB equal to about euro 4 billion (investments carried out in 
2019). 
With Resolution 232/2020/R/gas, published on 23 June 2020, the Authority extends the incentive scheme 
developed with Resolution 614/2018/R/gas (profit sharing of the short-term revenues) to 31 December 2020. 
The resolution requires the storage companies to submit an incentive proposal for the following calendar year 
by 30 November of each year. The Authority also provides that storage companies can voluntarily access an 
enhanced incentive mechanism which, in the face of a reduction in guaranteed revenues, increases the level of 
profit sharing applied to revenues from the sale of short-term services. By 30 November 2020 the storage 
companies can submit an application to access the enhanced incentive mechanism for the two-year period 
2021-2022.  
With Resolution No. 275/2020/R/gas, published on 23 July 2020, the ARERA approved the allowed 
revenues for 2021, based on preliminary estimates of 2020 investments entered into operation. Reference 
revenues has been set at euro 486 million and RAB equal to about euro 4 billion (investments carried out in 
2020). 
 
With Resolution 31/2021/R/gas, published on 2 February 2021, the Authority extends to 31 March 2021 the 
validity of the incentive parameters pursuant to Article 29 of the RAST, originally provided for until 
31December 2020 by resolution 232/2020/R/gas. 
With Resolution No. 202/2021/R/gas, published on 24 May 2021, the Authority has confirmed the existing 
incentive scheme until 31 December 2021 and introduced new incentives for the primary capacity offered on 
a daily basis (additional capacity compared to seasonal services) through a linear function between 40% and 
80% (80% in case of capacity offered more than 10 MSmc/g). With Resolution No. 54/2022/R/gas, the 
ARERA extended the incentives for the period 1 January 2022 – 31 December 2023. 
With Resolution No. 346/2021/R/gas, published on 4 August 2021, the ARERA approved the allowed 
revenues for 2022, based on preliminary estimates of 2021 investments entered into operation. Reference 
revenues has been set at 493.6 million euro and RAB equal to about 4 billion euro (investments carried out in 
2021).

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
With Resolution No. 75/2022/R/gas, published on 4 March 2022, ARERA approved the criteria for the 
determination of X-factor for the period 2023-2025. The Resolution confirm the current X-factor value for the 
year 2023 and the update of X-factor for the years 2024 and 2025 in the event of greater productivity recoveries 
achieved in the first half-period (2020-2021). 
With Resolution No. 110/2022/R/gas, published on 15 March 2022, ARERA approved: i) reserve price equal 
to zero for modulation service auctions; ii) the technical self-consumption (related to gas treatment and 
compression facilities) charges non-application to the users of storage service; iii) capacity booked by 
implication (price equal to zero) for users with gas stock in 31 March 2022; iv) uplift of penalty applied to 
users storage service who are not compliant to minimum filling profile evaluated in October 2022.  
With Resolution No.165/2022/R/gas, published on 8 April 2022, ARERA approved the premium applied to 
the gas stock of the Users evaluated in November 2022 linked to annual and monthly injection services. The 
“gas stock premium” amounts to 5 €/MWh. Furthermore, the Resolution gives a mandate to the Balancing 
Operator (Snam Rete Gas) to purchase the fuel gas necessary for the transmission network and for the technical 
consumptions of the storage companies. The costs incurred by SRG for the gas purchasing are recognised by 
the Energy and Environmental Services Fund (CSEA). 
With Resolution No. 189/2022/R/gas, published on 27 April 2022, ARERA attempted to increase the security 
of supply and the availability of gas by favoring the filling of storage implementing the two-way CFD (Contract 
for Difference) between storage users and SRG based on winter-summer delta price. In case of a winter-
summer delta price higher than a strike price, the storage user pays the difference to SRG; conversely, in case 
of a winter-summer delta price lower than a strike price, SRG pays the difference to storage user. The eventual 
economical amounts paid or received by SRG are settled monthly with Energy and Environmental Services 
Fund (CSEA). 
With Resolution No. 189/2022/R/gas, published on 27 April 2022, ARERA attempted to increase the security 
of supply and the availability of gas by favouring the filling of storage implementing the two-way “Contract 
for Difference” between storage users and SRG based on winter-summer spread. In case of a winter-summer 
spread higher than a strike price, the storage user pays the difference to SRG; conversely, in case of a winter-
summer spread lower than a strike price, SRG pays the difference to storage user. The economical amounts 
paid or received by SRG are settled monthly with Italian Energy and Environmental Services Fund (Cassa per 
i serivizi energetici ed ambientali or CSEA).  
 
With Resolution 261/2022/R/gas, published on 15 June 2022, ARERA provided some additional specifications 
on the two-way Contract for Difference (CD2V) introduced by Resolution 189/2022/R/gas. In particular, the 
resolution defines a single interest rate to be applied for any late payments between the Balancing Operator 
and users in execution of the CD2V. Finally, the resolution postponed to 20 June 2022 the deadline for the 
subscription of CD2Vs related to capacities allocated by May. 
 
With Resolution 274/2022/R/gas, published on 24 June 2022, ARERA defined provisions regarding the last 
resort filling service introduced by MiTE (Ministero della Transizione Ecologica) decree dated on 22 June 
2022. Specifically, the Resolution 274/2022/R/gas established that: 
 
• 
SRG procures the necessary gas volumes from the GMEs AGS (Approviginamento di Gas di Sistema) 
platform, consistent with the arrangements of last April (as laid out in Resolution 165/2022); 
• 
for the purpose of maintaining the economic and financial balance of the operator in charge of natural gas 
balancing (Responsabile del Bilanciamento): 
o the financial charges actually incurred in relation to procurement costs are recognised to SRG 
within the limit of the debt rate implicit in the WACC, defined pursuant to Resolution 
614/2021/R/gas;

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
o the difference between purchase and selling costs (which will start in the coming winter) will be 
settled with a future decree by MiTE (Ministero della Transizione Ecologica); 
• 
for charges up to 2 billion euro, the Balancing Operator makes priority use of CSEA funds functional to 
the procurement of the gas volumes; 
• 
the extension of the “stock premium” to be applied to the implicit allocations in June, July, August and 
September, with some revisions to reduce the maximum premium of euro 5/MWh according to winter-
summer differentials.  
With Resolution 349/2022/R/gas, published on 21 July 2022, ARERA increased to 2.5 billion euro the CSEA 
funds, which are functional for the provision of the last resort filling service by the Balancing Operator 
(previously set at 2 billion euro by Resolution 274/2022). 
 
With Resolution No. 384/2022/R/gas, published on 4 August 2022, ARERA approved the allowed revenues 
for the storage service for year 2023, based on preliminary estimates of 2022 investments entered into 
operation. Reference revenues have been set at 450.4 million euro and includes a 27.7 million euro adjustment 
to account for the WACC update determined with Resolution 614/2021/R/gas for the year 2022, (2023 
reference revenues before this adjustment have been set at 478.1 million euro). RAB has been set at about 4.1 
billion euro (investments carried out in 2022). 
With Resolution 442/2022/R/gas, published on 23 September 2022, ARERA increased to 3.3 billion euro the 
CSEA funds, which are functional for the provision of the last resort filling service by the Balancing Operator 
(previously set at 2.5 billion euro by Resolution 349/2022). With Resolution 3/2023/R/Gas, published on 13 
January 2023, ARERA has defined the criteria for setting the maximum prices for gas supply for the filling 
service of last resort. Furthermore, Snam will allocate to the same service the quantities made available on 
GME's markets that are unsold. The Authority also provided that the costs incurred by Snam as part of the last 
resort service will be covered in accordance with the procedures defined by Resolution 274/2022/R/gas.With 
Resolution 93/2023/R/Gas, published on 9 March 2023, the Authority has introduced measures to facilitate the 
filling of storage in view of the thermal year 2023/2024. In particular, the Authority confirmed, also for the 
next thermal year of storage, as an exception to the regulations in force and in continuity with what is regulated 
for the thermal year 2022/2023, that the costs of technical consumption of storage companies are not applied 
to storage users, covered through the mechanism of financial equilibrium of storage companies pursuant to art. 
28 of the RAST. In addition, ARERA has provided that storage companies make counterflow filling and 
residual storage services available to all interested parties. 
With Resolution 150/2023/R/Gas, published on 4 April 2023, the Authority has supplemented the provisions 
on the capacity booking process for the thermal year 2023/2024. In particular, the Authority has: 
- integrated fees for non-compliance with minimum filling levels by users; 
- provided for the possibility for the user to request an implicit allocation of his gas stock in excess of the 
maximum allowed at the end of each month of the injection phase; 
- provided for storage company to establish an internal verification procedure to implement the prohibition 
laid down in EU Regulation 2023/427;  
- provided Stogit to make a functional proposal to take into account the implicit allocation mechanism in the 
incentive system for short-term storage services; and 
- provided that the allocation to GSE and SRG of the space/injection/withdrawl capacity for thermal year 23/24

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
for a quantity equal to the respective gas stocks resulting on 31 March 2023, and that the related costs are 
covered by the gas system from the "Storage charges account". 
With Resolution No. 379/2023/R/gas, published on 4 August 2023, ARERA approved the allowed revenues 
for the storage service for year 2024, based on preliminary estimates of 2023 investments entered into 
operation. Reference revenues have been set at 511 million euro. RAB has been set at about 4.3 billion euro 
(investments carried out in 2023).  
 
With Resolution No. 419/2023/R/Gas, published on 26 September 2023, ARERA admitted to the incentive 
scheme referred to in Resolution No. 54/2022/R/gas, limited to the capacity allocated until 31 March 2023, the 
product resulting from the allocation of injection capacity, even if it is linked to the counterflow service with 
supply in the thermal year 2023/2024. 
 
With Resolution No. 76/2024/R/Gas, published on 12 March 2024, ARERA updated the RAST on the basis 
of the evolution of storage services over the last two years and defined the incentive criteria for storage 
companies, for the two-year period 2024-2025, providing in particular: 
- the definition of short-term products with the associated implicit allocation of additional services; 
- the confirmation of the services subject to incentives, with the exception of services already provided to users 
and not used; 
- the introduction of a specific incentive mechanism for services with implicit allocation. 
 
With Resolution No. 335/2024/R/gas, published on 31 July 2024, ARERA approved the allowed revenues for 
the storage service for year 2025, based on preliminary estimates of 2024 investments entered into operation. 
Reference revenues have been set at 581 million euro. RAB has been set at about 4.4 billion euro (investments 
carried out in 2024). 
 
With Resolution No. 336/2024/R/gas, published on 31 July 2024, ARERA has started the review process to 
set up provisions on tariffs and quality of the storage activities for the sixth regulatory period starting from 
2026. Its intention is to conclude the whole process by 31 March 2025.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
  
REGULATORY - TARIFFS OF INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
TEREGA – Transmission 
The transportation of natural gas in France is regulated by the Commission de régulation de l’énergie (“CRE”) 
an independent administrative body in charge of regulating the French electricity and gas markets. 
CRE has the following tasks: (i) putting forward the tariffs for the use of public natural gas networks and 
liquefied natural gas facilities to the Ministeries of Energy and Economy (the tariffs become effective unless 
there is opposition from one of the Ministeries within two months of receipt of the proposal from CRE), (ii) 
guaranteeing the right of access to public natural gas networks and facilities, (iii) ensuring the proper 
functioning and development of natural gas market as well as of networks and infrastructures, (iv) ensuring 
the independence of system operators. 
The tariff methodology is set by CRE before the start of each regulatory period and it defines the criteria for 
the determination of the “allowed revenues” and their revision during the regulatory period. The current 
regulatory framework for natural gas transmission, called “ATRT8”, came into effect on 1 April 2024, lasting 
approximately four years. Tariffs are updated by CRE on such basis each year on 1 April and are calculated 
on the basis of the allowed revenues. Allowed revenues are calculated as the sum of (i) capital expenses and 
(ii) operating expenses: 
• 
capital expenses include the return on the regulated asset base (RAB) and depreciation, as well as the 
return on assets under construction. The rate of return on the RAB is calculated according to the CAPM 
methodology and is set at 4.1 % in real terms before tax for ATRT8 for existing assets, and 5,4% in nominal 
terms before taxes for new assets. Assets under construction will be remunerated at the cost of debt (2.8 % in 
nominal terms). The calculation of the RAB and depreciation is based on the valuation of the regulated asset 
base, which is carried out using a “current economic costs” methodology for existing assets (entering the RAB 
until 1st January 2023) and historical costs methodology for the new assets. The economical/technical lifetimes 
used for the main categories of industrial assets are 50 years for pipelines and 30 years for compression for 
existing assets and 30 years for both pipelines and compression equipment for assets entering the RAB from 
the 1st January 2024. The calculation of the RAB and capital expenses for ATRT8 takes into account investment 
projections provided by the operators and revised by CRE. Any difference between investment estimates and 
the actual expenses can be recovered through the “Expense and revenue clawback account” (CRCP). Infact, 
similarly to the previous periods, the ATRT8 entails a regulatory account adjustment mechanism that enables 
adjusting for the differences between actual and forecasted values for a range of costs and incomes that are 
non-controllable. The adjustments are reflected in the allowed revenues for the following year. In particular, 
differences between forecasted and actual energy costs are covered at 90% through this mechanism; 
• 
operating expenses are determined based on the operational costs necessary for the functioning of the 
transmission networks as proposed by the network operators before the start of the regulatory period and 
reviewed by CRE. A trajectory for net allowed operating expenses is defined for the period (2024-2027), based 
on costs incurred in 2022, an annual change in the expenses with respect to inflation and a trend profile 
approved by the CRE. The regulation prescribes that TSOs keep any additional productivity gains or absorb 
any potential additional costs outside of this trajectory. 
In addition, the regulatory framework in force provides for a set of incentives: 
• 
incentives for TSOs to control the costs of their network and non-network investment programs; 
• 
incentives on the quality of service in relation to areas deemed of particular importance for the proper 
functioning of the market. 
As mentioned, the transmission tariffs are updated on 1 of April of each year, on the basis of: 
• 
the authorised income trajectory defined for the period, consisting of the capital expenses and the

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
operating expenses trajectory as defined by CRE; the latter, is updated each year mainly for “Energy and 
CO2 quotas”; 
• 
updated capacity subscription assumptions; 
• 
the reconciliation the overall balance of the CRCP; and 
• 
any potential changes in the tariff structure as decided by CRE. 
 
TEREGA – Storage 
Starting from 2018, the storage capacity sale of TEREGA is carried out under a regulated regime. This new 
regime defines an allowed revenue which is recovered through an auction mechanism process with a reserve 
price equal to 0 €/MWh. In case the allowed revenue is not met by the revenues deriving from the auctions, a 
compensation mechanism through the transmission tariff is applied. Storage obligations at national level for 
the natural gas sellers were confirmed. Storage regulatory framework follows the same macro-principles of 
the transmission: the new period ATS3 started in 2024, will last for approximately 4 years (2024 and 2027) 
and the rate of return on the RAB for the period has been set with a +0,5% premium on transmission hence 
4.6% in real terms before tax for existing assets, and 5.9% in nominal terms before tax for the new assets. 
ATS3 period also introduces an accellerated depreciation for new assets (i.e. from 50 to 30 years for new wells, 
cavities and collection structures).  
Underground storage facilities are subject to mining law and can only be operated under a concession regime. 
The holders of underground gas storage concessions must operate them in a manner compatible with the safe 
and effective functioning of the interconnected natural gas networks. 
Decree No. 2006-1034 of 21 August 2006, regarding access to underground natural gas storage, as 
subsequently integrated by the Decree No. 2014-328 of 12 March 2014 and Arrêté of 31 July 2017, sets the 
conditions for the allocation of storage capacities, in particular defining storage obligations at national level 
and giving the possibility for shippers to comply using alternatives to French storage sites such as storage in 
other EU countries, production fields or LNG plants. 
TEREGA publishes its access offers in a transparent and non-discriminatory manner. All of the protocols and 
contracts are transmitted to the French Directorate General of Energy and Climate (DGEC) and to CRE, who 
supervise on transparency and non-discrimination. 
Interconnector (INT) 
Until September 2018, Interconnector operated in an exempted regulatory regime under long-term “ship or 
pay” transportation contracts. 
Since October 2018, the company has operated in compliance with European regulation. The company has 
requested and obtained derogations from the CAM and the TAR codes allowing for a higher flexibility in 
transport capacity offering, necessary in order to effectively operate as interconnector. In addition to Prisma 
auctions, in April 2018 INT started offering capacity products also through the Implicit Allocation Mechanism 
to enhance its commercial offering and thus reduce commercial risks. CREG (the Belgian Federal Commission 
for Electricity and Gas Regulation) has set a maximum profit cap and any extra-revenues above the cap is carry 
forward to partially sustain investments or to make up for the shortfall of revenues (if any) in the future. 
INT provide gas transportation services under an interconnector license granted by the GB energy regulator 
Ofgem. The licence includes obligations to provide maximum capacity, offer terms for access and share 
information. INT’s subsidiary, Interconnector Zeebrugge Terminal B.V., holds a gas transportation licence 
issued by the Ministry of Economic Affairs of Belgium. 
TAG and GCA - Transmission

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
The transmission and distribution of natural gas in Austria are regulated by E-Control, the independent public 
authority in charge of regulating the Austrian electricity and gas markets. 
Tariff regulation for Austrian TSOs started in 2007. The current regulatory framework has been set for a 
four-year duration, from 2021 to 2024. New regulatory regime, which shall eliminate volume risk, shall be in 
place from 1 January 2025. 
According to the approved methodology, revenues are calculated for each year of the regulatory period and 
the resulting average is taken into consideration in order to define the regulated tariffs. Allowed revenues and 
tariffs are so approved ex-ante by the regulator and applied for the entire four years’ period. 
Allowed revenues are calculated as sum of: 
• 
return on RAB, as the sum of the equity and debt financed asset; 
• 
allowed depreciation based on useful technical life defined by the regulator; 
• 
allowed operating expenses subject to efficiency targets via the application of a price-cap mechanism; 
and 
• 
other allowed costs treated as pass-through, as for example energy costs, without efficiency targets. 
The allowed remuneration is based on the determination of a regulatory asset base (RAB) differentiated in an 
equity financed share and a debt financed share, with also a different treatment applied for old RAB (including 
only assets activated before 2012) and new RAB (comprising assets activated since 2012). Coherently with 
the RAB calculation, cost of equity and cost of debt are treated separately and applied respectively to the equity 
RAB share and debt RAB share (no single WACC). From 2021 onwards new investments will be accounted 
in the RAB as the book value, thus the distinction between equity and debt debt RAB will not apply anymore 
for these investments (single nominal WACC). The tariffs are calculated based on planned costs and a fixed 
booking situation (defined by June 2012 capacity bookings) which is the basis for the application of a volume 
risk. 
The regulatory parameters for the 4th regulatory period envisage: 
• 
a cost of debt equal to 1.61% rate nominal pre-tax and a cost of equity real pre-tax plus a 3.5% capacity 
risk premium (to cover the risk in a decrease of future bookings) totaling a Return on Equity real 
pre-tax equal to 8.94 %; the single nominal pre-tax WACC equal to 4.98% (incl capacity risk 
premium)  
• 
two asset categories with differing useful life: “pipelines” and “compressor & other assets” (these 
account for new investments respectively to 30 and 12 years and have different values for old assets 
specific for each TSO); from 2021 for new investments the useful life according to the book value 
would apply; 
• 
annual operating expenses of the year 2018 (rebased to 2021) are projected for the following four years 
according to an RPI-X formula, using a 1.80% inflation rate and a productivity factor of 1.5% per 
annum. The average of such projected costs is then considered in the cost basis. In addition, cost 
savings coming from the reduction of the number of TSOs in Austria have been considered in the cost 
base through a profit-sharing mechanism (so-called “IRAB”); 
• 
a quality incentive of 5% on the annual operating expenses is granted based on quality KPIs under a 
bonus malus mechanism; 
• 
for certain cost items (e.g. CAPEX, cost for CO2 certificates and energy costs) differences between 
planned and actual costs are reconciled during the tariff calculation of the following regulatory 
period; 
• 
for new investments carried out in the field of efficiency during the regulatory period, a

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
premium of 1.5% on the Cost Equity is applied for the duration of the regulatory period; these 
investments are not subject to capacity risk and relevant premium; operating cost related to these 
investments are not subject to the efficiency target; 
• 
surplus revenues from auctions, interruptible capacities and oversubscription are not taken into 
account in the cost base but are treated separately: auctions and excess capacity use revenues should 
be accrued and used in future capacity expansion, if not used they are recognised as cost reducing item 
or provided for investments in following regulatory period; 90% of the net revenues from 
oversubscription stay with the TSOs. 
The 2012 booking situation constitutes the floor for the fourth regulatory period and for the following periods 
(“minimum booking situation”) until the end of the average useful life of the assets in 2012. The risk of 
under recovery due to booking levels below the “minimum booking situation” is meant to be covered by 
the capacity risk premium plus an individual risk premium in a fixed amount specific for each company.  
GCA – Distribution 
The overall regulatory framework currently in place for the calculation of costs and tariffs for the distribution 
business of GCA (so-called ‘cost-plus regulation’) is very similar to the regulatory framework applicable to 
the transmission business described above and differs from the incentive regulation applied to the other DSOs. 
Such difference in treatment mainly derives from the fact that the distribution system of GCA is categorised 
as “level 1” (high pressure network) with no connection to end customers.  
The allowed costs are determined as the sum of return on RAB, depreciation, operating costs, reconciliation 
between actual and forecasted revenues and other allowed costs. According to the methodology the starting 
point for the determination of allowed costs of year Y are the audited financial accounts of the year Y-2. 
The total allowed costs based on the audited financial account of the year Y-2 are transformed into the cost 
base for year Y by applying a productivity factor (as cost reducing item) and inflation factor (as a cost 
increasing item). 
The RAB is mainly based on residual book values and the depreciation is calculated according to the regulatory 
asset lives defined by E-Control. In particular, for pipelines a standardised regulatory useful life of 20 years 
from 2023 onwards is defined. For remaining assets, the useful life as provided by the national accounting 
rules (Austrian GAAP) also serves as the useful life for the calculation of regulatory depreciation. 
The regulatory return on the RAB currently applied is based on a WACC equal to 4.88% pre-tax for new assets 
and 3.72% for existing assets. 
The current regulatory framework shall remain in place from 2023 until 2027. 
DESFA – Transmission and regasification 
The transmission and regasification businesses in Greece are regulated by the Regulatory Authority for Energy 
(RAWEW), in accordance with the provisions of Law 4001/2011. 
 
The tariffs are determined for each basic activity of the system operator based on the principle of full recovery 
of the required revenue which are calculated as sum of: 
 
• 
Return on the Regulatory Asset Base (RAB), expressed at book values; 
 
• 
regulated depreciation of assets, calculated according to IFRS accounting standard lifetimes; and  
 
• 
regulated operating expenses, set on the effective costs sustained by the company.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
The regulator has approved: 
 
• 
the WACC figures for the year 2023 at 7.51%;  
 
• 
the new tariff methodology for the period 2024-2027; and  
 
• 
the WACC figure for the years 2024-2027 at 7.85%. 
 
In September 2023, RAE officially approved the TYDP 2023-2032 submitted by DESFA with a CAPEX plan 
of Euro 1.3 billion entailing major debottlenecking projects, which are also expected to further enhance the 
export capability of the Greek Transmission system. 
The company’ Board of Directors approved the new draft 10-year plan (TYDP 2024-2033) on 30 July 2024. 
The new draft TYDP with a CAPEX plan of Euro 1,37 billion takes into consideration capex revisions of 
projects already included in previous version(s) of the TYDP, reflecting the most up-to-date status of the 
projects’ budgets. It also reflects new projects aimed at accelerating energy transition and decarbonization. 
After the public consultation convened by Desfa, the plan will be submitted to the Regulator for consultation.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Notes, including, 
but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the Notes. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each 
Noteholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax 
law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other 
potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the securities, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to 
deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to 
consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This 
overview does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Notes that provide payout 
linked to the profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the business in relation to 
which they are issued. 
Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the tax reform of the tax system. According to Law 
111/2023, the tax reform may significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and 
introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and 
impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information 
provided herein may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately (see also “Risk Factors – Risk related to 
the pending Italian tax reform”). 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes that qualify as bonds or securities similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes issued, inter alia, by companies 
listed on an Italian regulated market, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
For these purposes, pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of the Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 (the “Italian Tax Code” or the “ITC”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, 
securities similar to bonds are defined as securities that: (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value; and that (ii) do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any type 
of control on the management; and that (iii) do not provide for a remuneration which is linked to profits. 
Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime 
– see “Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC (c) a 
non-commercial private or public institution, or (d) an entity exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
interest, premium and other income (other than capital gains) (“Interest”) relating to the Notes, accrued during 
the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the 
rate of 26%. In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax 
and it may be credited against the overall income tax due by the taxpayer in respect of the income derived from 
its business activity which will include the Interest. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2017”), Article 1 (211-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 
2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2019”), or Article 13-bis of Law Decree 
No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (including by Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020) (the “Fiscal Decree Linked 
to the Finance Act 2020”), Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 December 2020, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2021”) Article 1 (26-27) Law No. 234 of 2021, as subsequently 
amended and supplemented (the “Finance Act 2022”) and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145 of 18 
October 2023, converted into Law No. 191 of 15 December 2023 (the “Law Decree No. 145”), as subsequently 
amended and supplemented. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Noteholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate taxation (“IRES”), generally levied at the rate of 24%. Banks and other financial institutions will be 
subject to an additional corporation tax levied at the rate of 3.5%. In certain circumstances, subject to the 
“status” of the Noteholder, also regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”) may apply. IRAP is generally 
levied at the rate of 3.9% while banks or other financial institutions will be subject to IRAP at the special rate 
of 4.65%; in any case regions may vary the IRAP rate by up to 0.92%.  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAV or a SICAF 
(together the “Fund”) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory 
authority, and the Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on 
the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the management results of the Fund 
accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive 
tax, up to 26%, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 
410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 
of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment 
funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the “Real 
Estate SICAFs”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real 
estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary,

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to a 20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, Interest may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 
13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, 
Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently 
amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, it must: (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) resident 
outside Italy, with a permanent establishment in Italy or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 
239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose 
of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either 
with or without consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of 
the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any entity paying Interest to a Noteholder. If Interest on the Notes is not collected through an Intermediary or 
any entity paying Interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners 
listed above will be required to include Interest in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final 
substitute tax at a rate of 26%.  
The imposta sostitutiva regime described herein does not apply in cases where the Notes are held in a 
discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary pursuant to the so-called “risparmio 
gestito” regime (as defined and described in “Capital Gains”, below). In such a case, Interest is not subject to 
imposta sostitutiva but contributes to determine the annual net accrued result of the portfolio, which is subject 
to an ad-hoc substitutive tax of 26% on the results. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange 
of information with Italy; or (b) an institutional investor that is resident in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own 
country of residence; or, independently by the relevant country of tax residence, (c) an international body or 
entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (d) a Central 
Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
It should be noted that, pursuant to Article 11 of Decree No. 239, the countries which allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy are those countries listed in the Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, 
as amended by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017, and as amended from time to time (the “White 
List Country”). Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance retains the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange 
of information obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative 
countries. 
The exemption procedure for Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy and are resident in a White List 
Country identifies two categories of intermediaries:

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
A. 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the “First Level Bank”), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); and  
B. 
an Italian resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM, 
acting as depositary or sub-depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via 
electronic link, with the Italian tax authorities (the “Second Level Bank”). Organisations and companies 
non-resident in Italy, which are member of a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which 
include Euroclear and Clearstream) are treated as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an 
Italian representative (an Italian resident bank or SIM, or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-
resident bank or SIM, or a central depositary of financial instruments) for the purposes of the application 
of Decree No. 239. 
In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the 
latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and Second Level Bank. 
The exemption from the imposta sostitutiva for the Noteholders who are non-resident in Italy is conditional 
upon:  
A. 
the timely deposit of the Notes, either directly or indirectly, with an institution which qualifies as a 
Second Level Bank; and 
B. 
the timely submission to the First Level Bank or the Second Level Bank of a statement of the relevant 
Noteholder (autocertificazione), to be provided only once, in which it declares that it is eligible to benefit 
from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement must comply with the requirements set 
forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, is valid until withdrawn or revoked and needs not to 
be submitted where a certificate, declaration or other similar document for the same or equivalent 
purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. The above statement is not required for non-
Italian resident investors that are international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
Failure of a non–resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest 
payments to a non–resident holder of the Notes.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% to Interest accrued during the holding period, 
when the Noteholders are resident, for tax purposes, in a country which does not qualify as a White List 
Country. The imposta sostitutiva may be reduced by applicable double tax treaty, if any. 
 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the Issuer issues a new Tranche forming part of 
a single series with the first Tranche, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to imposta 
sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new Tranche will be deemed to be the same as the issue price of the 
first Tranche. This rule applies where (a) the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of 
the first Tranche and (b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the first Tranche 
does not exceed 1% of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the 
Notes.  
Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici)  
In case Notes representing debt instruments implying a “use of capital” do not incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value (whether or not providing for interim

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
payments) and/or they give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the relevant 
Issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued and/or any type of control on the management, 
Interest in respect of such Notes may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26%. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC, (c) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax; in all other 
cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes not having 
100% capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) 
of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Finance Act 
2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-
quinquies of Law Decree No. 145. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, if any, 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not holding the Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, 
any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the disposal of the Notes would be subject to an imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26%. Under some conditions and limitations, Noteholders may set off losses 
with gains. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any Interest on the Notes accrued and unpaid up to 
the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price and the sale price, 
respectively. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below. 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation 
of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains 
will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any offsettable capital loss, 
realised by the relevant Noteholder pursuant to all disposals of the Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. These Noteholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss, in their annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be 
carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders under (i) to (iii) 
above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each disposal of 
the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 
461 of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, “Decree No. 461”). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime 
being made timely in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting 
for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each disposal of the Notes, net of any 
incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf 
of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder 
or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a disposal of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
 
(c) 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree No. 461) will 
be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if 
not realised, at year end, subject to a 26% substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare 
the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of 
the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-
225) of the Finance Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree 
No. 145. 
According to Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, as amended and supplemented by the Finance Act 
2022, under some conditions, capital losses realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets specific requirements, give rise to a tax 
credit equal to the capital losses, provided that such tax credit does not exceed: (i) the 20% of the amount 
invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) for investments 
made within 2021; and (ii) the 10% of the amount invested in the long-term saving accounts (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) for investments made within 2022.   
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions of Decree 
351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Real Estate SICAF will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund (as defined above) will be included in the results 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20% substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale 
or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 
2019 or Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance 
Act 2021, Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, from the disposal of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not 
subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Notes are traded on regulated markets.  
 Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders not holding the Notes through a permanent 
establishment in Italy from the disposal of Notes not transferred on regulated markets are not subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a White List Country; or (b) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence, in 
any case to the extent that all the requirements and procedures in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the 
disposal of Notes issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 
26%. In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, who may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the disposal of Notes. 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law of a direct lineage or after 
relatives-in-law of a collated lineage up to the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax 
applied at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of 
brothers/sisters are subject to the 6% inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer, in principle, is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, euro 1,500,000. 
 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in 
a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
13-bis of the Fiscal Decree Linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021, 
Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022 and Article 8-quinquies of Law Decree No. 145 are exempt from 
inheritance and gift taxes. 
 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of euro 200; (b) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of use (caso d’uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration 
(registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13, paragraph 2 ter of the Part I of the Tariff attached to the Presidential Decree No. 642 
of 26 October 1972, as subsequently amended, inter alia by Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 
2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the securities deposited therewith. As of 1 
January 2014, stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20% and, for taxpayers different from individuals, cannot 
exceed euro 14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance 
activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a 
year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Noteholders and to non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent 
that the Notes are held with an Italian based financial intermediary (and not directly held by the Noteholders 
outside Italy, in which case wealth tax (see “Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad (the so-called 
IVAFE)”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only). 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 
converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring 
purposes, the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year. The requirement applies also where the 
persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through their 
intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the 
same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts 
and their aggregate value does not exceed a euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad (the so-called IVAFE) 
Pursuant to Article 19 (18-23) of Decree 201, as subsequently amended and supplemented, Italian resident 
individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including società semplici or similar partnerships 
pursuant to Article 5 of the ITC holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional 
tax at a rate of 0.20% for each year (0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in case of financial assets held in States or 
territories with privileged tax regime identified by the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance of May 4, 1999). The maximum amount due is set at euro 14,000 for Noteholders other than 
individuals.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in 
the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
THE PROPOSED EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that 
it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.  
In 2019, the Finance Ministers of the participating Member States indicated that they were discussing a new 
FTT proposal based on a French model of the tax (and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a contribution 
to the EU budget) (the “2019 FTT Proposal”). Under the 2019 FTT Proposal, the FTT would only have 
applied to transactions in financial instruments issued by a company, partnership or other entity whose 
registered office is established within one of the participating Member States and which had a market 
capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective transaction. The 
FTT under the 2019 FTT Proposal would not have applied to straight bonds.  
No agreement has been reached between the participating Member States on either the Commission’s Original 
Proposal or the 2019 FTT Proposal. Subsequently, the European Commission declared that, if there was no 
agreement between the participating Member States by the end 2022, it would endeavour to propose a new 
own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 with a view to its introduction by 1 January 2026, as also 
set out in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual Financial Framework for the years 2021 to 
2027. 
Prospective holders of the Notes should therefore note that the scope of any FTT proposal remains uncertain 
and subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. Any such proposal may also be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate and/or other participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Accordingly, 
prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to any FTT. 
U.S. FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA, and including an intermediary through which 
Notes are held) may be required to withhold at a rate of 30% on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The term 
“foreign passthru payment” is not yet defined. A number of jurisdictions including the Republic of Italy have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that 
provide that, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble 
to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed 
regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Further, Notes that are issued on or prior to the date that is

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, if additional 
Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, including those Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 12 November 2024, agreed with the 
Issuer the basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
If Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States 
in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
If Category 2 is specified in the final Terms each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with regulation S of the Securities Act. Each 
Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (each, a “Member State”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
In relation to each Member State, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of the UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No. 600/2014 as it forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
(a) 
(i) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity 
organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with the exceptions provided under Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017, 
as amended from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and any Italian securities, tax and other 
applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented, agreed and acknowledged that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the Notes in Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the applicable Italian laws; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (“Decree No. 58”), Article 34-ter of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended, and any other applicable laws and regulations. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with Decree No. 58, the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
amended from time to time (the Consolidated Banking Law), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018, as amended, and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law, or any applicable implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or other 
competent authority. 
The Issuer and each Dealer acknowledges and accepts that in no event may the Notes be sold or transferred (at 
any time after the Issue Date) to persons other than “qualified investors”, as referred to under the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
It has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and any other material relating to the Notes, except to 
(a) to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as defined in article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or 
(b) a limited circle of investors (cercle restreint) acting for their own account, in accordance with, Articles L. 
411-1, L. 411-2 and D. 411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
 
General

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated 9 October 2024.  
Approval of Base Prospectus, Admission to Trading and Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. Application has been made to the CSSF to provide the competent authority in the Republic of 
Italy, CONSOB, with a certificate of such approval attesting that this document has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in hard copy from the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg and on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.snam.it/en/Investor_Relations/debt_credit_rating/limited-liability/prospectus.html: 
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 (with an English translation thereof) together with the 
auditors’ reports prepared in connection therewith. The Issuer currently prepares audited consolidated 
accounts on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the unaudited half year consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2024 (with an English translation thereof), which were reviewed by the auditors, 
together with the auditors’ report prepared in connection therewith; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
a copy of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 16 
November 2023; and 
(g) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Furthermore, copies of the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework are available on the Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-attachments/it/investor-relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/Sustainable_Finance_Framework_2024.pdf and the Sustainable Finance Framework Second-
party Opinion is also available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.snam.it/content/dam/snam/pages-
attachments/it/investor-relations/documents/sustainable-
finance/2024/ISS_SPO_on_Snam_Sustainable_Finance_Framework.pdf. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website at www.luxse.com.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if applicable CFI and 
FISN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg. 
Listing Agent 
The Listing Agent of the Notes is BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, 
being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time 
zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP PARIBAS Group entities and/or third 
parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be 
provided upon request. 
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Snam Group since 30 
June 2024 and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer or the Snam 
Group since 31 December 2023.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer – Material Litigation” at pages 182 – 183 
of this Base Prospectus and at pages 416 - 420 and at pages –588 - 594 in the annual reports to the financial 
statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended, respectively, 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Snam Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Snam 
Group. 
Websites 
The website of the Issuer is www.snam.it. The information on www.snam.it does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other 
than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the Snam website has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority. 
Any information contained in any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Independent Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. has audited the consolidated financial statements of Snam S.p.A. and its subsidiaries 
as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 and reviewed the half year

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
consolidated financial statements of Snam and its subsidiaries as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2024, in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia).  
Deloitte & Touche is authorised and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing 
firms held by the MEF. The registered office of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is Via Santa Sofia, 28, Milan, 20122, 
Italy. 
Post-issuance information  
The Issuer will not provide any post issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the 
term “affiliates” includes parent companies.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
ANNEX 1 FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index pursuant to the Programme, where the underlying 
index is the CPI or the Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco as defined below. 
“CPI or ITL - Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index 
Unrevised” means, subject to the Conditions, the “Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e 
impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi” as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - Istituto Nazionale di 
Statistica (the “Italian National Institute of Statistics”) (the “Index Sponsor”) which appears on Bloomberg 
Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level of such index), provided that for 
the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first publication 
or announcement of a level of the inflation Index (excluding estimates) by the Index Sponsor for a given month 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for such month will not be used in any calculations. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series Non 
Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and published 
by EUROSTAT and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical methods (the 
“HICP”) is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the prices of consumer 
goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht Treaty, the HICPs have 
been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price stability by the European Central 
Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco (“Individual HICP”). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for the 
Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s weight in the 
HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country’s final household consumption constitutes within 
that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are re-estimated 
every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are the 
same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the EU. This makes it possible to compare inflation among 
different Member States of the EU. Emphasis is placed on the quality and comparability of the various 
countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. This 
also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new entrant is 
integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that year. The new 
Member State’s weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official timetable. 
Publication generally occurs around the 14th - 16th day of the following month. If a revision is made, it is 
published with the HICP of the following month. 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. This 
procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a new 
consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the definition 
of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 2006, the index

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference period, too, the 
weights for each year are “price updated” to December of the previous year. 
More 
information 
on 
the 
HICP, 
including 
past 
and 
current 
levels, 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-datasets/-/teicp000.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
ISSUER 
 
Snam S.p.A. 
Piazza Santa Barbara, 7 
20097 San Donato Milanese (MI) 
Italy 
 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
(postal address L-2085 Luxembourg) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
(postal address L-2085 Luxembourg) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1  
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
Linklaters Studio Legale Associato 
Via Fatebenefratelli, 14 
20121 Milan 
Italy  
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Santa Sofia 28 
20122 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
DEALERS 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Viale Eginardo, 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid,  
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
 
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
 
 HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
 
 Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg  
(postal address L-2085 Luxembourg) 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg