--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 13 July 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE SCF 
€ 20,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
for the issue of Obligations Foncières 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Société Générale SCF, a société anonyme 
(public limited company) incorporated under French law duly licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de 
crédit foncier (the "SCF") delivered by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the "OF") to be governed either by French law or German law, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined below) (respectively, the "French Law Notes" and the "German Law Notes and, together, the "Notes). All French Law Notes and German Law Notes will benefit 
from the statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code"), as 
more fully described herein. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation). This Base 
Prospectus received the approval number 21-323 on 13 July 2021 from the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF") and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year 
as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF as competent authority in France under the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is only relevant for the French 
Law Notes. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the French Law Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the French Law Notes. 
An application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris within a period of twelve (12) months after the date of approval by the AMF on the Base Prospectus in order for French 
Law Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member State of the 
European Economic Area for French Law Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time to time, 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets Authority (the "ESMA") (each a "Regulated Market"). French Law Notes issued under 
the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (a form 
of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any French Law Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an application will be made for such French 
Law Notes to be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the French Law Notes will be listed and admitted to 
trading. The German Law Notes will neither be admitted to trading nor listed on any Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s).  
 
French Law Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) 
inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as the central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the relevant Account Holders (as defined 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be either inscribed 
in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to the Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged 
for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) day after the 
issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") intended to 
be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
German Law Notes will be issued in materialised registered form only. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated "AAA" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and "Aaa" by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody's" 
and,together with S&P, the "Rating Agencies" and each a "Rating Agency"). The rating of Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. Investors 
are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant Rating Agencies in order to have access to the latest rating (respectively: http://www.standardand poors.com and 
http://www.moodys.com). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
no. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation""). Each of the Rating Agencies is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus 
after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. This approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the French Law Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the opportunity of investing in such French Law Notes. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 13 July 2021 and is valid until 13 July 2022 and shall be, within that period and pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has received the 
following approval no. 21-323. 
 
The approval no. 21-323 granted by the AMF on 13 July 2021 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for Notes admitted to trading or listed on Euronext Paris which are 
the French Law Notes, and is not relevant, in any case, for German Law Notes, as German Law Notes will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock 
exchange. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER

--- Page 2 ---
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................... 6 
2. 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................. 13 
3. 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................. 27 
4. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................... 29 
5. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST .............................................................................................. 31 
6. 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 33 
7. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER ................................................................. 34 
8. 
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES ............................ 35 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................... 44 
10. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................... 50 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................... 52 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ................................................................................................ 53 
13. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF AND SOCIÉTÉ 
GÉNÉRALE ......................................................................................................................... 54 
14. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................... 57 
15. 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 96 
16. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................ 98 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................... 117 
18. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 122 
19. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ....................................................................... 125 
20. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................... 126 
21. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................ 127

--- Page 3 ---
3. 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, as well as the base terms and conditions of the French Law Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") 
not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption 
price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or 
information which is incorporated by reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference"), (ii) any 
supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is, or has been, authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such a distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves of, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and on the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and on the offer or sale of the Notes in the United States of America, 
the European Economic Area (including Germany, France and Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Materialised Notes), delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), or in the case of Materialised 
Notes, United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). The Notes 
are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
For a description of these and certain other restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 4 ---
4. 
 
 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended, to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive") 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID 
II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or manufacturer under the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5. 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or manufacturer under 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Notes below. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference therein) (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
(ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
(including any information incorporated by reference therein) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective 
investor in the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, cross-references to the definition of capitalised terms used in this 
Base Prospectus are set out in "Index of defined terms".

--- Page 6 ---
6. 
 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be 
complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the more detailed 
information which appears elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Note should be based 
on a consideration by the investor of this Base Prospectus as a whole and the corresponding Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1 (b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in 
this general description. Although the Programme allows the issue of both French Law Notes and German Law 
Notes, the expression "Notes" refers only to the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the terms and 
conditions applicable to the French Law Notes. 
I - THE PARTIES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
Société Générale SCF is a société anonyme à conseil d’administration incorporated 
under French law and registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of 
Nanterre under number 479 755 480, duly licensed as a specialised credit 
institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of SCF delivered by 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"). 
 
Société Générale SCF is governed inter alia by the provisions of the Code de 
commerce (the "French Commercial Code") applicable to commercial companies 
and by the provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In relation to its 
capacity as a SCF, the Issuer is governed by the provisions of Livre V Titre I 
Chapitre III Section 2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
 
The Issuer, acting as lender, entered with Société Générale, acting as borrower (the 
"Borrower"), into a facility agreement (the "Facility Agreement"). In order to 
secure the full and timely payment of all financial obligations which are or will be 
owed by Société Générale to the Issuer under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer, 
acting as beneficiary, and Société Générale, in its capacity as Borrower, entered 
into one or several collateral security agreements (the "Collateral Security 
Agreements") setting forth the terms and conditions upon which (i) Société 
Générale shall transfer the full title of (remises en pleine propriété à titre de 
garantie), or pledge over, public exposures governed by Article L.211-38 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code or transfer by way of assignment as security 
under Dailly law (cession Dailly à titre de garantie) of public exposures governed 
by Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, (ii) 
Société Générale undertakes to transfer to the Issuer certain amounts as cash 
collateral (gage-espèces) liquidity reserve to ensure at any time adequate coverage 
of its liquidity needs in relation to Series of Notes with non-extendable maturities 
and (iii) Société Générale shall transfer to the Issuer certain amounts as cash 
collateral (gage-espèces) upon the occurrence of certain downgrading events 
relating to Société Générale (see sections entitled "Risk Factors - Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer - Liquidity risks" and "Relationship between Société Générale 
SCF and Société Générale"). 
 
Arranger: 
Société Générale  
Dealers: 
Société Générale and any other dealer(s) appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement. 
The Issuer may also terminate the appointment of any Dealer from time to time.

--- Page 7 ---
7. 
 
 
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
Société Générale. 
Paying Agents: 
Société Générale (as Paris Paying Agent) and Société Générale Luxembourg (as 
Luxembourg Paying Agent). 
Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
Servicer: 
Société Générale.  
Statutory Auditors: 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés (see sections entitled "Statutory 
auditors of the Issuer" and "Description of the Issuer - Control of the Issuer") 
Specific Controller: 
 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés (see "Description of the Issuer – Control of the 
Issuer"). 
Rating Agencies: 
Moody's and S&P as credit rating agencies authorised to provide a rating document 
in respect of SCF. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating 
Agencies is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) no. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of the Rating 
Agencies is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
II - THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of OF within the 
meaning of Article L.513-2-I, 2° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the 
"Notes") (as described herein); under the Programme, the Issuer may, from time to 
time, issue Notes the principal and interest of which benefit from the Privilège 
created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (see 
"Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier 
and other legal issues"). 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes will be used for financing or refinancing: 
(a) the granting of loans under the Facility Agreement; and 
(b) from time to time, the granting or acquisition of the other assets of the Issuer, 
in accordance with its by-laws (statuts) and Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code.  
Programme Limit: 
Up to € 20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies as of the Issue Date) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under the headings "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer" and "Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the section headed 
"Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Series: 
The Notes issued on any given issue date will constitute a Series. 
Tranches: 
The Notes may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates.

--- Page 8 ---
8. 
 
 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder and supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the Final Terms of such 
Tranche. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time 
of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes 
may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Maturity 
Date"), subject to such minimum maturity as may be required by the applicable 
legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
An extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued in Euro, US dollars, Yen, Swiss francs and in any other currency (except 
for Renminbi) specified in the Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year, in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, will constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and they have a denomination of at least £ 100,000 or its 
equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes and 
Privilège: 
The principal and interest of the Notes (and where applicable any Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons) will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
privileged obligations of the Issuer, and rank and will rank, pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present 
or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised 
by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (see Condition 3 "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Status"). 
The Notes are issued under Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code. The Notes benefit from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (see Condition 4 "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Privilège" and "Summary of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues"). 
Negative Pledge: 
None.

--- Page 9 ---
9. 
 
 
Events of Default:  
None. 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant Final 
Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in 
whole or in part) and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in section Optional Redemption above, the Notes will be 
redeemable by the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for illegality (as 
provided in Condition 6(i)). 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two 
or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such 
Notes may be redeemed. 
Interest Periods and 
Rates of Interest: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use 
of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the June 2013 
FBF Master Agreement, as published by the Fédération bancaire française, 
in their updated version applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series; or 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated version applicable 
as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series; or 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, SOFR or other (or any successor rate or 
alternative rate),  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and payable 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also have a 
maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. Unless a higher 
minimum rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum rate of interest 
shall be deemed equal to zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes : 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect 
to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to another Floating Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, 
from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to another Floating 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10. 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it 
and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Trigger 
Event: 
Where screen rate determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Trigger 
Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot 
be determined by reference to the original benchmark specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of 
an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination: 
The Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU that participates 
in the third stage (or any further stage) of European Monetary Union may be 
redenominated into Euro (see Condition 1(d) "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Redenomination"). 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) 
with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry identical rights in 
all respects and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation as more 
fully provided for in Condition 12 (see section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation").  
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series (see 
Condition 12 "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues and 
Consolidation"). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") 
or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of 
title will be issued in respect of any Dematerialised Notes (see Condition 1 "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"). 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global Certificate 
will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Clearing Systems of 
Notes: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in 
relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or, in any case, any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable (for syndicated issues) or the 
Application Form (in case of non-syndicated issues) relating to such Tranche shall 
be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s).

--- Page 11 ---
11. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount.  
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or on an alternative stock exchange or 
market, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted.  
Ratings: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P and 
Aaa by Moody's. The ratings to be assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies 
will only reflect the views of the Rating Agencies.  
The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency 
without notice.  
There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any period of time or 
that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the 
Rating Agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in 
the judgment of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and on the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions (see "Subscription and Sale"). In 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche additional selling 
restrictions may be imposed on the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as 
amended, or the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules identical 
to those applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under 
Code section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying under Code 
section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which 
such Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United 
States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or

--- Page 12 ---
12. 
 
 
assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
If any law should require that such payments be subject to withholding or 
deduction, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of any such withholding or deduction. 
III - GENERAL INFORMATION 
Method 
of 
publication of the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
any Supplement and 
Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). The Final Terms related to Notes traded on any 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, 
so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the 
websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). 
For so long as any Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of 
such documents will also, when published, be available free of charge during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
IV - STRUCTURE DIAGRAM

--- Page 13 ---
13. 
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations related to Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the French Law Notes and material for an informed investment 
decision with respect to investing in the French Law Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In 
each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, taking into account the negative impact of 
such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The risk exposure or measurement figures included in the risk 
factors provide information on the Issuer’s exposure level but are not necessarily representative of future 
evolution. Other risks and uncertainties which, on the date of this Base Prospectus, are not known of by the Issuer, 
or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its activities, its financial 
condition and the Notes. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and form their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors 
should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial 
condition and the Notes. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be purchased or subscribed by investors which are (or are advised 
by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to 
appropriately evaluate the risks associated with the Notes. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
This section identifies the main risk factors that the Issuer estimates could have a significant effect on its business, 
profitability, solvency or access to financing. 
The risks inherent to the Issuer’s activity are presented below under five main categories, in accordance with 
Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation: 
1. liquidity risks; 
2. risks related to the macroeconomic, market, legal and regulatory environments; 
3. credit and counterparty risks; 
4. operational risks; and 
5. structural risks. 
1. 
Liquidity risks 
The Issuer’s liquidity risk is defined as the risk of not being able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes 
when they fall due, because of the temporary lags between the amortization profile of its assets and liabilities.  
A number of exceptional measures taken by governments, central banks and regulators as well as a downgrade in 
the Société Générale group's (including the Issuer, the "Group") external rating or in the sovereign rating of the 
French State could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer’s cost of financing, its access to liquidity. 
Moreover, a lack of liquidity could have a significant negative impact on the Issuer’s capacity to repay the Notes 
on a short-term period. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum exposure of the Issuer for the next 180 
days could be estimated up to 2.58 billion euros, representing the maximum cumulated amount of Notes falling 
due under this period. From a long-term perspective, the negative impact is lowered due to the ability of the Issuer 
to gather the necessary cash-flows under the collateralised assets. 
In any case, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, the Issuer's ability to make payments under the 
Notes may be negatively affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
14. 
 
 
However, as a specialized credit institution, the Issuer is subject to the production of indicators making it possible 
to measure, manage and monitor this risk (see section entitled "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating 
to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues"). In addition, there are some structural mitigants allowing the 
Issuer to reduce its liquidity risk exposure such as the cash collateral liquidity reserve described more fully in 
section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale. As of 31 December 2020, 
none of the threshold of these indicators has been triggered. 
With respect to the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") pursuant to the CRD V package (as defined below), as of 31 
December 2020, the Issuer is not obliged to hold stocks of liquid assets to maintain its LCR beyond 100%. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's LCR is structurally higher than 100%. 
To finance any temporary liquidity needs, the Issuer also benefits from the ALM management tools and 
instruments provided to it by the laws and regulations applicable to SCF in order to fund temporary liquidity needs. 
See section entitled "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to SCF and other legal issues" for the 
full list of these tools and instruments. 
2. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic, market, legal and regulatory environments 
2.1. 
Macroeconomic and market risks  
The global economic and financial context, as well as the context of the markets in which the Issuer operates, may 
adversely affect the Issuer’s activities, financial position and results of operations. 
During an economic slowdown or as part of a contraction policy, origination of loans to sector public entities or 
guaranteed by them could be reduced. The risk linked to this economic context concerns the portfolio of assets 
transferred to the Issuer as collateral security.  
Very likely a decline in new public exposures origination linked to this situation constitutes a risk for the Issuer 
which must meet its regulatory requirements, in particular through the quarterly ratios required by the ACPR 
showing, among other things, that there is no gap between the assets given as collateral and its liabilities.  
And, no incident linked to this situation, even related to the recent sanitary crisis, has been reported for the Issuer. 
2.2. 
Regulatory environments and legal risks 
The Issuer, as a specialized credit institution subject to Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, is subject to financial services law, regulations, administrative actions and policies in each 
jurisdiction in which it carries on business and supervised by the ACPR.  
In particular, the Issuer is subject to the new capital requirements of the CRD V package (as defined below) and 
the Covered Bond Directive (as defined below). The implementation of the CRD V package, the Covered Bond 
Directive and their application to the Issuer and Société Générale, as the case may be, or the taking of any action 
thereunder is currently uncertain (see section entitled "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to 
SCF"). 
Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in France, could significantly affect the Issuer’s business, the 
products and services offered or the value of its assets. Evolutions in this regulatory framework could have a 
negative effect on the financial and economic environment in which the Issuer operates, and on its financial 
position. 
In addition, failure to comply with the regulations could eventually result in financial penalties and sanctions, 
damage to the reputation of the Issuer and may go as far as the withdrawing of its license.  
The occurrence of any such events may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Nevertheless, although future changes in regulation, tax or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the 
control of the Issuer, this risk remains low as the Issuer works closely with its regulators and continually monitors 
its environment.

--- Page 15 ---
15. 
 
 
3. 
Credit and Counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks relate to the risk of losses resulting from the inability of the Issuer's customers or its 
counterparties to meet their financial commitments. These risks could have a negative impact on the ability of the 
Issuer to repay its obligations under the Notes. It should be noted that the Issuer has chosen to restrict its refinancing 
activity to public exposures only, although its articles of association allow for a wider range of eligible assets in 
accordance with Article L. 513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
3.1. 
Credit risks  
The Issuer is the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in respect of the Notes. The Notes 
will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, including (but not limited to) Société Générale (in any 
capacity but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, Collateral Provider, Arranger, Calculation Agent, Dealer, 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Principal Paying Agent) or any company within the Group, or the shareholders or 
directors or agents of any company in the same group of companies as any of them. As of 31 December 2020, the 
outstanding amount of OF issued by the Issuer is €11.55 billion (without interest). 
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes depends on the creditworthiness of its debtors and 
globally on the credit quality of its assets which consist (i) initially in the loans made available to the Borrower 
(Société Générale) under the Facility Agreement, and therefore the financial soundness and conduct of the Borrower 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s results of operations and financial position and (ii) following the occurrence of 
an event of default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement, in the public exposures transferred (remis en 
pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement. 
3.1.1  
Credit risks on Société Générale  
The Issuer is directly exposed on Société Générale as sole Borrower under the loans granted under the Facility 
Agreement. However, this credit risk is covered by the transfer of full title by way of assignment (remise en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) of a portfolio of assets that meet regulatory eligibility criteria and the requirement 
for Société Générale to maintain at any time a minimum level of cover ratio between the public exposures 
transferred as Collateral Security and the outstanding amount of the loans made available under the Facility 
Agreement, as specified under the Collateral Security Agreement (see section entitled "Relationship between 
Société Générale SCF and Société Générale"). It is worth noting that the Issuer shall maintain at any time a 
minimum legal cover ratio of 105% and the cover ratio of the Issuer as of 31 December 2020 certified by the 
specific controller was 128.27 %. 
Failure to maintain compliance with such requirements may result in, if not remedied, a mandatory repayment 
event under the Facility Agreement and, if Société Générale cannot repay in full the loans granted under the Facility 
Agreement and the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security are not sufficient to pay in full the amounts 
payable under the Notes, the Issuer may have insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.1.2  
Credit risks on the assets of the Issuer 
Debtors' ability to pay following enforcement of the Collateral Security 
The debtors are either public entities or private entities whose obligations are secured by public entities complying 
with the eligibility criteria provided for by Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Therefore, 
the Issuer may be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors. As of 31 December 2020, the 
public exposures transferred (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security amounted to 
€14,873.5 million and were mainly constituted of loans to French local authorities. 
If following enforcement of the Collateral Security pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreements, the Issuer does 
not receive the full amount due from such debtors, or as the case may be, by their guarantors, in respect of such 
public entities’ exposures, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
None of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer or any other party to the Programme does guarantee 
or warrant full and timely payment by the debtors of any sums payable under such public entities’ exposures. 
As a result, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 16 ---
16. 
 
 
However, this risk can be assessed as relatively low as all public exposures of the Collateral Security fall into the 
investment grade category with more than 80% of the Collateral Security being exposed to French sovereign risk 
and for which observed loss rate is close to zero, as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
No prior notification to debtors under the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security 
The Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the relevant public exposures will be transferred (remis en 
pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security pursuant to the provisions of Article L.211-38 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, without notification or information of the debtors under such public 
exposures. Such debtors will only be notified in case of enforcement of the Collateral Security by the Issuer. As 
long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by the debtors under the relevant public exposures 
will continue to be validly made by such debtors to Société Générale. 
Each debtor may further raise defences (which may include, as applicable, any set-off right) against the Issuer 
arising from such debtor’s relationship with its creditor to the extent that such defences (i) are existing prior to the 
notification of the transfer of the relevant public exposures or (ii) arise out of mutual claims (compensation de 
créances connexes) between the debtor and its creditor which are closely connected with that public exposures 
(irrespective of whether such notification has been made before or after such claims have arisen). 
The notification to the debtors may not be made at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as 
to the ability of the Issuer to obtain effective direct payment from the debtors in a sufficient timely manner, which 
may affect payments under the Notes. 
Until notification to the debtors has been made and provided that, at such time, an insolvency proceeding has been 
opened against Société Générale, French insolvency law will prevent the Issuer from recovering from Société 
Générale any collections received by it under the relevant public exposures which are commingled with other 
funds of Société Générale. 
These may affect the repayment value of the loan and therefore the ability for the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes. 
As of 31 December 2020, the public exposures transferred (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral 
Security amounted to €14,873.5 million. 
However, these risks are mitigated by a cash collateral (gage-espèces) to be funded by Société Générale if its credit 
ratings are downgraded below certain minimum rating levels (a "Rating Downgrade Event") for an amount equal 
to the aggregate amount of collections (interest and principal) scheduled to be received by Société Générale under 
the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security during the two (2) calendar months following the occurrence 
of a Rating Downgrade Event (see section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société 
Générale"). 
Maintenance of value of the Collateral Security 
Under the Collateral Security Agreements, Société Générale is required to ensure that at any time the value of the 
Collateral Security is at least equal to the aggregate amounts of loans made available by the Issuer to Société 
Générale under the Facility Agreement (including, in particular, any amount of interests and any other amounts 
due and payable on such date by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement). As of 31 December 2020, the 
aggregate amounts of loans made available by the Issuer to Société Générale is equal to €11.55 billion (without 
interest). 
Failure by Société Générale to maintain the value of the Collateral Security at the above-mentioned level may 
result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
3.2. 
Counterparty risks  
Reliance of the Issuer on third parties 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for 
the Issuer (in particular for the monitoring and the servicing of the eligible assets transferred as Collateral Security, 
for the hedging of its obligations under the Notes and for the provision of liquidity upon occurrence of certain

--- Page 17 ---
17. 
 
 
rating trigger events and pursuant to the liquidity facility agreement - for more details see "Relationship between 
Société Générale SCF and Société Générale").  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be significantly affected by the due performance 
of the other third parties involved in the Programme in relation to their payment and other obligations thereunder, 
the performance by the Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or the Principal Paying 
Agent of their respective obligations thereunder, including and not limited to the performance by Société Générale 
as (i) the Servicer in charge of the administration and recovery of the public exposures receivables transferred by 
way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) in favour of the Issuer, (ii) hedging counterparty and 
(iii) Account Bank in relation to the opening and operating of the bank accounts of the Issuer (see section entitled 
"Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale"). 
Regarding the servicing risk, in the event that Société Générale is in default procedure, a failure to pay (cessation 
de paiements) in accordance with the provisions set out in French bankruptcy laws, would prevent the Issuer from 
recovering the sum due for the securities of the assets sold from the portfolio from Société Générale, and this, 
while the recovery process can be transferred to another establishment that can insure it. In addition, a substitute 
entity may not be found which can potentially lead to a significant repayment risk due to the inability of the Issuer 
to recover the asset portfolio during several months. 
The failure of the due performance of Société Générale, as hedging counterparty, may also have a significant 
impact on the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The risk of Société Générale defaulting, as an account-keeping bank, can also have a moderate impact on the 
Issuer's access to cash-collateral and collections received on its accounts. 
To mitigate these risks, the agreements to be entered into between the Issuer and the above counterparties will 
comply with the specific legal requirements applicable to SCF and with the Rating Agencies’ public methodologies 
and criteria which are commensurate to the then current rating of the Notes (see section entitled "Relationship 
between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale").  
Substitution risk  
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term credit rating of one (1) or more parties to the 
Programme documents which triggers the need of a substitution pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
documents, or if under certain other circumstances the substitution of one (1) or more of these parties is appropriate 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme documents, a substitute entity may not be found. 
Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
4. 
Operational risks  
Operational risks are defined as the risk of losses resulting from the failure of processes and information systems 
or external events. 
The Issuer having no human resources, its operational, financial and information systems management and 
administration have been outsourced to its parent company, Société Générale (see section entitled "Relationship 
between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale"). Thus, the operational failure, termination or capacity 
constraints affecting Société Générale as subcontractor, or the failure or the breach of Société Générale’s 
information technology systems, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and result in losses and 
damages to the reputation of the Issuer’s that could harm its competitive position. 
The security of the Group’s information systems is managed within Société Générale. A security policy has been 
defined, including directives and operating procedures broken down by risk sector: physical security, security of 
system access control, security of data bases and applications, and security of continued operations. In the context 
of the Covid-19, lockdown measures have led the Issuer and Société Générale to massively implement remote 
working arrangements which could lead to new types of operational incidents or increase the risk of cyber-attacks 
faced by the Issuer and Société Générale. These risks may even further increase by an extension of the lockdown 
period or by the renewal of remote working arrangements in the event of new epidemic waves.

--- Page 18 ---
18. 
 
 
Operational risks linked to these essential outsourced services are monitored as part of the Issuer's internal control 
system. 
5. 
Structural risks 
Structural risks correspond to the risks of loss of interest margin in the event of changes in the interest rates and 
exchange rates.  
The Issuer shall use micro- and macro-interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate and currency risks, the objective 
of the Issuer being to neutralise these risks as much as possible. 
The hedging agreements will provide a hedge of any interest rate or currency risk arising from the mismatches 
between (i) the amounts of principal and interest payable by the Issuer under the Notes, and (ii) the currencies in 
which the assets are denominated and the interest rate conditions applicable, as the case may be, to such assets and 
in particular, the hedging agreements will ensure that the Issuer will have in place appropriate derivative 
transactions to hedge the currency and interest rate risks arising from such assets. 
For this purpose, the Issuer will enter into interest and/or currency hedging agreements with hedging counterparties 
with sufficient ratings and which are commensurate with the then current rating of the Notes and on terms as per 
rating agencies’ public methodologies and criteria to cover interest rate and/or currency risks arising from the 
mismatches between the payments received under the assets and the payments to be made under the Notes. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, any amounts payable by the Issuer 
pursuant forward financial instruments, after the applicable set-off as the case may be, benefit from the Privilège 
of Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, unless such forward financial instruments were 
not concluded by the Issuer to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
In case of termination of any hedging agreement (including the Issuer Hedging Agreement) entered into by the 
Issuer that benefit from the Privilège in accordance with the provisions of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, the Issuer may be liable to pay an hedging termination amount to the counterparty in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant hedging agreement. Such hedging termination amount, when to be 
paid by the Issuer and provided that the amount has not been reduced to zero in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant hedging agreement or set off in full, shall be pari passu to payments then due under the Notes. 
In any case, any changes in the interest rates and currency exchanges rates could have a material adverse effect on 
the interest margin of the Issuer when there are significant mismatches in terms of amount, maturity, interest rate 
types and currencies between the Notes and the assets transferred as Collateral Security and may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the negative interests rate environment has a negative impact on the margin generated by the 
replacement of the own funds of the Issuer. 
The potential interest rate risks or currency risks between its assets (loans granted to Société Générale under the 
Facility Agreement or public exposures once and after enforcement of the Collateral Security Agreement) and its 
liabilities is mitigated by the fact that as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into an Issuer 
Hedging Agreement (as described in section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société 
Générale") and, with respect to the public exposures transferred as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security 
Agreements, has undertaken to enter into an additional swap agreement which will constitute a back-to-back 
agreement with the Pool Hedging Transaction(s) under the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) as described in section 
entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale". 
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should consult 
their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in the Notes and the suitability of 
investing in the Notes considering their particular circumstances. The following categories of risk factors are 
identified:

--- Page 19 ---
19. 
 
 
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer  
Absence of events of default in respect of all Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any events of default. The Noteholders will not be able to 
accelerate the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, 
Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on such Notes 
will be the institution of judicial proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be 
significantly adversely affected and investors who sell Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework may have an impact on 
the Issuer' liabilities under the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") 
entered into force on 2 July 2014. 
The stated aim of the BRRD and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
the European Union of 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation") is to provide for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The regime provided for by 
the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the authority designated by each EU Member 
State (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic 
functions while minimizing the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system (including 
taxpayers’ exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation, a centralized power of resolution is established and 
entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the national resolution authorities. The powers 
provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-down/conversion 
powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible liabilities 
(including senior debt instruments if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the 
issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-in Power"). The 
conditions for resolution under the French Monetary and Financial Code implementing the BRRD are deemed to 
be met when: (i) the Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the institution is 
failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure 
would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe, and (iii) a resolution measure is necessary for the 
achievement of the resolution objectives (in particular, ensuring the continuity of critical functions, avoiding a 
significant adverse effect on the financial system, protecting public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary 
public financial support, and protecting client funds and assets) and winding up of the institution under normal 
insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent. 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution 
measure where the conditions for resolution are met, fully or partially write-down or convert capital instruments 
(including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible liabilities (subject to conditions) into equity when it 
determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless such write down or conversion power is 
exercised or when the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when extraordinary public 
financial support is provided in the form defined in Article L.613-48 III, 3° of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code).  
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or 
other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the variation of the terms of the Notes (for example, the maturity 
and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary 
public financial support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and applied, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolutions measures, including the Bail-in Power. No support will be available until a 
minimum amount of contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization of 8% of total liabilities including own 
funds has been made by shareholders, holders of capital instruments and other bailinable liabilities through write 
down, conversion or otherwise.

--- Page 20 ---
20. 
 
 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include 
(without limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of 
assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to 
the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Before taking a resolution measure, including implementing the Bail-in Power, or exercising the power to write-
down or convert to equity relevant debt instruments, the Resolution Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and 
realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any 
public authority. 
It should be noted that the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the 
"BRRD II") and the Regulation (EU) no. 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation (the "SRM 
Regulation Revision" and together with the SRM Regulation, the "SRM Regulation II"). These amending texts 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. 
The BRRD Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime 
de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020. 
With respect to the OF, Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that the 
relevant Resolution Authority shall not exercise the Bail-in Power in relation to secured liabilities including 
covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an 
integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered 
bonds. Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the Bail-in Power would still include the claims of 
the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the bond 
liability would exceed the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. 
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any suggestions 
of such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the 
price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes, and as a result investors may lose a part of their investment. Moreover, if the Issuer’s financial condition 
deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the resolution 
authority independently of a resolution measure with respect to capital instruments (including subordinated debt 
instruments) or in combination with a resolution measure when it determines that the institution or its group will 
no longer be viable could cause the market price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the 
case in the absence of such powers. 
Noteholders’ returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
The Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is subject to the provisions of 
Articles L.613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. These provisions include specific rules on 
the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the Issuer, the involvement of the ACPR in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, specific concepts of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and 
some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer. As a general principle, the above-mentioned insolvency and 
reorganisation rules favour the continuation of a business and protection of employment over the payment of 
creditors.  
However, the Issuer, as a SCF, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from the French legal 
provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. Nonetheless, if the Issuer were to become insolvent, Noteholders’ 
returns could be limited or delayed. Application of French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments on the Notes (such as the non-payment of interest and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not 
be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency laws of other countries. 
In addition, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single 
assembly of holders (the "Assembly") in order to defend their common interests if an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de

--- Page 21 ---
21. 
 
 
sauvegarde financière accélérée), a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation 
procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or not 
under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Note programme) and regardless of their 
governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable 
to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
• 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by rescheduling 
payments which are due and/or partially or totally writing-off debts;  
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) as appropriate 
under the circumstances; and/or 
• 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give or may give a right to share 
capital. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of 
debt securities held by the holders who have casted a vote at such Assembly). No quorum is required on 
convocation of the Assembly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further described in 
Condition 10 (Meeting and voting provisions), and if applicable in the relevant Final Terms, will not be applicable 
with respect to the Assembly to the extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in 
these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a negative impact on the market value 
of the Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a result of the operation of the legal 
framework of SCF, in the case of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of 
Noteholders to enforce their rights under the Notes may be limited. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P's and Aaa by Moody's, 
as described in the section "General Description of the Programme". The rating of the Notes will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings may not continue for any 
period of time or may be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result 
of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so 
warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-solicited 
ratings are assigned, such ratings may differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer. 
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation 
Pursuant to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions, if any law should require that any payments in respect of 
any Notes, Receipts or Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts. Therefore, the 
corresponding risk shall be borne by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders may receive less than the full amount 
due, and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. As a result, they could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22. 
 
 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry 
varying risks for prospective investors depending on the specific structure and features of such Notes. 
Notes subject to early redemption by the Issuer 
Pursuant to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, and if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or in part the Notes prior to their Maturity Date through the exercise 
of the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The Notes will also be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in 
case of illegality (in accordance with Condition 6(i)). 
At those times, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the yield of the Notes that could be considerably less than 
anticipated by the Noteholders. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
In addition, any optional redemption of the Notes by the Issuer is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. If they have 
acquired the Notes when they were trading above par, such Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase after the issuance of the Notes, this 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that if 
interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value 
of the Notes. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that 
they cannot anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, and therefore 
their investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods and this 
will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Risk relating to benchmark reforms and licensing 
Where the Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will 
be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or other indices which are deemed 
to be "benchmarks", investors should be aware that the latest have been the subject of recent international, national 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or 
disappear entirely or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, the "Benchmark 
Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of 
a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Under article 51 
of Benchmark Regulation, an index provider may continue to provide an existing benchmark that has been 
recognised as a critical benchmark, or an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark may 
be used for existing and new financial instruments until 31 December 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
23. 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmark Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for 
certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to 
contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback 
provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, 
if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions a benchmark is 
replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or 
the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as 
implementing acts must be adopted.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. 
The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes which pay a floating rate of interest 
(including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes). In particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark (such as EURIBOR) are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark 
Regulation, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the level or volatility of such benchmark. In addition, market participants may be discouraged from continuing to 
administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks may change, 
which may lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of these changes, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark. 
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is identified, this 
may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to replacement as described in 
"If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest will be changed in 
ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained" below, and the interest rate on such Notes will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, effectively 
converting such Notes into fixed rate instruments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of European Union, United 
Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or 
any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a 
negative impact on the trading market for, value of and return on the Notes. 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest will be changed 
in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders 
be obtained  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) of the Terms and Conditions which applies to any Notes which pay a floating 
rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes), where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if the 
relevant reference rate (except SOFR) has been discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in the Terms 
and Conditions will include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable); and  
(ii) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required).

--- Page 24 ---
24. 
 
 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative rate 
(as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rate (as 
applicable) and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent, the fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time and the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from the 
discontinued benchmark. These could significantly affect the performance of a successor or alternative rate (as 
applicable) compared to the historical and expected performance of EURIBOR or the applicable benchmark.  
Any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favorable to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the rate of 
interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the relevant reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs 
replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor or alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no successor or 
alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
is used for the following Interest Period. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as applicable). 
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and the affected Notes 
are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors holding such Notes might incur costs 
from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit 
from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. There is a high 
probability that certain IBORs will cease to exist or undergo changes that could increase the likelihood of the risks 
set out above materializing. 
The use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a reference rate is subject to important limitations 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described under Condition 
5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes). In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates 
Committee (the "ARRC") announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. However, the 
composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo 
financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally 
different from LIBOR for two key reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. 
Second, SOFR is an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a 
result, SOFR may not perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without limitation, 
as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, 
financial, political, or regulatory events. For example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other 
market rates.  
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight 
will be calculated on the basis of compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this 
calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period 
of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest 
amount which will be payable on such Notes.Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published 
historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such publication of historical data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes or trends in 
SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. 
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of 
later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities 
like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are

--- Page 25 ---
25. 
 
 
more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, 
including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, 
rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received from other sources. SOFR may be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. If the manner in which 
the SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes.  
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as further described in Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)) may bear interest 
at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate. 
The spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may at any time be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. The conversion of the interest rate may affect the market yield of the Notes. The 
movements of the market spread can negatively affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the 
Noteholders. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes (as further described in Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes)) and Notes 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount. The market value of such Notes tends to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk:  
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity 
date.  
The value of the Notes that may be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
depends on several interrelated factors, including economic, financial, regulatory and political events in France 
and elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes 
are traded. The price at which a Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. Therefore, Noteholders may lose 
all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
In addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms and the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date, the payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall 
be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. In this scenario, 
Noteholders will be further exposed to market risks until the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a result, the 
situation of the Issuer might adversely change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity 
Date and the market value of the Notes between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date 
might be significantly affected. 
A trading market may not develop or continue or may not be liquid

--- Page 26 ---
26. 
 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may not develop in the 
future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and the market prices for the Notes can 
be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the Issuer’s financial condition and prospects 
and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Moreover, although the Issuer can purchase Notes at any moment pursuant to Condition 6(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions, this is not an obligation for the Issuer. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the 
secondary market of the relevant Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate 
these Notes on the secondary market. 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of French Law Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchange, any particular application 
may not be accepted, such Series of Notes may not be so admitted, an active trading market in respect of such 
Series may not develop or, once accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing may be suspended or 
terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. Such situation could materially affect the market value of 
the Notes. 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss 
This Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 5(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions. The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency.

--- Page 27 ---
27. 
 
 
3. 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Independent review and advice  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prospective investors should also conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the Notes and all other relevant market and economic factors as 
they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of the group 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Assessment of investment suitability 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, tax and other 
advisers. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant interest 
rates and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(vi) 
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable 
restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or 
other jurisdictions, including the Issuer's country of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income

--- Page 28 ---
28. 
 
 
received from the securities. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions 
may be available for innovative financial notes, such as the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to ask for 
their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and 
redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the 
prospective investor.  
No legal and tax advice 
Each prospective investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in 
the Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder of its 
investment in the Notes. 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs. 
Legality of Purchase 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the Notes, whether 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors can be subject to legal investment laws and regulations, and/or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes constitute legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions that could apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of 
the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, 
regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Conflicts of interests in respect of Société Générale 
With respect to the Notes, conflicts of interest may arise as a result of various factors involving in particular Société 
Générale, its affiliates and the other parties named herein. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because 
Société Générale acts in several capacities under the operating of the Issuer and the Programme as Fiscal Agent, 
Calculation Agent, Dealer as well as Borrower under the Facility Agreement and controlling shareholder of the 
Issuer (see also "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale").  
In particular, whilst Société Générale has information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of 
interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term and on the maturity 
of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
Even if their respective rights and obligations under the Programme are not conflicting and are independent from 
one another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities under the Programme, Société 
Générale and/or its affiliates may be in a situation of conflict of interests. Société Générale and/or such affiliates 
will only have the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will 
not, by virtue of its or any of its affiliates acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to hold a duty of care other than as expressly provided in respect of each such 
capacity.

--- Page 29 ---
29. 
 
 
4. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously or simultaneously published and filed with the AMF and which are incorporated in, and shall be deemed 
to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the "Société Générale SCF – Rapport financier annuel 2020", including inter alia: 
i. 
"Société Générale SCF – Rapport de gestion présenté par le conseil d’administration à l’assemblée 
générale ordinaire  annuelle du 18 mai 2021" (the "2020 Annual Report");   
ii. 
"Société Générale SCF – Comptes annuels au 31/12/2020" including the "Société Générale SCF 
Tableau des Flux de Trésorerie" which contains the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 (the "2020 Annual Accounts");  
iii. 
"Société Générale SCF – Exercice clos le 31 décembre 2020 – Rapport des commissaires aux comptes 
sur les comptes annuels (the "2020 Auditors' Report"); and 
iv. 
"Déclaration des personnes physiques qui assument la responsabilité du rapport financier annuel 
2020" (together with the 2020 Annual Report, the 2020 Annual Accounts and the 2020 Auditor' 
Report, all in French language, the "2020 Annual Financial Report"  
Hyperlink: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-04/SG-SCF-
Rapport-Financier-Annuel-31-12-2020.pdf). 
 
• 
the "Société Générale SCF – Rapport financier annuel 2019", including inter alia: 
i. 
"Société Générale SCF – Rapport de gestion présenté par le conseil d’administration à l’assemblée 
générale mixte annuelle du 12 mars 2020" (the "2019 Annual Report");   
ii. 
"Société Générale SCF – Comptes annuels au 31/12/2019" including the "Société Générale SCF 
Tableau des Flux de Trésorerie" which contains the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 (the "2019 Annual Accounts");  
iii. 
"Société Générale SCF – Exercice clos le 31 décembre 2019 – Rapport des commissaires aux comptes 
sur les comptes annuels (the "2019 Auditors' Report"); and 
iv. 
"Déclaration des personnes physiques qui assument la responsabilité du rapport financier annuel 
2019" (together with the 2019 Annual Report, the 2019 Annual Accounts and the 2019 Auditor' 
Report, 
all 
in 
French 
language, 
the 
"2019 
Annual 
Financial 
Report" 
- 
Hyperlink:https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3
%A8res/2019/sg_scf-rapport_financier_annuel_20191231.pdf). 
 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 May 2009 
(the 
"2009 
EMTN 
Conditions"Hyperlink:  https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SCF
%20-%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%2027%20May%202009);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 June 2010 
(the 
"2010 
EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
 https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SCF%20-
%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%203%20June%202010);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25 May 2012 
(the 
"2012 
EMTN 
Conditions" 
-

--- Page 30 ---
30. 
 
 
Hyperlink: 
 https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SCF%20-
%20EMTN%20Program%20dated%2025%20May%202012);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 10 June 2014 
(the 
"2014 
EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
 https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SCF%20-
%20EMTN%20Program%20dated%2010%20June%202014);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 March 
2015 
(the 
"2015 
EMTN 
Conditions"- 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3%A8res/ma
rs%202015/16_03_15_SG%20SCF_EMTN_Programme_Base_Prospectus_VISA.PDF); 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 June 2017 
(the 
"2017 
EMTN 
Conditions"- 
Hyperlink: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20SCF%20EMTN_Base%20Pr
ospectus%20_dated%2019%20June%202017); 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 June 2018 
(the 
"2018 
EMTN 
Conditions"- 
Hyperlink: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20SCF%20EMTN_Base%20Pr
ospectus_dated%2015%20June%202018);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 June 2019 
(the 
"2019 
EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SCF%20EMTN_Base%20Pr
ospectus_dated%2021%20June%202019 ; and  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25 June 2020 
(the 
"2020 
EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Soci%C3%A9t%C3%A9%20G%C3%A9n%C3%A9r
ale%20SCF%20EMTN%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2025%20June%202020 and,together with 
the 2009 EMTN Conditions, the 2010 EMTN Conditions, 2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2014 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions and 
the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions") in each case for the purpose only of 
further issue of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
Any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and in any Supplement may be obtained without 
charge and upon request, at the registered office of the Issuer as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during 
normal business hours for so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. This Base Prospectus (together with any 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus) will be published on the websites of (i) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
(ii) the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/) and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/investisseurs. 
For the avoidance of doubt no information or documents available on the Issuer website, other than the 2020 
Annual Financial Report, the 2019 Annual Financial Report and the EMTN Previous Conditions, shall be 
incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
in accordance with the list above, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed 
incorporated by reference herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in 
connection with the cross-reference list below. Any information not listed in the cross-reference list but included 
in the documents incorporated by reference is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
31. 
 
 
5. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex VI of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as 
amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
2020 Annual Financial Report  
Balance sheet and off balance sheet 
Pages 55 to 57 of the 2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Pages 59 and 60 of the 2020 
Annual Financial Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 62 to 96 of the 2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Pages 94 and 95 of the 2020 
Annual Financial Report 
Statutory Auditors’ Report 
Pages 97 to 103 of the 2020 
Annual Financial Report 
2020 Annual Report  
Pages 6 to 35 of the 2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Age of financial information 
 
31/12/2020 
2019 Annual Financial Report 
Balance sheet and off balance sheet 
Pages 64 and 65 of the 2019 
Annual Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 67 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 69 to 97 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 96 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
Statutory Auditors’ Report 
Pages 98 to 103 of the 2019 
Annual Financial Report 
2019 Annual Report  
Pages 7 to 40 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
Age of financial information 
 
31/12/2019 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 57 to 89 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 90 to 122 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 110 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 101 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 72 to 97 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 49 to 73 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 49 to 72 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 23 to 45 
2009 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 22 to 44

--- Page 32 ---
32. 
 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 25 June 2020, 21 June 2019, 15 June 2018, 19 
June 2017, 16 March 2015, 10 June 2014, 25 May 2012, 3 June 2010 and 27 May 2009 are not relevant for 
investors.

--- Page 33 ---
33. 
 
 
6. 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained and incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts in any material respect and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly.  
 
 
Paris, 13 July 2021  
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF 
17, Cours Valmy 
92800 PUTEAUX 
France 
Duly represented by Arnaud Mezrahi 
in its capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur général délégué) of the Issuer.

--- Page 34 ---
34. 
 
 
7. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
6 place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Appointment date: 17 May 2016 
Appointment date: 15 May 2019 
Appointment termination date: 
date of the General Shareholders Meeting 
approving the Annual Accounts as of 31 
December 2021  
Appointment termination date: 
date of the General Shareholders Meeting 
approving the Annual Accounts as of 31 
December 2024

--- Page 35 ---
35. 
 
 
8. 
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES 
Legal framework 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to SCF results from the following 
provisions: 
• 
Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to 
time); 
• 
Articles R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to 
time); 
• 
the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la Réglementation 
Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) related to SCF and sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat as amended from time to time (the "CRBF Regulation"); and 
• 
various ACPR's instructions applicable to SCF (as amended from time to time). 
Entities entitled to issue obligations foncières 
SCF are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) and authorised to act as SCF by the 
ACPR.  
The exclusive legal purpose of the SCF is to grant or finance guaranteed loans or public exposures and hold 
securities and instruments under the conditions set out in the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to SCF on the date hereof, the eligible assets to 
a SCF may only be:  
(i) 
secured loans which, in accordance with Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
include loans which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage (hypothèque de premier rang) over an 
eligible real estate or by other real estate security interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage 
(une sureté immobilière conférant une garantie au moins équivalente) or loans that are guaranteed 
(cautionné) by a credit institution, a financing company (société de financement) or an insurance 
company that does not belong to the same group as the relevant SCF. The property must be located in 
France or in any other Member State of the European Union or European Economic Area ("EEA") or 
in a State benefiting from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
given by a rating agency recognised by the ACPR as provided in Article L.511-44 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
exposures to public entities which mentionned in Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, which are assets such as loans, certain debt securities or off-balance-sheet exposures to the entities 
listed below or fully guaranteed by them: 
- 
Central governments, central banks, public institutions or local authorities or their groups located 
in a Member State of the European Union or within the European Economic Area, in the United 
States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, Australia or New Zealand (collectively, the 
"Eligible States"); 
- 
Central governments or central banks not located in an Eligible State, but who benefit from the 
highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) (established by a credit 
rating agency recognized by the ACPR); 
- 
The European Union, the International Monetary Fund, the Bank for International Settlements, 
multilateral development banks (the list of which has been set by decree of the Minister of the

--- Page 36 ---
36. 
 
 
Economy), other international organizations and multilateral development banks benefiting from 
the highest level of credit quality established by a credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR; 
- 
Public institutions and local authorities or their groups not located in an Eligible State if financial 
exposure to such persons are subject, for the determination of capital adequacy, to the same 
requirements as those used for central governments, central banks or credit institutions, or fully 
guaranteed by such persons, and benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established 
by a credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR; and 
- 
Public institutions and local authorities or their groups mentioned in the bullet point above 
benefiting from the second-highest level of credit quality (second meilleur échelon de qualité de 
crédit) established by a credit rating agency recognized by the ACPR, provided that such 
exposures are limited to twenty per cent. (20%) of the total outstanding nominal amount of the 
OF and other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège; 
(iii) 
units or notes (other than subordinated units or subordinated notes) issued by French organismes de 
titrisation or other foreign similar vehicles governed by the laws of a Member State of the European 
Union or EEA, the United States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, Australia or New Zealand, 
if the following provisions of Article L.513-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are complied 
with: 
- 
the assets of such securitisation vehicles comprise at least ninety per cent. (90%), subject to 
certain exclusions as set forth below, of receivables similar to exposures to public entities 
complying with the criteria defined in Articles L. 513-3 I and L.513-4 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code or other receivables benefiting from the same level of guarantees as 
exposures referred to in Articles L. 513-3 and L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code; 
- 
such units or notes are not subordinated units or subordinated notes;  
- 
such units or notes benefit from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR pursuant to 
Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code;  
- 
such similar foreign entities shall be governed by the laws of a Member State of the European 
Union or EEA if their assets are all or part constituted by loans or exposures mentioned in Article 
L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and  
- 
within a limit of ten per cent. (10%) of the nominal amount of the OF (i.e. the Notes) and other 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
Eligible assets of the public sector entities described above include, among other things: 
• 
debt securities issued, or fully guaranteed, by one or more of the public sector entities mentioned above; 
• 
monetary claims, including those resulting from a successive performance contract, against the public 
sector entities referred to above, or fully guaranteed by one or more of such public sector entities; 
• 
debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent contracts to which a public sector entity referred to 
above is party in the capacity of lessee or tenant, or debt stemming from leasing contracts or equivalent 
contracts fully guaranteed by one or more of those public sector entities. SCF that acquire debt resulting 
from a leasing contract may also acquire all or part of the debt that results from the sale of the leased 
property. 
With respect to the Issuer however, given its business activity, the sole eligible assets of the Issuer are: 
• 
the exposures to public entities referred to in paragraph (ii) above; and

--- Page 37 ---
37. 
 
 
• 
the securities that are "assimilated to" such exposures to public entities, in accordance with the 
paragraph (iii) above where those securities are backed by public exposures complying with the criteria 
defined in Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or other receivables benefiting 
from the same level of guarantees. 
Like any SCF, the Issuer is not allowed to make any other investments, except investments in assets which are 
sufficiently secure and liquid to be held as so-called replacement values (valeurs de remplacement), as defined in 
Article R.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
According to Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer may indeed 
hold securities, instruments and deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid, as replacement assets (valeurs 
de remplacement) which comprise exposures on credit institutions or investment firms benefiting from the highest 
level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised 
by the ACPR pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or guaranteed by credit 
institutions or investment firms benefiting of the same level of credit assessment (échelon de qualité de crédit), or, 
if such securities, instruments or deposits have a maturity of less than a hundred (100) days, exposures on or 
guaranteed by credit institutions or investment companies of a Member State of the European Union or the 
European Economic Area benefiting from the second highest level of credit quality (second meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit). 
Reference to long term or short term of the evaluation of the credit to be taken into account correspond to the 
residual maturity of the exposure. 
The total amount of such replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) shall not exceed fifteen per cent (15%) of 
the nominal amount of the OF (including the Notes) and other resources benefiting from the Privilège as described 
in "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues – 
Privilège and non-privileged debts". 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must send to the ACPR no later than on June 10 of each 
year information relating to the quality of its assets. This report is published within forty-five (45) calendar days 
of a general meeting approving the Issuer's financial statements of the year then ended. In particular, the 
characteristics, details of the distribution of loans, exposures and guarantees, the total of any unpaid amounts, the 
distribution of debts by amount and by category of debtors, the proportion of early repayments, the liquidity needs 
of the Issuer for a hundred and eighty (180) calendar days period, and the level and sensitivity of the position of 
rates are required to be included as part of the latter report.  
In addition, according to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 13 bis of the 
CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must publish within forty-five (45) calendar days of the end of every quarter a report 
containing the same information relating to the quality of its assets. Such report is available for viewing on the 
website 
of 
Société 
Générale 
(http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-notre-
performance/investisseurs/investisseurs-dette). 
See also "Description of the Issuer – Issuer’s exclusive purpose and business overview". 
Privilège and liabilities 
Privilège  
The OF issued by SCF, together with the other resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed 
to inform the public (within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) or any 
equivalent document required for the admission to trading on foreign regulated markets which mentions the 
Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative transactions relating to the hedging of OF and other 
privileged debts in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code benefit from 
the statutory Privilège set out under Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal provisions to 
the contrary and in particular the provisions included in the French Commercial Code relating to the prevention 
and conciliation of business difficulties, to the safeguard and to the judicial administration and liquidation of 
companies:

--- Page 38 ---
38. 
 
 
(i) 
the sums resulting from the loans, assimilated assets, exposures and securities as referred to in 
Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and from the financial 
instruments used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, (in each case after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made 
by a SCF (i.e. the issuer of OF, such as the Issuer) with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to 
the payment of any sums due in relation to the OF such as the Notes, to other resources benefiting from 
the Privilège as mentioned in paragraph 2 of I of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, to derivative transaction used for hedging, under the condition of Article L.513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and to other ancillary expenses and sums expressly referred to in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
when a SCF such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial or liquidation proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or to conciliation proceedings with its 
creditors (procédure de conciliation), the amounts due regularly from the operations referred to in 
paragraph 2 of I of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including 
interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. No other creditor of a SCF such as the Issuer 
may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société until all creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège as defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code have been fully 
paid off; and 
(iii) 
the judicial liquidation of a SCF such as the Issuer, will not result in the acceleration of payment of OF 
such as the Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
Non-privileged debts 
SCF may also issue ordinary bonds or raise funds which do not benefit from such Privilège.  
The Issuer may also refinance its assets in accordance with specific means of refinancing set forth by Article 
L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, such as pledge or transfer all or part of the receivables held 
in accordance with Articles L.211-36 et seq. or Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code or temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code or having recourse to a pledge of a securities account as defined in Article L.211-
20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In such case, the receivables and securities so used are not included 
in the scope of the Privilège and are not taken into account for the purpose of determining the cover ratio of the 
resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Cover ratio 
SCF must at any time maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
According to Articles L.513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, SCF must at any time 
maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%) of the total amount of their liabilities which 
benefit from the Privilège by the total amount of their assets, including the replacement assets (valeurs de 
remplacement).  
For the calculation of this cover ratio, when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant 
to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, which are not replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement), the SCF must take into account the 
assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables. 
Calculation of this cover ratio is set out in the CRBF Regulation pursuant to which the ratio's denominator (Article 
8 of the CRBF Regulation) is composed of obligations de crédit foncier and other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège, and the ratio's numerator (Article 9 of the CRBF Regulation) is composed of all the assets of the SCF, 
after application of a specific weighting percentage or reduction depending on the nature of the exposure. 
SCF must appoint a Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the ACPR whose task is to 
ensure that the cover ratio is at any time complied with. In particular, the Specific Controller must certify that the 
cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the SCF's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège 
and (ii) any specific issue also benefiting from the Privilège whose amount is equal or greater than Euro 500 
million. The Specific Controller must verify the quality of the assets, the process of yearly revaluation and the 
quality of the asset liability management. The Specific Controller (see "Description of the Issuer") has access to 
information that allows it to carry out its legal control duties.

--- Page 39 ---
39. 
 
 
This cover ratio is published quarterly (on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December) by the Issuer, and 
the most updated cover ratio is available for viewing on the website of Société Générale 
(http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-notre-performance/investisseurs/investisseurs-dette).  
 
As of 31 December 2020, the cover ratio certified by the Specific Controller was 128.27%.  
 
Liquidity coverage 
Pursuant to Article R 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, SCF must ensure at any time adequate 
coverage of their liquidity needs for a hundred and eighty (180) calendar days period, taking into account expected 
flows in principal and interests under their assets and net flows relating to forward financial instruments set forth 
in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. The needs in cash are covered with replacement 
assets (valeurs de remplacement) complying with the provisions of Article R.513-6 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and with assets which are eligible for the credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance 
with the procedures and conditions set forth by the latter in the context of its monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations. 
In the case where the assets of the SCF are composed of receivables guaranteed by collateral assets in accordance 
with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, if these assets are not replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement), the liquidity needs are 
evaluated by considering the assets transferred as collateral security (and not the receivables).  
In addition, pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, SCF must ensure that the average life of the eligible assets held by 
it, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the overcollateralisation ratio referred to in Article R. 513-
8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed more than eighteen (18) months the average life of 
its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège.  
To that purpose, when the assets of the SCF comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles 
L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, which are not replacement values (valeurs de remplacement), such as the Issuer, the SCF must take into 
account the average life of the assets received as collateral rather than the average life of the secured receivables. 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, a SCF may also, by derogation to the provisions of Articles 1349 of the Code civil (the "French Civil 
Code") and L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code, subscribe for its own OF, for the sole purpose 
of pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) in order to secure the credit transactions (opérations 
de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions determined by the Banque de 
France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the SCF is not able to cover its cash needs with the other 
means available to it, provided that: 
(a) 
the total amount of the OF subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the total 
outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as of the date of their 
subscription; 
(b) 
such OF are disentitled of their rights under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Commercial 
Code as long as the SCF holds them; 
(c) 
such OF are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-day period starting from the 
date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such Notes shall be cancelled by the SCF at the 
end of such 8-day period); and 
(d) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the OF subscribed by the SCF in accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article L.513-
26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, shall be cancelled within an 8-day period starting from the date on 
which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France.

--- Page 40 ---
40. 
 
 
Hedging 
The Issuer may enter into financial instruments to hedge its interest rate and currency risks on the exposures set 
out in Articles L.513-4 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, on the OF and on other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège. Any amounts payable by the Issuer pursuant to these financial instruments (including 
any termination costs, if any), after the applicable set-off as the case may be, benefit from the Privilège, unless 
such financial instruments were not concluded by the Issuer to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities 
or the global risk on its assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Insolvency derogating regime 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of any safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) in respect of the SCF’s shareholders to the SCF. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code provides for a regime which derogates in many ways from the French 
legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, in particular: 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article 
L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) are not applicable to 
contracts concluded by a SCF, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of a SCF, as far as such contracts 
or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the procédure de 
sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires of a shareholder of the Issuer cannot be extended 
to the Issuer; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, any service/loan agreement 
pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to another credit institution or financing company (société de 
financement) the management or the recovery of loans, exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, 
instruments, bonds or other sources of financing may be immediately terminated upon the opening of 
bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de sauvegarde financière accélérée, de sauvegarde 
accélérée, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaire) affecting that credit institution or financing company 
(société de financement); 
- 
pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of procédure de 
sauvegarde, procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires or conciliation proceedings (procédure 
de conciliation) of the Issuer, all cash flows generated by the assets of the Issuer are allocated as a matter of 
absolute priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, in 
preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the 
liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the 
assets of the Issuer. 
In addition, certain nullity of transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) are not 
applicable for transactions or acts entered into by a SCF provided that such transactions and acts are made in 
accordance with their exclusive legal purpose and without fraud. Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the company 
which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and liabilities of the SCF, the recovery, management and 
servicing contracts may be immediately terminated by the SCF notwithstanding any legal provisions to the 
contrary. 
Specific Controller 
In each SCF, a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) (the "Specific Controller") and a substitute Specific 
Controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are in charge of ensuring the compliance of the SCF with the legal 
framework described above. The Specific Controller and the substitute Specific Controller are selected from the 
official list of auditors and appointed by the officers of the SCF with the approval of the ACPR.

--- Page 41 ---
41. 
 
 
Pursuant to Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the tasks of the Specific Controller are: 
(a) 
to ensure that the SCF complies with Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code; 
(b) 
to certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the SCF's quarterly programme of issues 
benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources benefiting from the Privilège and whose 
amount is equal to or greater than Euro 500 million; 
(c) 
to ensure that the exposures to public entities granted or refinanced by the Issuer comply with the 
purpose of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and with the requirements set 
out in Articles L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(d) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate and maturity matching 
between the assets and the liabilities. In case the Specific Controller believes that the level of rate and 
maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the Privilège, the 
Specific Controller informs the officers of the relevant SCF and the ACPR. 
The Specific Controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of 
directors of the SCF (Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). 
The Specific Controller is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to the fulfillment of its 
mission and to perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in the premises of the SCF. The Specific 
Controller prepares annual reports on the accomplishment of his missions to the management of the SCF, a copy 
of which is delivered to the ACPR. 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2006, or the 
"Basel II framework" has not been fully implemented in all participating countries. The implementation of the 
framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-weighting of the Notes for investors who are or may become 
subject to capital adequacy requirements that follow the framework. 
 
The Basel Committee has subsequently approved significant changes and extensions to the Basel II framework 
(such changes and extensions being commonly referred to as "Basel III"), including new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions. In particular, the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base 
(including an increase in the minimum Tier 1 capital requirement), measures to strengthen the capital requirements 
for counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well 
as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (the latter being referred to as the "Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio" and the "Net Stable Funding Ratio", respectively). The European authorities have now 
incorporated the Basel III framework into EU law, primarily through Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directive 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive –"CRD") and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") known as the "CRD 
IV-Package" which entered into force in the EU on 1 January 2014. On 23 November 2016, the Commission 
proposed a new Regulation amending the CRR (the "CRR Revision" and together with CRR, the "CRR II") and 
a new Directive amending the CRD (the "CRD Revision" and together with the CRD, the "CRD V") which, inter 
alia, simplified the Net Stable Funding Ratio. The CRR II and CRD V entered into force on 27 June 2019.  
 
The CRD Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant diverses 
dispositions d'adaptation de la légilsation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière dated) 21 
December 2020 and a decree (Décret n°2020-1637 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation au droit de l'Union 
européenne en matière financière et relative aux soiétés de financement) dated 22 December 2020. Certain 
portions of the CRR Revision apply immediately as from its entry into force (including those applicable to the new 
requirements for own funds and eligibile liabilities) while others shall apply several years after the date of its entry 
into force. The changes under CRR II, CRD V and Basel III may have an impact on the capital requirements in 
respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject to requirements that follow 
the relevant framework and, as a result, may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42. 
 
 
Future changes to the SCF Legal Framework 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and the Council and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the 
European Parliament and the Council (together, the "New EU Covered Bonds Framework") were definitely 
adopted on 27 November 2019 and published on 18 December 2019. The directive must be transposed by EU 
Member States before July 2021 and the New EU Covered Bonds Framework will be effective on 8 July 2022 at 
the latest. 
The New EU Covered Bonds Framework is part of the Capital Markets Union action plan and aim to enable a 
more harmonized covered bond market in the European Union in order to improve the visibility and safety of 
covered bonds, as well as maintaining some elements arisen from regulations from the Member States of the 
European Union which have been useful for the bulding of such market. The directive covers in particular 
requirements for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", 
structural features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, liquidity...) and regulatory supervision. The 
regulation would mainly amend Article 129 of CRR II and would add requirements on minimum 
overcollateralisation and substitution assets. The minimum overcollateralization would be set at 2 % and 5 % 
depending on the assets in the cover pool, based on a nominal calculation method. 
Potential impact of this New EU Covered Bonds Framework on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds should be 
relatively limited but cannot yet be fully estimated, some aspects depending on transposition. 
Collateral Security 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Collateral Security 
The Collateral Security is governed by the provisions of Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, being the applicable rules of French law implementing Directive 2002/47/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements which has been amended by 
Directive 2009/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 May 2009 (the "Collateral Directive"). 
It should be noted that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Impact of the hardening period on the Collateral Security 
Under French law, the hardening period (période suspecte) is a period, the duration of which is determined by the 
bankruptcy judge upon the judgement recognising that the cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) of the 
insolvent company has occurred. The hardening period commences on the date of such judgement and extends for 
up to eighteen (18) months previous to the date of such judgement. 
Notwithstanding the above-mentioned, many arguments as described below would tend to consider that the French 
legal framework relating to the hardening period would not be applicable in the specific case of the Collateral 
Security, subject to any French case law that would decide in the future that the guarantees governed by Article 
L.211-38-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code fall within the scope of the French legal framework relating 
to the hardening period. 
The arguments are the following:  
- 
Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code states that the provisions of book 
VI of the French Commercial Code (pertaining to insolvency proceedings as a matter of French 
law) shall not impede ("ne font pas obstacle") the application of Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
given the provisions of the Collateral Directive, Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code would exclude application of Article L.632-1-6° of French Commercial Code, 
which provides for an automatic nullity of security interest granted during the hardening period 
to secure past obligations of a debtor and, therefore, that the Collateral Security, which is 
governed by Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, would not 
be avoided on the basis of said Article L.632-1-6° of French Commercial Code; and

--- Page 43 ---
43. 
 
 
- 
in the specific case of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code, which provides for a 
potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à titre onéreux) if the counterparty of the debtor 
was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor was unable to pay its debts due 
with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). Article L.513-18 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code provides that the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French 
Commercial Code are not applicable to contracts entered into by or with SCF, or to legal 
transactions entered into by SCF or on their behalf, where such contracts or such transactions are 
directly related to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
Disproportionate guarantee 
Pursuant to Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code, a creditor may be held liable towards a bankrupt 
debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor entailed a damage and the security interest securing such credit is 
disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that credit. In such case, such security interest may be void or 
reduced by the judge. However, there is only few French case law decisions interpreting and implementing the 
provisions of Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code and accordingly, there is an uncertainty as to 
whether the provisions of Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code would apply to the Collateral Security. 
Moreover, Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the provisions of 
book VI of the French Commercial Code shall not impede (ne font pas obstacle) the application of Articles L.211-
36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, save in case of fraud.

--- Page 44 ---
44. 
 
 
9. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that, in the following section, the expression "Notes" will only include 
French Law Notes and the expression "Noteholder(s)" includes any holder of such Notes. 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of SCF, incorporated 
under French law on 8 December 2004 for a period of 99 years as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. 
The Issuer is registered under the name of Société Générale SCF in the Commercial and Companies Registry 
(Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Nanterre under number 479 755 480. The Issuer's office is at 17, Cours 
Valmy, 92800 Puteaux, France, its telephone number: +33 1 42 14 70 63. On 20 December 2007, the Issuer was 
authorised to act as a SCF by the Credit Institutions and Investment Services Companies Commission (Comité des 
établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement) (now the ACPR). The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
of the Issuer is 969500F9HMMIJD7DJC28. The website of the Issuer is : http://prospectus.socgen.com/. 
The Issuer is governed, inter alia, by the French Commercial Code and by the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. In relation to its capacity as a SCF, the Issuer is governed by the provisions of Livre V Titre I Chapitre III 
Section 2 (see "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal 
issues"). 
The Issuer is a member of the Société Générale group (the "Group").  
 
Diagram of the Issuer’s Group  
 
Share capital 
 
The Issuer's share capital, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, amounts to EUR 150,000,000 divided into 
15,000,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares of EUR 10. At the date of this Base Prospectus, 99.99 per cent of this 
share capital is owned by Société Générale and the remainder is owned by SOGEPARTS, a fully-owned Société 
Générale’s affiliate, which holds one share of the Issuer's share capital. 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the capital 
of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
On 16 October 2007, Société Générale formalised a declaration of financial support for its affiliate Société 
Générale SCF. The text of the declaration of financial support is translated (for information purposes only) as 
follows:

--- Page 45 ---
45. 
 
 
"Paris, 16 October 2007 
Within the scope of its financing policies, Société Générale has created a société de crédit foncier (Société 
Générale SCF), governed by legal and regulatory provisions of the French monetary and financial Code (Articles 
L.513-2 and seq.). 
Société Générale will hold more than 95% of the capital of Société Générale SCF on a long term basis. 
Société Générale will ensure that Société Générale SCF develops its activity in compliance with the above-
mentioned legal and regulatory activity requirements and Société Générale has undertaken to provide it with its 
support so as to ensure its global solvency and liquidity to meet its obligations. 
Société Générale 
Daniel Bouton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Président Directeur Général)" 
Original text in French: 
"Paris, le 16 octobre 2007 
Dans le cadre de sa politique de refinancement, Société Générale a créé une société de crédit foncier (Société 
Générale SCF) soumise aux dispositions législatives et réglementaires prévues par le Code monétaire et financier 
(articles L.513-2 et suivants). 
Société Générale détiendra durablement plus de 95 % du capital de Société Générale SCF. 
Société Générale veillera à ce que Société Générale SCF développe son activité dans les conditions d’activité 
législatives et réglementaires précitées et Société Générale s’est engagée à lui apporter son soutien assurant sa 
solvabilité et sa liquidité globales pour faire face à ses obligations. 
Société Générale 
Daniel Bouton, Président Directeur Général" 
Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview 
In accordance with Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code which defines the exclusive 
purpose of the SCF and with Article 2 of its by-laws, the Issuer's exclusive purpose consists in carrying out the 
activities and operations below, whether in France or abroad: 
(i) 
credit operations and assimilated operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to SCF 
and within the limits of its license; 
(ii) 
financing operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to SCF by means of issuance 
of OF or any other resources in accordance with the regulations applicable to SCF; and 
(iii) 
any ancillary activities expressly authorized by the texts on SCF for the achievement of its exclusive 
corporate purpose. 
For a description of the legal framework applicable to SCF, see "Summary of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and other legal issues". 
The Issuer may sign all necessary agreements with credit institutions or financing companies (sociétés de 
financement) to procure services for the management and recovery of its loans, exposures and other eligible 
financial assets, OF and other resources.  
The establishment of the Issuer takes place as part of the Société Générale refinancing and is intended to lower the 
overall cost of funding for the Group by mobilising eligible assets at a competitive cost. The Issuer's assets are 
limited to (i) public exposures complying with the provisions of Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and

--- Page 46 ---
46. 
 
 
Financial Code and (ii) assets assimilated to those public exposures, as defined in Article L.513-5 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code.  
The OF which will be issued by the Issuer are expected to be rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moody’s and listed 
on the Luxembourg and/or Paris stock exchanges. 
By offering the market AAA/Aaa rated OF, which are a reflection, among other factors, of the intrinsic quality of 
the assets of Société Générale SCF, the Issuer aims to increase the competitiveness of Société Générale. By 
providing the market with a second counterparty (in addition to Société Générale), the Issuer should increase the 
Group's investor base.  
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the total amount of the 
assets of the Issuer must cover the amount of the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège up to at least one hundred 
and five per cent. (105%), as further described in "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés 
de crédit foncier and other legal issues". 
Affiliates 
According to Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer, as a SCF, is not entitled to 
hold any equity interest (participations) in any entity. 
Management of the Issuer and compliance with the corporate governance regulations  
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (Conseil d'administration). 
The Issuer’s board of directors, which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 8 members, including Société 
Générale, has full powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits set by its internal 
rules and the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer and subject to the powers expressly conferred by the French 
Commercial Code on shareholders in general meetings. 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French sociétés anonymes, as 
provided by the French Commercial Code, and to specialized credit institutions, as provided by the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with French applicable corporate law, the chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil 
d’administration), who is also Chief Financial Officer of the Retail Bank of Société Générale in France, organises 
and directs the work of the board of directors, of which he shall give an account at the shareholders’ meetings, 
ensures that the governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and that the directors are able to perform their 
duties. 
The management of the Issuer consists of a Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and a Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (directeur général délégué). All of them are vested with the broadest powers to act in all 
circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits of the corporate purpose, and subject to the powers expressly 
attributed by law to shareholders’ meetings and the special powers of the board of directors. They represent the 
Issuer in its relationships with third parties. The Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and the Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (directeur général délégué) are liable for the conduct of the Issuer’s activities vis-à-vis the 
ACPR in accordance with Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors and principal activities performed 
by them outside the Issuer are as follows:  
Names 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the Issuer 
Agathe Zinzindohoue 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Chief executive 
officer (directeur 
général) and 
director 
(administrateur) 
Group Treasurer of Société 
Générale

--- Page 47 ---
47. 
 
 
Names 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the Issuer 
Arnaud Mezrahi 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Deputy chief 
executive officer 
(directeur général 
délégué) and 
director 
(administrateur) 
Head of Funding of Société 
Générale group 
Clara Levy-Barouch 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Chairman of the 
board of directors 
(Président du 
conseil 
d’administration) 
and 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Chief Financial Officer of the 
Retail Bank of Société Générale 
Thierry Samin  
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Head of Financial and Banking 
Regulations of Société 
Générale group 
Isabelle Maury 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Independent 
Director 
(administrateur 
indépendant) 
Independent Director 
Marie-Aude Le Goyat 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Group Accounting Supervision 
and Quality Officer in Group 
Finance Department of Société 
Générale 
Nicolas Cosson 
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Deputy Head of Group Credit 
Risk of Societe Generale 
Jérôme Brun  
17, cours Valmy - 
92800 Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Head of Program Risk 
Valuation of Société Générale 
 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the members of the board 
of directors (membres du conseil d’administration) and their private interests. 
 
Control of the Issuer  
The Issuer appointed Deloitte & Associés as auditor (commissaires aux comptes) in 2007 and renewed in 2010 
whose mandate expired at the General Shareholders’ Meeting which approved the Annual Accounts as of 31 
December 2015 on 17 May 2016. Deloitte & Associés has been renewed as statutory auditor in 2016 for a mandate 
of six years in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Issuer has appointed Ernst & Young et Autres 
as co-statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes) in 2013 whose mandate expired at the General Shareholders’ 
Meeting which approved the Annual Accounts as of 31 December 2018 on 15 May 2019. The appointment of 
Ernst & Young et Autres as auditor of the Issuer has been renewed on 15 May 2019 and will terminate on the 
date of the General Shareholders Meeting approving the Annual Accounts as of 31 December 2024. The 
appointment of Deloitte & Associés as auditor of the Issuer has been renewed on 17 May 2016 and will terminate 
on the date of the General Shareholders Meeting approving the Annual Accounts as of 31 December 2021. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code a Specific Controller (Contrôleur Spécifique), and a substitute Specific Controller (Contrôleur 
Spécifique suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed by the board of directors 
of the Issuer with the approval of the ACPR.

--- Page 48 ---
48. 
 
 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Monetary and Financial Code (in 
particular, verifying the eligibility of the assets and the cover ratios). He also monitors the balance between the 
Issuer’s assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow adequacy) and notifies the board of directors 
of the Issuer and the ACPR if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory. The Specific Controller attends all 
shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of directors (Article L.513-23 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code). 
Under the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions, payment services 
and investment services subject to the supervision of the ACPR (formerly Regulation no. 97-02 of 21 February 
1997, as amended from time to time, of the Comité de la règlementation bancaire et financière), the board of 
directors of the Issuer set up an audit committee (the "Audit Committee"). The Audit Committee is responsible 
in particular, under the supervision of the board of directors, for (i) reviewing the accounts of the Issuer before 
their presentation to the board of directors, (ii) ensuring that the accounting methods used to prepare the individual 
accounts are relevant and consistent, (iii) advising on the organisation of the internal audit and (iv) reviewing the 
situation of the Issuer in terms of risks and internal control in order to take appropriate decisions and action plans. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, two committees have been established to comply with Article L.511-89 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code: a risk committee (the "Risk Committee") and a nomination committee (the 
"Nomination Committee").  
The Risk Committee monitors the overall risk strategy and exposure through scrutiny of indicators and risk events 
and the consistency of products’ and services’ prices with the Issuer risk profile. It has the responsibility of issuing 
recommendation on acceptable risk levels and of informing the Board of Directors upon the occurrence of any 
event or level of risk that would require supervision. This committee also (i) examines the ALM policy of the 
Issuer, (ii) ensures that checks and procedures relating to the Issuer’s ALM policy are effective and (iii) attends to 
the effective application of principles in force within Société Générale with respect to risk management in 
connection with entering into forward financial instruments in order to give the Issuer complete protection from 
rate and currency risks. 
The Nomination Committee is in charge of (i) identifying and recommending the futures administrators to the 
administrative body, (ii) periodically examining the policies of the administrative body in matters of selection and 
appointment and (iii) proposing an objective to be achieved concerning the balanced representation of women and 
men of executive officers and persons in charge of key functions. 
 
The management of the Issuer can thus be summarised by the following chart:  
 
Audit 
Committee
Isabelle Maury
Chairman
Risk 
Committee
Nicolas Cosson
 Chairman
Nomination 
Committee
Marie-Aude Le Goyat
Chairman
Société Générale
Société Générale SCF
Clara Levy-Barouch, Chairman of the board of directors 
Agathe Zinzindohoue, Chief executive officer 
Arnaud Mezhrahi, Deputy chief executive officer 
99,99%

--- Page 49 ---
49. 
 
 
 
 
Staff 
The Issuer has no human resources. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, Société 
Générale, which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer’s board of directors, pursuant to the 
Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement and any document entered into between the Issuer and Société Générale 
in relation thereto (see "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale"). 
Membership of professional organisation 
The Issuer is member of the Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande Armée, 
75584 Paris CEDEX 17. 
The Issuer is also member of the Covered Bond Label which is a quality label (the "Label") responding to a 
market-wide request for improved standards and increased transparency in the covered bond market. 
The Label is based on the Covered Bond Label Convention which defines the core characteristics required for a 
covered bond programme to qualify for the Label. This definition of the required characteristics, compliant with 
Article 129(7) of the CRR, is complemented by a transparency tool developed at national level based on the 
"Guidelines for National Transparency Templates". 
The Covered Bond Label was created by the EMF/European Covered Bond Council (ECBC) in 2012. It was 
developed by the European issuer community working in close cooperation with investors and regulators and in 
consultation with all major stakeholders.

--- Page 50 ---
50. 
 
 
10. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
Historical financial information concerning the Issuer 
Historical financial information concerning the Issuer is contained in the documents incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus by reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference"). 
See "Description of the Issuer – Issuer’s exclusive purpose and business overview" and "Summary of the legislation 
and regulations relating to sociétés de credit foncier and other legal issues".  
Comparative Financial Data (in thousands of EUR) 
 
The financial statements of Société Générale SCF have been prepared in accordance with general accounting 
principles applicable in France to credit institution. The method adopted for valuing items recorded in the 
accounting records is historical cost.  
 
 
Income Statement 
31/12/2020 
Audited 
31/12/2019 
Audited 
Net banking income 
20,337 
15,183 
Gross operating income 
14,663 
10,457 
Net income 
9,772 
6,691 
Balance Sheet 
Total balance sheet 
12,015,393 
8,629,520 
Shareholders’ equity 
260,844 
251,071 
Debt securities 
11,647,227 
8,359,869 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the total balance sheet of the Issuer was 12,015,393 thousand of euros whereas it was 
8,629,520 thousand of euros as of 31 December 2019. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since the last published annual audited accounts. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer since the end of the last financial period for which financial statements have 
been published. 
 
Cash Flow Statement (in thousands of EUR) 
The cash flow statement analyses changes in cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing 
activities between two financial periods. Financing activities represent bonds borrowings. 
The cash flow statement was established according to rules applicable to the regulation no. 2014-07 of 26 
November 2014 of the Autorité des normes comptables applicable to credit institutions, as well as to accounting 
principles generally admitted in the French banking profession. 
 
 
31/12/2020 
Audited 
31/12/2019 
Audited 
Net 
cash 
flow 
from 
operating activities 
(3,286,427) 
80,760

--- Page 51 ---
51. 
 
 
Net cash flow relating to 
investment activities 
- 
- 
Net cash flow relating to 
financing activities 
3,287,360 
(81,259) 
Changes in net cash 
933 
(499) 
Total 
9,478 
8,545

--- Page 52 ---
52. 
 
 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French Law Notes in the 
following section. 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes will be used for financing or refinancing: 
(a) 
the granting of loans under the Facility Agreement; and 
(b) 
from time to time, the granting or acquisition of the other assets of the Issuer, in accordance with its by-
laws (statuts) and Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 53 ---
53. 
 
 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to the section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SCF and Société Générale" of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
54. 
 
 
13. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF AND SOCIÉTÉ 
GÉNÉRALE 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French Law Notes in the 
following section. 
On or about the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale SCF has entered into, inter alia, the following 
contracts, as amended from time to time: 
• 
a management and recovery agreement entered into with Société Générale (the "Management and 
Servicing Agreement"), pursuant to which Société Générale shall carry out, in accordance with Article 
L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the management and recovery of the assets of 
Société Générale SCF; 
• 
an outsourcing agreement entered into with Société Générale (the "Outsourcing Agreement") pursuant 
to which Société Générale shall fulfil regulatory obligations of permanent supervision, periodic 
supervision and compliance supervision on behalf of Société Générale SCF; 
• 
an assistance agreement entered into with Société Générale (the "Assistance Agreement") pursuant to 
which Société Générale shall provide Société Générale SCF with certain services required by the 
operations of Société Générale SCF, in particular for financial (financial management) and legal 
purposes; 
• 
a dealer agreement entered into with Société Générale (the "Dealer Agreement") in relation to the 
Programme; 
• 
an agency agreement entered into with Société Générale and Société Générale Luxembourg (the 
"Agency Agreement") in relation to the Programme; 
• 
a facility agreement (the "Facility Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer shall make available from 
time to time to Société Générale (the "Borrower") loans, within the limit of its commitment maximum 
amount; 
• 
one or several collateral security agreements (the "Collateral Security Agreements") pursuant to 
which Société Générale (a) shall secure its obligations to the Lender under the Facility Agreement by 
way of transfers of full title (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) or pledges over public 
exposures governed by Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or by way of 
assignment as security under Dailly law (cession Dailly à titre de garantie) of public exposures 
governed by Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Collateral 
Security"), (b) undertakes, as security of its obligations to the Lender under the Facility Agreement, to 
fund and transfer (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as cash collateral (gage-espèces) 
pursuant to Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a cash collateral liquidity 
reserve into the credit of the Issuer’s account opened in the books of Société Générale (or such other 
account or bank as the Issuer may specify for this purpose) in an amount equal to (i) the aggregate 
amount of principal and interest payable by the Issuer under all Series of Notes with non-extendable 
maturities during the period starting from, and including, the one hundred and eightieth (180th) calendar 
day preceding the Final Maturity Date of those Series and ending on, and including, such Final Maturity 
Date less (ii) any assets of the Issuer complying with the requirements set forth in Article R.513-6 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Cash Collateral Liquity Reserve")and (c) shall pay, 
within ten (10) Business Days when the Moody’s Counterparty Risk Assessment of Société Générale 
is below Baa2 (CR) by Moody’s or within sixty (60) calendar days when the long-term issuer credit 
rating (ICR) of Société Générale is below A by S&P, into the credit of a dedicated account to be opened 
within such period in the name of Société Générale SCF and in the books of a bank having a certain 
minimum rating, an amount equal to the collections scheduled to be received by Société Générale under 
the Collateral Security during the following two (2) calendar months (the "Collection Loss Reserve");  
• 
in order to hedge any interest rate or currency risk arising from the mismatches between the terms and 
conditions of the Notes and the Collateral Security Assets, two sets of hedging agreements (the

--- Page 55 ---
55. 
 
 
"Hedging Agreements"), and related hedging transactions, which altogether constitute the hedging 
strategy of this Programme (the "Hedging Strategy"), as follows: 
(a) 
the first set of Hedging Agreements is entered into by the Issuer with Eligible Hedging 
Provider(s) in order to hedge any currency and/or interest rate risk borne by the Issuer in 
connection with (i) any Series of Notes as of the Interest Commencement Date or any further 
Issue Date; and (ii) the Collateral Security Assets (the "Issuer Hedging Agreement(s)", and the 
related transactions, either, with respect to any Series of Notes, the "Notes Hedging 
Transactions" or with respect to the Collateral Security Assets, the "Pool Hedging 
Transaction(s)"). An Issuer Hedging Agreement has been entered into between, the Issuer and 
Société Générale as Eligible Hedging Provider and a Notes Hedging Transaction (an interest 
swap transaction) governed thereby has been entered into in connection with Series A of the 
Notes; 
(b) 
the second set of Hedging Agreements is to be entered into by the Issuer with the Borrower upon 
the occurrence of a downgrading of the Borrower below the minimum required in accordance 
with the rating agencies publics methodologies and criteria and constitutes a back-to-back 
agreement with the Pool Hedging Transaction(s) under the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s). It aims 
at transferring to the Borrower the effect of the Pool Hedging Transaction(s) as long as no Event 
of Default under the Facility Agreement occurs (the "Borrower Pool Hedging Agreement(s)", 
the related transactions being the "Borrower Pool Hedging Transaction(s)"); 
(c) 
pursuant to the terms of the Hedging Agreement(s):  
(1) in the event that the relevant ratings of the Eligible Hedging Provider is or are downgraded 
by a Rating Agency below the required ratings specified in the relevant Issuer Hedging 
Agreement, the relevant Eligible Hedging Provider will, in accordance with and pursuant 
to the terms of the Issuer Hedging Agreements, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include one or more of the following: (i) providing collateral for its 
obligations under the Issuer Hedging Agreements; (ii) arranging for its obligations under 
the Issuer Hedging Agreements to be transferred to a replacement Eligible Hedging 
Provider with the ratings determined in accordance with the methodologies published by 
the Rating Agencies (as specified in the Issuer Hedging Agreements); (iii) procuring 
another entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency (as specified in the 
Issuer Hedging Agreements) to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the 
Issuer Hedging Agreements; and/or (iv) taking such other actions as the Eligible Hedging 
Provider may agree with the relevant Rating Agency; 
(2) for as long as Société Générale is a party to a Issuer Hedging Agreement, Société Générale 
may terminate any Pool Hedging Transaction and Borrower Pool Hedging Transaction on 
any Pool Hedging Transaction Renewal Date (as defined in the Issuer Hedging 
Agreement(s)) and shall conclude a new Pool Hedging Transaction and Borrower Pool 
Hedging Transaction with the Issuer in respect of any Series of Notes outstanding as of 
such date; 
(3) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Facility Agreement, and the 
subsequent transfer in favor of the Issuer of title to the Collateral Security Assets (as this 
term is defined under the Collateral Security Agreements) following an enforcement of the 
Collateral Security: (i) the Borrower Pool Hedging Agreement will be immediately 
terminated and (ii) the Issuer will maintain its rights and obligations under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreements; 
(d) 
any amount payable under the Issuer Hedging Agreements, after any applicable set-off as the 
case may be, benefit from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, whereas the amounts payable under the Borrower Pool Hedging Agreement(s) 
shall not; 
(e) 
for the purpose of the above paragraphs:

--- Page 56 ---
56. 
 
 
"Eligible Hedging Provider" means a financial institution which meets the following 
conditions: 
- 
it is permitted under any applicable law to enter into forward financial contracts with 
French residents,  
- 
it is a Qualifying Entity (as defined below); and  
- 
it has sufficient credit ratings which are commensurate with the then current rating of 
the Notes in accordance with the public methodologies and criteria of the Rating 
Agencies; 
"Qualifying Entity" means an entity which, at the time of conclusion of the relevant Hedging 
Agreement, fulfils the conditions imposed by applicable laws taking into account, as the case 
may be, any double taxation agreement in force at that time (subject to the completion of any 
necessary procedural formalities) and any applicable rulings, as the case may be, issued by the 
relevant tax authorities, in order for a payment under such Hedging Agreement not to be subject 
to (or as the case may be, to be exempt from) any withholding tax or similar tax.

--- Page 57 ---
57. 
 
 
14. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be only applicable to 
the French Law Notes (the "Terms and Conditions"). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms 
and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so 
completed (in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed 
on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to "Conditions" are to the 
numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Société Générale SCF (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest and nominal amount of 
the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the issue date, aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption 
price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms 
and conditions which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount 
of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final 
Terms"). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 13 July 2021, as amended 
from time to time (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Société Générale as fiscal agent and principal 
paying agent and the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the "Agents". The holders of the interest 
coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the "Receipts") relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in instalments are 
respectively referred to below as the "Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders". 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a 
member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended from time to time. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which 
shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder either in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by

--- Page 58 ---
58. 
 
 
the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. "Instalment Notes" are issued with one or more 
Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in 
materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more clearing 
system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes"or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in these Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)"). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
in the United Kingdom will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.  
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be completed 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be fulfilled through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained 
by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions,

--- Page 59 ---
59. 
 
 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes and (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Note and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of 
the holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member 
State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the 
Treaty establishing the European Community (the "EC", as amended from time to time (the 
"Treaty")) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, 
"EMU"), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust 
the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final 
Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes 
effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to Article 123(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting 
from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency 
Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the 
Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be 
paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer.  
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference herein to the relevant national currency shall 
be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with any 
redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or 
additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated Euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon or any other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation 
to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected 
in connection therewith. 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes  
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré).

--- Page 60 ---
60. 
 
 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
 Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, securities (including the Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
3. 
Status 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to them 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
equally and rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code as described in Condition 4 (the "Privilège"). 
4. 
Privilège 
(a) 
The principal and interest of the Notes benefit from the Privilège (priority right of payment) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French 
Commercial Code), pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code: 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and forward financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (in each case after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of 
deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of 
OF such as the Notes, and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the 
Privilège; it should be noted that not only Notes benefit from the Privilège; other resources (such 
as loans) and forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) for hedging Notes and 
for hedging other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as well as some ancillary expenses 
and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in Article L.513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code may also benefit from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
 in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, all amounts 
due regularly under OF such as the Notes, and any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, 
are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred 
or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, 
until all creditors (including the Noteholders) benefiting from the Privilège, have been fully paid, 
no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of OF such as 
the Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61. 
 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines, and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, 
as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, based on publicly available information that reasonably 
confirms that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Original Reference Rate or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Original Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that either or both of the parties or the Calculation Agent is not, or 
will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Reference Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(II) and which is customary in market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV). 
"Benchmark Trigger Event" means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer or any successor thereto (the "TARGET 2 System") is operating (a "TARGET 
2 Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
so specified.

--- Page 62 ---
62. 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act", "Act/Act-ISDA" or "Actual/365-FBF" 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 
if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of 
more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out 
in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where  
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
360
1

--- Page 63 ---
63. 
 
 
 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following 
exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor 
the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one 
(31) days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1  (30,31) 
then: 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
or 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
360
1
360
1
360
1

--- Page 64 ---
64. 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, 
the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during 
such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days, 
subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of 
days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days,  
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period  
the fraction is: 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]. 
(x) 
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 x [[360 x ( Y2 - Y1)] + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
360
1
360
1

--- Page 65 ---
65. 
 
 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted 
or will adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, in their updated version applicable as 
of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (together the "FBF Master Agreement"). 
"Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, annoncing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is actually 
defined or described in the definition of the Original Reference Rate) in relation to which a 
priority fallback is specified. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international reputation or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or 
such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
(2) TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling 
or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified

--- Page 66 ---
66. 
 
 
Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated version applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000) as may be specified for the purpose of providing 
a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the 
person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
"Rate Determination Agent" means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or (iv) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate 
(which, if EURIBOR is the Reference Rate, shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Reference Rate" means the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised 
Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders 
of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the Reference Rate is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-zone) 
or, if none is so connected, Paris.

--- Page 67 ---
67. 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
(the "FSB") or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(II), is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, 
more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Rate Determination Agent will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the one which 
is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the 
relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment

--- Page 68 ---
68. 
 
 
Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
"Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day Convention", 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the "Preceding Business 
Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable 
on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, which may be: 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction (Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(y) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating 
Rate Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" 
and "Date de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions.  
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" specifies that the rate 
is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
 (B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 69 ---
69. 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination 
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following or (if applicable) with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z): 
(w) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity) or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the persons whose Reference 
Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(x) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(C)(w)(I) above applies and no Reference Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (C)(w)(II) above 
applies and fewer than two Reference Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the

--- Page 70 ---
70. 
 
 
Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); and 
(y) 
if paragraph (C)(x) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone 
as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are 
quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a 
period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on 
business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); except that, if fewer than two of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, 
Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). If 
the provisions of this paragraph (y) fail to provide a means of determining the Rate 
of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) below shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of a Benchmark Trigger Event, Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z) below shall apply. 
(z) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes (except for SOFR 
reference rate Notes) 
(I) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Trigger 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph 
(II)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
paragraph (III)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with paragraph 
(IV)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) 
shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate 
Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate 
Determination Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the 
Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest

--- Page 71 ---
71. 
 
 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the last available Original Reference 
Rate. 
(II) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that:  
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (III)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)); or  
b. 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (III)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z)). 
(III) 
Adjustment Spread  
If the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(IV) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) and the Rate Determination Agent 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
(if any) (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (V) vary these Conditions to the 
extent needed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall 
be deemed to have accepted the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this paragraph (IV), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(V) 
Notices  
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) 
will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the 
Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any). Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 72 ---
72. 
 
 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
a. 
confirming that (i) a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, (iii) any 
Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z); and  
b. 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread (if any).  
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. In the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) as specified 
in such certificate, and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(VI) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (I), (II), (III) 
and (IV), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will continue to apply unless and until these fallback 
provisions fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest. 
If the Original Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR or SOFR, as the case may be, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the Final 
Terms. In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Original Reference Rate" 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available of next longer length than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(b) 
Provisions specific to SOFR reference rate  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound or SOFR 
Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x)  
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any);  
(y)  
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 73 ---
73. 
 
 
(z) 
if SOFR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
where: 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards:  
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, 
but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be 
SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 74 ---
74. 
 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni"means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 75 ---
75. 
 
 
"USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but 
excluding the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i"; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as 
such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. 
(New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does 
not appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have

--- Page 76 ---
76. 
 
 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
As used herein: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR, as defined above; provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry- accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenor, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with

--- Page 77 ---
77. 
 
 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;

--- Page 78 ---
78. 
 
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator’s Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, from a Fixed Rate to 
another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to another Floating Rate. The Issuer election to 
change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective 
after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to another Floating Rate 
(the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms (the 
"Automatic Switch Date"). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, in the applicable Final Terms, 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) pursuant to 
an Issuer's Option or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(d) and is not 
paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as 
the case may be), shall be the Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest 
for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (see Condition 6(d)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well 
after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the 
case of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph.

--- Page 79 ---
79. 
 
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of 
Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (w) if FBF 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (x) otherwise all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) 
all figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable on such date as it may be required to calculate any rate 
or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, shall calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so 
require, such Regulated Market or other stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market or other stock exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at any time be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents 
if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as

--- Page 80 ---
80. 
 
 
defined above). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign 
its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or its maturity is extended as provided below, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of a Note falling 
within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
An extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") which means a date falling one (1) year 
after the Maturity Date, may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this case, if the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date, the payment 
of such Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable 
on the Extended Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
remaining unpaid on the initially scheduled Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest 
Payment Date from (and excluding) such Maturity Date to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. 
During the extended period, interest will continue to be calculated and to accrue on any unpaid principal 
amount at the relevant Rate of Interest and be payable on each Interest Payment Dates and on the 
Extended Maturity Date (if not earlier redeemed on an Interest Payment Date). 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended pursuant 
to the Issuer's option in accordance with Condition 6(c), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates 
and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall 
be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the 
related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than six (6) Business Days' prior irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders redeem all or some of the Notes on any date fixed 
for redemption (the "Optional Redemption Date"). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued 
to the Optional Redemption Date, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount

--- Page 81 ---
81. 
 
 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the 
Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the 
rules applicable to such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
or (ii) in a leading financial newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised 
Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of Condition 6(i), the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the relevant notice (it being 
understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount") calculated in accordance with sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) below, as the case may 
be. 
 
(i) 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(ii) below), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i), shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for redemption as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the amount 
of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(i) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(i) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall

--- Page 82 ---
82. 
 
 
have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be), in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any Note 
be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(g), at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) 
at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be either (i) held and resold or (ii) cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) below, all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation will be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant 
Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Subscription by the Issuer of Notes as collateral with the Banque de France 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, a SCF may, by derogation to the provisions of of Articles 1349 of the French Civil 
Code and L.228-44 to L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code, subscribe to its own Notes for the sole 
purpose of pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) in order to secure the credit 
transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions 
determined by the Banque de France for its monetary policy and intraday credit policy, if the SCF is 
not able to cover its cash needs with the other means available to it, provided that : 
(i) 
the total amount of the OF subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the 
total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège on the 
date of their subscription; 
(ii) 
such OF are desentitled of their rights under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code as so long as the SCF holds them;

--- Page 83 ---
83. 
 
 
(iii) 
such OF are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-day period starting 
from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such Notes shall be cancelled by 
the SCF at the end of such 8-day period); and 
(iv) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the OF subscribed by the SCF in accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article 
L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, shall be cancelled within an 8-day period starting 
from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France. 
(i) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform 
or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given 
not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, shall be any country in the Euro-zone, and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas 
subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes, other 
than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of

--- Page 84 ---
84. 
 
 
any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) 
of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Note to which 
it appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Materialised Note to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry 
of five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agent(s) with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent(s) would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
but without prejudice to Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 85 ---
85. 
 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of 
the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, does 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), 
Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at any time maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and ensuring the financial services of the Notes free of charges to 
the Noteholders so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in such other city where the Notes 
are admitted to trading, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration 
Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which 
the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency 
or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET 2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in Paris and the principal financial centre of 
the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 
System.

--- Page 86 ---
86. 
 
 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within a period of ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Meeting and voting provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and votings by, the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply: 
(A) references to a "General Meeting" are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a single 
Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written 
Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(i)  
those Notes which have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled; 
(ii)  
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable 
after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (and where appropriate 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders) and remain available for payment against 
presentation of the relevant Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes which have been surrendered and cancelled and 
in respect of which replacements have been issued; 
(iv)  
those Materialised Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect 
of which replacements have been issued; and 
(v)  
any Temporary Bearer Global Certificate to the extent that it has been exchanged for Definitive 
Materialised Notes; 
(vi)  
provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those Notes (if any) which 
are for the time being held by any person (including but not limited to the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless 
and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding;

--- Page 87 ---
87. 
 
 
(D) "Resolution" means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed (x) at a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) by a Written 
Resolution; and 
(E) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of "clear days", no account shall be taken of the day on which 
a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the applicable Final Terms 
specify "No Masse", the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Monetary and Financial Code, (a) the Noteholders 
shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a 
representative of the noteholders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general 
meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Commercial Code relating to general 
meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) Whenever the words "de la masse", "d’une même masse", "par les représentants de 
la masse", "d’une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la masse intéressée", 
"composant la masse", "de la masse à laquelle il appartient", "dont la masse est 
convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", appear in the 
provisions of the French Commercial Code relating to general meetings of 
noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted ; and 
(B) General Meetings will be governed by the provisions of the French Commercial 
Code, except for Article L.228-65 and all other Articles which are ancillary or 
consequential to such Article, the second paragraph of Article L.228-68, the second 
sentence of the first paragraph and the second paragraph of Article L.228-71, Article 
R.228-69, Article R.228-79 and Article R.236-9 of the French Commercial Code and 
subject to the following provisions: 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
A General Meeting shall have power: 
(A) to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer 
and the Noteholders or any of them; 
(B) to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of 
the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its or their property 
whether these rights arise under the Notes or otherwise; 
(C) to agree to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes which is proposed by the 
Issuer; 
(D) to authorize anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give 
effect to a Resolution; 
(E) to give any authority or approval which is required to be given by Resolution; 
(F) to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees 
to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any committee or 
committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Resolution provided that (a) persons who are connected with the Issuer 
within the meaning of Articles L.228-49 and L.228-62 of the French Commercial 
Code and (b) persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been

--- Page 88 ---
88. 
 
 
deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in 
whatever capacity may not be so appointed; 
(G) to deliberate on any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights 
in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions; 
(H) to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, 
shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations 
and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for 
or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities as stated above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; 
(I) to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes; 
(J) to appoint a nominee to represent the Noteholders’ interests in the context of the 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer and more particularly file a proof of claim in 
the name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French 
Commercial Code, in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request of any 
Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will 
file the proof of Noteholders’ claim; and 
(K) to deliberate on any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and 
benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
it being specified, however, that a General Meeting may not establish any unequal treatment 
between the Noteholders, and that the above provisions (in particular under (H) above) are 
without prejudice to the powers of the ACPR, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph (vi) shall apply to any Resolution (a 
"Special Quorum Resolution)" for the purpose of making a modification to the Notes which 
would have the effect of: 
a. 
modify the Maturity Date of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount 
payable at maturity; or 
b. reduce or cancel the amount payable or modify the payment date in respect of any interest 
in respect of the Notes or vary the method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of 
the Notes (other than as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV)); or 
c. 
reduce any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
d. modify the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
e. 
modify the majority required to pass a Resolution; or 
f. 
sanctioning any scheme or proposal described in paragraph (H) above; or 
g. alter this provision. 
For the avoidance of doubt a General Meeting has no power to decide on: 
x. the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets 
(apports partiels d’actif) of or by the Issuer;

--- Page 89 ---
89. 
 
 
y. the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a 
different Member State of the European Union; or 
z. 
the decrease of the share capital of the Issuer for reasons other than to compensate losses 
suffered by the Issuer. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article 
L.213-6-3 IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, all the rights and prerogatives of 
individual creditors in the circumstances described under (x) to (z) above, including the right to 
object (former opposition) to the transactions described under (x) to (z). 
(iii)  
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one tenth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within seven (7) calendar days after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting and determine its agenda. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance 
with Condition 13 not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting. 
(iv)  
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other 
means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders as provided 
mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code (upon referral of Article 
R.228-68 of the French Commercial Code). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the right of each holder 
of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in 
the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, 
on the second Business Day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
(v)  
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their members to be chairman 
(the "Chairman") by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of any quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and 
present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman 
of the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(vi)  
Quorum, Adjournment and Voting 
The quorum at any meeting for passing a Resolution shall be one or more Noteholders present 
and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one twentieth in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes any Special Quorum Resolution, the quorum shall be one or more Noteholders present

--- Page 90 ---
90. 
 
 
and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall, if convened by Noteholders, be dissolved. 
In any other case, it shall be adjourned for a period being not less than fourteen (14) clear days 
nor more than forty-two (42) clear days and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved 
by the Fiscal Agent. If within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the 
Chairman may decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not 
present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the 
transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either 
dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not less than fourteen (14) clear days (but 
without any maximum number of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman 
(either at or after the adjourned meeting) and approved by the Fiscal Agent, and the provisions 
of this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Noteholders present (whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and 
shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Resolution, any Special Quorum 
Resolution or other resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been 
dealt with at the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been 
present. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with Condition 13 but not less 
than ten (10) clear days prior to the date of a General Meetings for the approval of a Resolution 
other than a Special Quorum Resolution and not less than twenty-one (21) clear days prior to the 
date of a meeting for the approval of a Special Quorum Resolution and the notice shall state the 
relevant quorum. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or 
represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a Resolution other than a Special 
Quorum Resolution and by seventy-five per cent. (75%) of the votes cast by Noteholders 
attending or represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a Special Quorum 
Resolution. 
(vii)  Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, instead of the holding of a General 
Meeting, to seek approval of a Resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. 
Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.223-20-1 of the French Commercial Code, approval of a 
Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be given in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and 
time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until 
after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a "Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or approved 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than ninety per cent. (90%) in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding.

--- Page 91 ---
91. 
 
 
(viii)  Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, 
shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether 
or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in 
such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to 
the Resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in 
any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the "Masse"). 
(i)  
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the 
Masse (the "Representative") and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a 
"General Meeting"). The provisions of the French Commercial Code relating to the Masse shall 
apply, as completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this paragraph (b). 
(ii)  
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Commercial Code, the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and its alternate will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be 
entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of 
the death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii)  
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the right of each holder 
of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in 
the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, 
on the second Business Day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Commercial Code, notice of 
date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with Condition 
13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first 
convocation, and five (5) calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Commercial Code, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis 
mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code (upon referral of Article R.228-
68 of the French Commercial Code).

--- Page 92 ---
92. 
 
 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13. In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11 
of the French Commercial Code, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a 
Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to 
approve the proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes 
(obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made respectively pursuant to Article 
L.228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in 
the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 will, 
to the extent permitted by such Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11, be published in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(iv)  
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 10(a)(vii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse 
(in each case, the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code with the exception, 
pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French Commercial Code, of Article L.228-48, the second sentence 
of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71 and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-69, R.228-79 and 
R.236-11, and subject to the following provisions: 
(i)  
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the "General 
Meeting"). 
(ii)  
Representative of the Masse 
Condition 10(b)(ii) is deemed to be reproduced here. 
(iii)  
General Meetings 
Condition 10(b)(iii) is deemed to be reproduced here, except for the last sentence of the last 
paragraph which is not applicable. 
(iv)  
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 10(a)(vii) is deemed to be reproduced here. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the day of each General Meeting, and, in the case of an adjourned 
General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of 
such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports prepared in connection with such 
Resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution.

--- Page 93 ---
93. 
 
 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, the calling and holding of General 
Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that, where 
the applicable Final Terms specify "No Masse" or "Contractual Masse", no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the holders of Notes 
of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been consolidated 
(assimilées for the purposes of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes issued will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so long as 
the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. 
Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall 
provide copies of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer has the 
right to amend the Terms and Conditions with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded 
in amounts of, at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of the Noteholders, in order 
to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in order to make any modifications or amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions as the Rate Determination Agent may deem necessary pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV). 
11. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated 
by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided 
such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save 
for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes 
provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 94 ---
94. 
 
 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), may 
from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on 
giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate 
the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such 
other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, 
at the option of the Issuer, (ii) they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published 
in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable to 
that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if published in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market so require, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, or as otherwise required 
by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 13(a), (b) and (d); provided that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and notice shall also be published  as otherwise required by the rules applicable to 
that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as otherwise required by the 
rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this 
Condition. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Versailles.

--- Page 95 ---
95.

--- Page 96 ---
96. 
 
 
15. 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES  
The following description is only applicable to French Law Notes. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes and will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream "). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate to a 
Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other International Central Securities Depositories ("ICSDs") through direct 
or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other ICSDs. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any other ICSDs may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, or other ICSDs. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description 
of the Programme-Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) containing rules 
identical to those applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for 
Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid in respect of the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Notes will be securely printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to

--- Page 97 ---
97. 
 
 
such day pursuant to Condition 12(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day 
falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 calendar days (and that are not relying 
on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 98 ---
98. 
 
 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French Law Notes) 
 
16. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPs/IMPORTANT -PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PRIIPs/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
 
1 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA, the legend should 
be included. Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
2  
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK, the legend should 
be included. Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients. 
3  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 99 ---
99. 
 
 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
 
OR 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].]5 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, (in accordance with 
the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non- advised sales and pure execution services]] 
OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]6 
 
 
 
 
4  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
5  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
6  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 100 ---
100. 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF 
(Issuer) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500F9HMMIJD7DJC28 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] obligations foncières due []  
Series []  
Tranche []  
(the "Notes") 
under the € 20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 101 ---
101. 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 13 July 2021 which received approval no. 21-323 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 13 July 2021 [as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base 
prospectus dated [] which received approval no. [] from the AMF on []] ([together] the "Base Prospectus") 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the issue of the 
Notes is attached to these Final Terms.]7 The Base Prospectus, [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these 
Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) during a period of 
twelve (12) months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where 
copies may be obtained]. [In addition8, the Base Prospectus, [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these 
Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are 
the [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] 
/ [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2014 EMTN Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2010 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2009 EMTN Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 13 July 2021 which 
received approval no. 21-323 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 13 July 2021 [as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [] which received approval no.[] from the 
AMF on []] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the "Final Terms") 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (including the [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 
EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2014 EMTN Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2010 
EMTN Conditions] / [2009 EMTN Conditions] incorporated by reference therein). [In addition, a summary of the 
issue of the Notes is attached to these Final Terms.]9 Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and the [2020 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2014 EMTN Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2010 EMTN Conditions] / [2009 EMTN Conditions]. The 
Base Prospectus, and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and (b) the 
Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
where copies may be obtained]. [In addition10, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
[on/at] [].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to 
whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors, material mistake or material inaccuracy" 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
 
 
7  
Only for issue of Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000. 
8  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
9          Only for issue of Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000. 
10  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 102 ---
102. 
 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
Series: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will, upon listing and 
admission to trading, be assimilated (assimilées), 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [[Currency] [Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]] on 
[]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued interest 
at a rate of [] per cent. of such Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s):  
[] 
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes)  
 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/ [●] (specify date)] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, SOFR or other] +/– [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
103. 
 
 
[Specify 
details 
for 
convertibility 
of 
the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of Conditions 5(d)] 
12. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
 
 
[] 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[] in each year up to and including the [Maturity 
Date/Extended Maturity Date] 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons] 
[where applicable [(adjusted pursuant to the 
[specify applicable Business Day Convention and 
any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"])]] / [(Unadjusted)] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per [] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
in/on [] [insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] / Not 
Applicable 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / Bond 
Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 / (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 104 ---
104. 
 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the 
relevant Business Day Convention is not intended 
to affect the Interest Amount payable on any date] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[FBF Determination/ ISDA Determination/ Screen 
Rate Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[] 
 
(ix) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
 
[] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination]  
 
• Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination] 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• Reset Date: 
[]

--- Page 105 ---
105. 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• Original Reference Rate: 
[] [Either EURIBOR, SOFR or other] 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period (as 
per Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), insert the relevant 
interest period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination] 
 
• Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
• Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
• Primary Source: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
[In the case of SOFR delete this paragraph] 
 
 
• Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
[In the case of SOFR delete this paragraph] 
 
 
• [Manner in which the SOFR Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[SOFR Lockout Compound / SOFR Lookback 
Compound/ SOFR Observation Shift Compound]] 
 
 
• [SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lockout 
Compound) 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 
 
• [Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]] 
 
 
• [Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation 
Shift Compound)  
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Reference Rate - specify if not Paris] 
 
• Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
 
• Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
 
• Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period]

--- Page 106 ---
106. 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum/ [Not Applicable]  
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero per cent. (0.00%) per annum]/[] per cent. 
per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / Bond 
Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 / (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)  
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)  
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (excluded): 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in item 
[15/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv)  
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ 
[Condition 5(c), as though the Note was a Floating 
Rate Note] with further variables set out in item 
[15/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(v)  
Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vi)  
Automatic Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vii)  
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[] Business Days prior to the [Switch 
Date]/[Automatic Switch Date] / [Not Applicable] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / Bond 
Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 / (American

--- Page 107 ---
107. 
 
 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
  
20. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on early redemption (Condition 6(i)): 
 
[[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination] / 
[As per Condition 6(d)(ii)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/ 
Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur)/ administered registered

--- Page 108 ---
108. 
 
 
form (au nominatif administré)/ fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent can be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[] (the "Exchange Date"), being forty (40) 
calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payment dates for the 
purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
 
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 7(g)): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(ii) and 16(v) relate]11 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/The next following 
business day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which case such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day.] [The immediately preceding 
business day]/[Other9] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
26. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
1(d)] apply] 
27. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
12(b)] apply] 
28. 
Meeting and Voting Provisions (Condition 
10): 
 
[[No Masse]/[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] 
shall apply] 
(Note that (i) Condition 10 (a) (Contractual 
representation of Noteholders/No Masse) is only 
applicable in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent and (ii) Condition 
10 (c) (Contractual Masse) is only applicable in 
respect of any Tranche of Notes issued (a) outside 
France or (b) with a Specified Denomination of at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent) 
(If Condition 10 (b) (Full Masse) or (c) 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert below details 
 
11 In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(g)).

--- Page 109 ---
109. 
 
 
of Representative and alternate Representative 
and remuneration, if any:)[Name and address of 
the Representative:[●]] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative:[●]] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/ 
The Representative will receive a remuneration 
of:[●]] 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into Euro at the rate of [] per cent. 
producing a sum of: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / []] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris /other 
(specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 12  
Signed on behalf of SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SCF: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised [Signature of the legal representative of the Issuer or the person responsible for the prospectus 
according to the relevant national law] 
 
 
 
12 
Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 110 ---
110. 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing(s): 
[[Euronext Paris] / other (specify)/ Not Applicable] 
(b) 
(i) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] / (specify relevant regulated 
market) with effect from [].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] / (specify relevant regulated market) with 
effect from [].] / [Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting an assimilated (fungible) 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are 
already listed and admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets 
on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
securities of the same class of the 
Notes to be admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[] 
(c) 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[] ]13 
(d) 
Additional 
publication 
of 
Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
 
[] (See paragraph 10 of the section "General 
Information" of this Base Prospectus which 
provides that the Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) during a 
period of 12 months from the date of this base 
prospectus. Please provide for additional methods 
of publication in respect of an admission to trading 
on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes are expected to be rated: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: []] 
[Moody's France S.A.S.: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]14  
(The above disclosure should reflect the credit 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
 
13 Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
14 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000.

--- Page 111 ---
111. 
 
 
issue has been specifically rated, that credit 
rating.) 
(Where documenting an assimilated (fungible) 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are 
already rated) 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and 
Moody’s France S.A.S. is established in the 
European Union and is registered under European 
Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and 
Moody's France S.A.S. is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]  
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] 
not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name 
of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [has][have] been 
endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK CRA(s)], 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
[has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the 
rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]15 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has 
been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous 
with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names 
of competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus and the supplement[s] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
4.  
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the assets of 
the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, after settlement of this issue and of the issues 
which have been the subject of previous attestations. 
 
15 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 112 ---
112. 
 
 
5. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS 
OF ANY INTEREST16 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final Terms in 
respect of the Issuer or the Notes, provide such person's name, business address, qualifications and 
material interest if any in the Issuer. If the report has been produced at the Issuer's request a statement 
to that effect that such statement or report is included, in the form and context in which it is included, 
with the consent of that person who has authorised the contents of that part in respect of the Issuer or 
the Notes. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.] 
6. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: "Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has a material interest in the offer." 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 17 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫]* / [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus]  
*(if reasons for offer different from those stated in "Use 
of Proceeds" will need to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫]. [Include breakdown of expenses.]18 
 
16  
 Please note that some regulatory authorities may require the inclusion of that information even though the denomination of the 
Notes is €100,000 or more. 
17  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
18  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 113 ---
113. 
 
 
8. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND INFORMATION ON 
FLOATING RATE NOTES 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SOFR, other] rates can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from [Reuters]/ 
[●](give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance).] 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmark Regulation") 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register for administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
9. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[].] 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A.and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es) and provide any other appropriate 
information] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of initial Paying Agents: 
[Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Société Générale

--- Page 114 ---
114. 
 
 
BP 81236 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
44312 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
Luxembourg Paying Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter  
L-2420 Luxembourg] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[] 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated /Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses]19 of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]20: 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names[, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]21 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)]22 
(c) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]23 of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address24]] 
(e) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession25: 
 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
[C Rules apply/ D Rules apply/ TEFRA not Applicable] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors26: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
19  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
20  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
21  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
22  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
23  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
24  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
25  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
26 
The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 115 ---
115. 
 
 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors27: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
27  
The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA

--- Page 116 ---
116. 
 
 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Issue Specific Summary to be inserted for a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency)]

--- Page 117 ---
117. 
 
 
 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
In the following section, the expression "Notes" will only include French Law Notes and the expression 
"Noteholders" includes any holder of French Law Note. 
 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 13 July 2021, as amended from 
time to time between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be 
offered by the Issuer to the Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealer(s), acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe for 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the Dealer Agreement and the Dealer(s) in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, 
comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final 
Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the securities laws of 
any State or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer(s) has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
or the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells the Notes a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of Notes during the distribution compliance period, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes,

--- Page 118 ---
118. 
 
 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in a Member State of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, expressions (i) "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and (ii) "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 119 ---
119. 
 
 
Germany 
No Base Prospectus nor any prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation has been, nor will be, 
published in Germany or filed with the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) with regard to any Notes. 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, and will not be 
offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly to the public in Germany, except in compliance with all applicable 
laws in particular the Prospectus Regulation and the German Investment Product Act. 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of Notes as an 
investment product for any investor. In particular, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the eligibility of any 
Notes as investment for any Noteholder domiciled in Germany and subject to particular regulatory requirements 
with regard to its investments, including, without limitation, insurance companies, pension funds, credit 
institutions and investment funds. Unless explicitly stated otherwise in the Conditions or the Final Terms, no 
reference therein to particular German law regulatory requirements implies or may be construed to imply any 
representation or warranty by the Issuer as to the suitability of the relevant Note for the Noteholder. 
France  
Each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Italy 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of 
Italy in connection with the offering of the Notes and such offering of Notes has not been registered with the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("Consob") in the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation and, accordingly, no Note may be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not be offered, sold, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public (offerta al pubblico), 
nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation 
pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented by Article 
35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale, transfer or delivery of 
Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, will be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Consob Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, the Legislative 
Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, Consob Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative 
Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act"), in each case as amended from time to time, 
and any other applicable laws or regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on 
the issue or the offer of securities in; and

--- Page 120 ---
120. 
 
 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be imposed from 
time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authorities. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes, and the information 
contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed to any third-party 
resident or located in the Republic of Italy for any reason. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 121 ---
121. 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, (i) it is 
a person whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to the persons whose ordinary activities involve in it acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or whose it is reasonable to expect they will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of Note would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the  FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including and corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 122 ---
122. 
 
 
18. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
For the following section, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French Law Notes and the 
expression "Noteholders" includes any holder of such French Law Notes. 
(1) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF as competent authority in France under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the French Law Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such French Law Notes. Application will be made in certain circumstances to 
list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the listing and admission 
to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of the European Economic Area. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until [•] July 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when 
the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer. The board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer may 
delegate to any of its members and to any other person, the power to decide on the issue of such Notes 
within a period of one year. For this purpose, the board of directors (conseil d’administration) of the 
Issuer has delegated on 28 September 2020, to its chief executive officer (directeur général) and to its 
deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) acting jointly or separately, from 29 
September 2020 the power to issue OF under the Programme, up to a maximum amount of € 
20,000,000,000 (i) per issue and (ii) in aggregate for one year, which authority will, unless previously 
cancelled, expire on 29 September 2021. 
(3) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
(5) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there have been no recent events which the Issuer considers 
material to the investors since 31 December 2020.  
(6) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not or has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.  
(7) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de 
la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, 
Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common 
Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(8) 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-16 IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Specific 
Controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than 
the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing 
programme and for any issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above Euro 500 million or its 
equivalent in the currency of issue. The Specific Controller also certifies that the conditions provided 
for under Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are met, as the case may be.

--- Page 123 ---
123. 
 
 
(9) 
Ernst & Young et Autres (represented by Vanessa Jolivalt, Tour First, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La 
Défense Cedex) and Deloitte & Associés (represented by Marjorie Blanc Lourme, 6 place de la 
Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex), have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on 
the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020. Ernst 
& Young et Autres (represented by Vanessa Jolivalt, Tour First, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense 
Cedex) and Deloitte & Associés (represented by Marjorie Blanc Lourme, 6 place de la Pyramide, 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex), have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019. Société 
Générale SCF's statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires 
aux Comptes (official statutory auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut 
Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). The 
appointment of Ernst & Young et Autres as auditor of the Issuer has been renewed on 15 May 2019 
and will terminate on the date of the General Shareholders Meeting approving the Annual Accounts 
as of 31 December 2024. The appointment of Deloitte & Associés as auditor of the Issuer has been 
renewed on 17 May 2016 and will terminate on the date of the General Shareholders Meeting 
approving the Annual Accounts as of 31 December 2021. 
(10) 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of 
(a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/). The Final Terms 
related to Notes traded on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be 
published, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites of 
(a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/).  
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide 
whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) the 
Regulated Market where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the 
Member State of the EEA, as the case may be, where the Notes have been admitted to trading. 
(11) 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays 
and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the 2020 Annual Financial Report, the 2019 Annual Financial Report and the EMTN Previous 
Conditions; 
(iii) 
Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated 
Market; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus, 
including the certificate of the Specific Controller in respect of (i) each quarter relating to the 
borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and (ii) each issue of Notes in a principal 
amount equal to or above Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in the currency of the relevant 
issue. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, of the Temporary Global 
Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons, of the Receipts and of the Talons) 
will be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s)). 
(12) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 124 ---
124. 
 
 
(13) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the yield. The yield will be 
calculated at the time of the issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated 
as the yield to maturity as of the Issue Date of the Notes and it will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot the Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there 
is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager(s)) 
will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included 
in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus 
or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(16) 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes or receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
(17) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended from time to time, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan 
and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
(18) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500F9HMMIJD7DJC28.

--- Page 125 ---
125. 
 
 
19. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) may contain certain statements that are 
forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business strategies, expansion and growth of 
operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information 
on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
"believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may 
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Prospective investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 126 ---
126. 
 
 
20. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which shall 
constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a 
replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes. The Issuer shall submit 
such supplement to this Base Prospectus or replacement base prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each 
Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 127 ---
127. 
 
 
21. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2009 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 29 
2010 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 29 
2012 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 29 
2014 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 30 
2015 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 30 
2017 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 30 
2018 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 30 
2019 Annual Accounts ............................................ 29 
2019 Annual Financial Report ............................... 29 
2019 Annual Report ................................................ 29 
2019 Auditors’ Report ............................................ 29 
2019 EMTN Conditions .......................................... 30 
2020 Annual Accounts ............................................ 29 
2020 Annual Financial Report ............................... 29 
2020 Annual Report ................................................ 29 
2020 Auditors’ Report ............................................ 29 
30/360 ....................................................................... 62 
30/360-FBF .............................................................. 63 
30E/360 ..................................................................... 63 
30E/360-FBF ............................................................ 64 
30E/360-ISDA ........................................................... 64 
360/360 ..................................................................... 62 
A/360 ........................................................................ 62 
A/365 (Fixed) ........................................................... 62 
A/365 F ..................................................................... 62 
Account Holder ....................................................... 58 
ACPR ......................................................................... 6 
Act/360 ..................................................................... 62 
Act/365 (Fixed) ........................................................ 62 
Act/Act ..................................................................... 62 
Act/Act-ICMA ......................................................... 62 
Act/Act-ISDA .......................................................... 62 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) ................ 63 
Actual/360 ................................................................ 62 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................... 62 
Actual/365-FBF ....................................................... 62 
Actual/Actual ........................................................... 62 
Actual/Actual-FBF .................................................. 62 
Actual/Actual-ICMA .............................................. 62 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ................................................ 62 
Adjusted Payment Date .......................................... 84 
Adjustment Spread ................................................... 61 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ............................ 61 
Agency Agreement ............................................ 54, 57 
Agent ........................................................................ 68 
Agents ....................................................................... 57 
Alternative Rate ........................................................ 61 
AMF ..................................................................... 1, 99 
Assembly .................................................................. 20 
Assistance Agreement ............................................. 54 
Audit Committee ..................................................... 48 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ...................... 77 
Automatic Switch Date ........................................... 77 
Bail-in Power ........................................................... 19 
Bank ......................................................................... 84 
Banking Act ........................................................... 117 
Base Prospectus ................................................... 1, 99 
Basel III ................................................................... 41 
Benchmark Amendments .................................. 61, 71 
Benchmark Regulation ........................................... 22 
Benchmark Trigger Event ....................................... 61 
Bond Basis ............................................................... 62 
Borrower.................................................................. 54 
Borrower Pool Hedging Agreement(s) .................. 55 
Borrower Pool Hedging Transaction(s) ................ 55 
Broken Amount ....................................................... 67 
BRRD ....................................................................... 19 
BRRD II ................................................................... 20 
BRRD Revision ....................................................... 20 
Business Centre(s) ................................................... 61 
Business Day ............................................................ 61 
C Rules ..................................................................... 11 
Calculation Agent ............................................. 57, 69 
Calculation Period .................................................. 62 
Cash Collateral Liquidity Reserve ........................ 54 
Chairman ................................................................. 88 
clear days ................................................................. 86 
Clearstream ................................................... 1, 58, 94 
Code ................................................................... 11, 83 
Collateral Directive ................................................. 42 
Collateral Security .................................................. 54 
Collateral Security Agreements ............................. 54 
Collection Loss Reserve .......................................... 54 
Common Depositary ............................................... 94 
Conditions................................................................ 57 
Consob ................................................................... 117 
Couponholders ........................................................ 57 
Coupons ................................................................... 57 
CRA Regulation ............................................ 1, 7, 109 
CRBF Regulation .................................................... 35 
CRD ......................................................................... 41 
CRD IV-Package ..................................................... 41 
CRD Revision .......................................................... 41 
CRD V ...................................................................... 41 
CRR ......................................................................... 41 
CRR II ..................................................................... 41 
CRR Revision .......................................................... 41 
D Rules ..................................................................... 11 
Day Count Fraction ................................................ 62 
Dealer Agreement ........................................... 54, 115 
Definitive Materialised Notes ........................... 58, 94 
Dematerialised Notes .................................... 1, 10, 57 
Designated Maturity ............................................... 69 
Determination Date ................................................ 62 
Determination Period ............................................. 62 
distributor.................................................................. 4 
Early Redemption Amount .................................... 80 
EC............................................................................. 59 
EEA .................................................................... 35, 57 
Effective Date .......................................................... 65 
Electronic Consent .................................................. 89 
Eligible Hedging Provider ...................................... 56

--- Page 128 ---
128. 
 
 
Eligible States .......................................................... 35 
EMTN Previous Conditions ................................... 30 
EMU ......................................................................... 59 
ESMA ......................................................................... 1 
EURIBOR ................................................................ 22 
Euro Zone ................................................................ 65 
Eurobond Basis ....................................................... 63 
Euroclear ....................................................... 1, 58, 94 
EUWA ........................................................................ 4 
Exchange Date ....................................................... 106 
Extended Maturity Date ..................................... 8, 79 
Facility Agreement .................................................. 54 
FBF Definitions ....................................................... 65 
FBF Master Agreement .......................................... 65 
FBF Rate .................................................................. 68 
FCA ............................................................................ 4 
FIEA ....................................................................... 119 
Final Terms ................................................... 1, 57, 99 
Financial Centre(s) ................................................. 84 
Fiscal Agent ............................................................. 57 
Fixed Coupon Amount ........................................... 67 
Fixed Rate Notes ..................................................... 58 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes ...................................... 58 
Floating Rate ..................................................... 68, 69 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention ............... 68 
Floating Rate Determination Date......................... 68 
Floating Rate Notes ................................................. 58 
Floating Rate Option .............................................. 69 
Following Business Day Convention ..................... 68 
French Code Civil ................................................... 39 
French Commercial Code ........................................ 6 
French Law Notes ..................................................... 1 
French Monetary and Financial Code .................... 1 
FSB ........................................................................... 67 
FSMA ......................................................................... 4 
General Meeting .......................................... 85, 90, 91 
German Law Notes ................................................... 1 
Group ....................................................................... 44 
Hedging Agreements............................................... 55 
Hedging Strategy .................................................... 55 
holder of any Note ................................................... 59 
ICSDs ....................................................................... 94 
Independent Adviser............................................... 65 
Index Cessation Event ............................................ 65 
Instalment Notes ..................................................... 58 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............................. 4 
Interest Accrual Period .......................................... 65 
Interest Amount ...................................................... 65 
Interest Commencement Date ............................... 65 
Interest Determination Date .................................. 65 
Interest Payment Date ............................................ 66 
Interest Period ......................................................... 66 
Interest Period Date ................................................ 66 
Investor's Currency ................................................ 26 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................... 66 
ISDA Rate ................................................................ 69 
Issuer .................................................................... 1, 57 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ............................. 77 
Issuer Hedging Agreement(s)................................. 55 
Label ........................................................................ 49 
LCR .......................................................................... 14 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ....................................... 41 
Management and Servicing Agreement ................ 54 
Masse ........................................................................ 91 
Materialised Notes ........................................ 1, 10, 57 
Maturity Date ............................................................ 8 
MiFID II .................................................................... 4 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules ...................... 4 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ..... 68 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ....................................... 41 
New EU Covered Bonds Framework ...................... 42 
Nomination Committee ............................................ 48 
Noteholder ............................................................... 59 
Noteholders.............................................................. 85 
Notes ...................................................... 1, 7, 57, 85, 92 
Notes Hedging Transactions .................................. 55 
OF............................................................................... 1 
Optional Redemption Date .................................... 79 
Original Reference Rate .......................................... 66 
Outsourcing Agreement ......................................... 54 
outstanding .............................................................. 85 
Page .......................................................................... 66 
Paying Agent ........................................................... 57 
Pool Hedging Transaction(s).................................. 55 
Preceding Business Day Convention ..................... 68 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................................... 4 
Principal Financial Centre ..................................... 70 
Privilège.................................................................... 60 
Programme ................................................................ 1 
Prospectus Regulation .................................1, 99, 116 
Qualifying Entity .................................................... 56 
Rate Determination Agent ....................................... 66 
Rate of Interest ........................................................ 66 
Rating Agencies ......................................................... 1 
Rating Agency ........................................................... 1 
Rating Downgrade Event ....................................... 16 
Receiptholders ......................................................... 57 
Receipts .................................................................... 57 
Redenomination Date ............................................. 59 
Reference Banks...................................................... 66 
Reference Rate ........................................................ 66 
Registration Agent .................................................. 58 
Regulated Market ............................................... 1, 57 
Regulation S .............................................................. 3 
Relevant Date .......................................................... 66 
Relevant Financial Centre...................................... 66 
Relevant Nominating Body ...................................... 67 
Relevant Time ......................................................... 67 
Representative ................................................... 90, 91 
Representative Amount .......................................... 67 
Reset Date ................................................................ 69 
Resolution ................................................................ 86 
Resolution Authority .............................................. 19 
Risk Committee ........................................................ 48 
SCF ............................................................................. 1 
Securities Act ............................................................. 3 
Series ........................................................................ 57 
Special Quorum Resolution ................................... 87 
Specific Controller .................................................. 40 
Specified Currency ................................................. 67

--- Page 129 ---
129. 
 
 
Specified Denomination(s) ..................................... 58 
Specified Duration .................................................. 67 
SRB .......................................................................... 19 
SRM Regulation ...................................................... 19 
SRM Regulation II .................................................. 20 
SRM Regulation Revision ...................................... 20 
Stabilising Manager(s)........................................... 122 
Successor Rate ......................................................... 67 
Swap Transaction ................................................... 69 
Switch Date .............................................................. 77 
Talons ....................................................................... 57 
TARGET 2 Business Day ....................................... 61 
TARGET 2 System ................................................. 61 
TEFRA ..................................................................... 11 
Temporary Global Certificate ........................... 1, 94 
Terms and Conditions ............................................ 57 
Tranche .................................................................... 57 
Treaty ....................................................................... 59 
UK............................................................................... 4 
UK MiFIR ................................................................. 4 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ..................... 4 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .............................................. 4 
unit ........................................................................... 78 
Written Resolution.................................................. 89 
Written Resolution Date ......................................... 89 
Zero Coupon Notes ................................................. 58

--- Page 130 ---
130. 
 
 
Issuer 
 
Société Générale SCF 
17, Cours Valmy 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
 
 
Arranger 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Dealer 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
Société Générale  
BP 81236 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
43312 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter  
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex  
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer and Documentation 
Advisers 
 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Legal Advisers to the Dealer 
 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris  
France