--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
(incorporated in France) 
€50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme  
Under the €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Société Générale (Société Générale or the Issuer) may from time to time, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives and to the provisions set out herein, issue unsecured notes to be governed either by English law or by French law (respectively, the 
English Law Notes and the French Law Notes and together, the Notes). Notes may either be senior or subordinated (respectively the Senior 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes). Senior Notes may either be senior preferred notes (the Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (the Senior Non-Preferred Notes). The Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below). This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Subject 
as set out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any minimum or maximum maturity and cannot be undated Notes. The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not at any time exceed €50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
issue date) or such greater amount as is agreed between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers (as defined herein). The Notes will be issued to 
one or more of the Dealers specified in the “General Description of the Programme” and/or any additional dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) on a continuing basis. The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the English 
Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and the terms and conditions of the 
French Law Notes (the French Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes” (the 
English Law Conditions and the French Law Conditions together, the Terms and Conditions or the Conditions). 
English Law Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes, which include Bearer SIS Notes (as defined in the English Law Conditions)), in 
registered certificated form (Registered Notes) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form as Uncertificated SIS Notes (as defined in 
the English Law Conditions). French Law Notes may be issued in dematerialised form or materialised form.  
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) will be deposited with a common depositary or, in the case of new global notes, a common safekeeper 
on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA Bearer SIS Notes (certified in a Permanent Global SIS Note) will be deposited 
with the Swiss securities services corporation SIX SIS Ltd (SIS) or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd (SIX Swiss Exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus 
dated 17 January 2020, as supplemented from time to time. Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to (i) Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (ii) the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Notes may also be unlisted. Euronext Paris and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange are regulated markets 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended (a Regulated Market). The Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and/or admitted to trading, and if so, on which market(s). Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other such regulated 
market or offered to the public in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which (except in the case of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market nor offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom) will be filed with the AMF. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings (Fitch), A1 by Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd. (Moody’s) and A by S&P Global Ratings (S&P, and, together with Fitch, Moody's and S&P, the Rating Agencies). Ratings can come under 
review at any time by Rating Agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant Rating Agencies in order to have access to the 
latest rating (respectively: http://www.moodys.com, http://www.fitchratings.com and http://www.standardandpoors.com). The Rating Agencies are 
established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, appear on the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Certain Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings referred to above and, during the life of such 
Notes, such rating(s) may be suspended, changed or withdrawn. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time and without prior notice by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public in France and/or 
in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu), as the case may be, and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, 
before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Luxembourg

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ...................................................................................... vii 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................ 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................. 14 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF 
NOTES .................................................................................................................... 30 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 33 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................. 42 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................... 43 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES .......................................... 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES ......................................... 120 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 185 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................... 214 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE ...................................................................... 216 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER ..................... 217 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................ 225 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................ 229 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................... 236 
APPROVAL FROM THE AUTORITE DES MARCHES FINANCIERS .............................. 236 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 237

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains 
or incorporates by reference all relevant information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (“filiales consolidées”) taken as a whole (the Group) and the Notes that is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes not contained herein will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue and will be set out in the Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents that are 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), with any supplement 
thereto that may be published from time to time, and in relation to any Tranche of Notes, with the Final 
Terms. 
Subject as provided in the Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the Final Terms as the Dealers and the 
persons named in, or identifiable pursuant to, the Final Terms as Authorised Offerors, as the case may 
be.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information nor to make any 
representation other than those contained, or incorporated by reference, in or consistent with this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Programme or the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained or incorporated by reference herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme (including any information incorporated by reference herein) or the Notes (a) is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation or 
a statement of opinion (or a report on either of those things) by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that (i) the information contained or incorporated by reference herein concerning 
the Issuer or the Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or (ii) any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to their attention. 
No investment should be made in the Notes of any Series until after careful consideration of all risk 
factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, that are relevant in 
relation to the Notes of such Series. Prospective investors should reach an investment decision with 
respect to the suitability of the Notes of such Series for them only after careful consideration and 
consultation with their financial and legal advisers. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of 
the Group in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to 
the other matters referred to above.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of 
the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it 
operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or 
regulatory policy applicable to it. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction 
of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes outside the 
European Economic Area (the EEA) or in the United Kingdom or distribution of this Base Prospectus in 
any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus comes must inform themselves of, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes (see the section headed "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) or under any state securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S (Regulation S) of the Securities Act, U.S. Persons) except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Permanently Restricted Notes (as defined below) 
may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person, and 
any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person 
and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons in reliance on Regulation S. By its purchase of a Permanently Restricted Note, each purchaser 
will be deemed to have agreed that it may not resell or otherwise transfer any Permanently Restricted 
Note held by it except outside the United States in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. 
Person. 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes means Registered Notes and/or dematerialised French law Notes sold 
exclusively outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently restricted from sale, 
transfer or delivery in the United States or to a U.S. Person. 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes and/or any other English Law 
Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes which are designated in the Final Terms to be 
Permanently Restricted Notes. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. Persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Notes in any member state of the EEA or in the United Kingdom will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
 
 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms 
in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises 
for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if this Base Prospectus has been completed by Final Terms which 
have been duly published and which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in such Final Terms, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, none of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer 
has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in 
which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish, or supplement, a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Enforcement and recognition of judgements issued by the courts of the United Kingdom: 
Investors should note that, on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union 
under the “Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community” dated 19 October 2019 (the 
Withdrawal Agreement). The Withdrawal Agreement instituted a transition period, ending on 31 
December 2020 (the Transition Period). Further to the Withdrawal Agreement, the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 
(Brussels I Regulation) will no longer be applicable to judgments issued by the Courts of the United 
Kingdom. As a consequence, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts will no 
longer automatically be able to benefit from the recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including 
France) under such Regulation, subject to a new regime being agreed. Accordingly, subject to a new 
regime being agreed, the recognition and enforcement of final and enforceable judgments issued by 
the Courts of the United Kingdom would be governed by the relevant national law, save of any 
applicable international convention.  
On 28 December 2018, the United Kingdom deposited an instrument of accession to the Convention 
on Choice of Courts Agreements dated 30 June 2005 (the Hague Convention) meaning that the Hague 
Convention would become applicable in the United Kingdom as of or shortly after the United Kingdom 
leaves the European Union. On 31 January 2020, the Government of the UK withdrew such instrument 
of accession to the Hague Convention and declared that the UK intends to deposit a new instrument of 
accession at the appropriate time prior to the termination of the Transition Period to ensure the seamless 
continuity of the application of the Hague Convention in the UK. Subject to such timely accession, as 
France is already a party to the Hague Convention, in this respect, judgments handed down by the 
Courts of the United Kingdom should be recognized and enforced under the Hague Convention in 
France. However, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts containing exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognized on exactly the 
same terms and in the same conditions as under the Brussels I Regulation.  
 
PRIIPS/IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
 
 
 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 
3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the SF (CMP) 
Regulations) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the SF (CMP) 
Regulations) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
SWITZERLAND IMPORTANT NOTICE – The Notes described in this Base Prospectus and related 
offering documents do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Notes are 
not subject to authorization and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA) and investors in the Notes issued under this Programme will not benefit from protection under 
the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Notes will bear a credit risk on the Issuer of the 
Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Considerations 
 
vii 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes 
is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the 
Notes. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either 
on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and in 
the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms and conditions of the Notes, including the provisions 
relating to the subordinated ranking and to any write-down or conversion of the Notes and 
is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi)  is aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the 
applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of 
Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-
alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments to reduce risk or enhance yield with 
an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective 
investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes constitute legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
Important Considerations 
 
viii 
 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds related to Positive Impact Notes 
The Final Terms of the Notes may provide that the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds of the issue to finance or refinance, in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities the 
Eligible Activities), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three pillars of 
sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential negative impacts 
and mitigation actions have been duly identified as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond 
framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Framework) which is available on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
Générale 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3%A8 
res/sg_sustainable_and_positive_impact_bond_framework_june_2020.pdf) and as specified in the 
Final Terms, (the Positive Impact Notes). 
 
Positive Impact Notes can be either green (the Green Positive Impact Notes), social (the Social 
Positive Impact Notes) or sustainability (the Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) if an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied to finance or refinance Eligible Activities in the green 
categories, social categories or in both categories (in case of Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) 
pursuant to the Framework. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Final Terms and the 
Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Positive Impact Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to 
what constitutes or may be classified as, a “sustainable”, “green” or equivalently-labelled project or a 
loan that may finance such activity, and the requirements of any such label are currently under 
development. There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of 
proceeds of the Positive Impact Notes identified in the Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments 
are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or regulation or under its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any second party opinion or certification of any other third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Positive Impact Notes and in particular 
with any activity to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of such 
second party opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Any such second party opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Positive Impact Notes. 
 
The Arranger or the Dealers do not make any representation as to the suitability of the Positive Impact 
Notes to fulfil "positive impact" criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger or the Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification 
of whether the Positive Impact Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Investors should refer to Société Générale's website (https://www.societegenerale.com/en/measuring- 
our-performance/investors/debt-investors) or any third party opinion. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.  
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such

--- Page 9 ---
Important Considerations 
 
ix 
 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the 
amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
Société Générale will act as Issuer, as Dealer, as Calculation Agent and, in respect of English Law 
Notes, as Rate Determination Agent, under the Programme. As a result, potential conflicts of interest 
may arise between the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and, in respect of English Law Notes, 
the Rate Determination Agent, including with respect to Société Générale’s duties and obligations as 
Dealer, as Calculation Agent and, in respect of English Law Notes, as Rate Determination Agent. Such 
potential conflicts of interests are mitigated using different management teams and information barriers 
within Société Générale but the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely 
eliminated. 
Differences between the Notes and the bank’s covered deposits in terms of yield, risk and 
liquidity - Prior to acquiring any Notes, investors should note that there are a number of key differences 
between the Notes and bank deposits, including without limitations:  
(i) 
claims in relation to the payment of principal and interest under the Notes rank below claims 
under the so-called “covered deposits” (being deposits below the €100,000 threshold benefiting 
from the protection of the deposit guarantee scheme in accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014);  
(ii) 
generally, demand deposits will be more liquid than financial instruments such as the Notes; 
and  
(iii) 
generally, the Notes will benefit from a higher yield than a covered deposit denominated in the 
same currency and having the same maturity. The higher yield usually results from the higher 
risk associated with the Notes.  
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation, which 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Prospective investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor.  
In addition, as a financial institution, the Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any tax 
liabilities to holders of the Notes and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Notes. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) withholding could be 
payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes if conditions for a charge 
to arise are satisfied. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a detailed explanation of 
FATCA and how FATCA may affect them, including in relation to a possible FATCA withholding risk in 
light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in sections headed "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes" or, as the case may be, "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this General Description. Unless otherwise specified, the expression 
"Notes" shall include the English Law Notes and the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the 
Conditions applicable to such English Law Notes and French Law Notes. 
Issuer: 
Société Générale 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme for the issue 
of notes to be governed by either English law or French law 
(respectively the English Law Notes and the French Law Notes). 
Notes may either be senior or subordinated (respectively the Senior 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes). Senior Notes may be either 
senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-
preferred notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Permanent Dealers: 
Société Générale, Société Générale Luxembourg and any additional 
permanent dealer appointed in respect of the whole Programme in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Programme 
Agreements 
(and 
whose 
appointment has not been terminated). 
Dealers: 
The Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in 
respect of one or more Tranches of Notes in accordance with the 
Programme Agreements (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated). 
Programme Size: 
Up to €50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
issue date of, and in respect to, any Tranche of Notes) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreements. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Société Générale will 
be used for the general financing purposes of the Group. 
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, it is the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to 
finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or 
via loans), in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities, the 
Eligible Activities), as defined in  the sustainable and positive impact 
bond framework of the Issuer, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time (the Framework), such use will be stated in the Final 
Terms of such Notes (the Positive Impact Notes). 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be 
assessed prior to any investment decision. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group 
In particular, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (filiales 
consolidées) taken as a whole (the Group) is exposed to:

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
- risks related to the macroeconomic, market and regulatory 
environments,  
- credit and counterparty risks,  
- market and structural risks,  
- operational risks (including risk of inappropriate conduct) and model 
risks,  
- liquidity and funding risks, and  
- risks related to insurance activities.  
For any further information on the risks relating to the Issuer and the 
Group, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to paragraph I "Risk 
relating to the Issuer and the Group" of section "Risk Factors" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The following categories of risk factors relating to the Notes are 
identified: 
- 
risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer, 
- 
risks related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings, and 
- 
risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue 
of Notes. 
For any further information on the risks relating to the Notes, investors 
and/or Noteholders should refer to paragraph II "Risk relating to the 
Notes" of section "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See section "Subscription and Sale".  
Fiscal Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Registrar: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Paying Agent: 
Société Générale, together with the Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agent appointed in accordance with 
Condition 11 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 10 of the 
French Law Conditions (Appointment of Agents). 
In respect of SIS Notes (comprising either Bearer SIS Notes or 
Uncertificated SIS Notes), and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, Société Générale, Zurich Branch shall act as Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent, together with further additional Swiss Paying 
Agents which may be specified in the Final Terms (and each of the 
expressions of Principal Swiss Paying Agent and Swiss Paying Agent 
shall include any additional or successor Swiss paying agent 
appointed from time to time). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued by way of a private placement or by way of 
a public offer and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis.

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more 
issue dates. Notes from a single Series shall be governed by identical 
terms (except for their respective issue dates and/or issue prices) and 
are fungible with one another. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may be denominated in any currency as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in 
the Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the Final Terms subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency, 
it being specified that the maturity of Subordinated Notes should be of 
at least five (5) years from the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Subordinated Notes. The Notes cannot be undated Notes. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a 
percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount or (ii) as an amount per 
Note of the relevant Specified Denomination) which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Form of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
The English Law Notes will be issued either (a) in bearer form (Bearer 
Notes which include Bearer SIS Notes) (with or without interest 
coupons attached) or (b) in registered certificated form (Registered 
Notes) (without interest coupons attached) or (c) in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form (without interest coupons attached) 
registered with SIX SIS Ltd. (SIS) or any other clearing institution in 
Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(Uncertificated SIS Notes). 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) will on issue be 
represented by either a temporary global note (each a Temporary 
Global Note and a Bearer Global Note) or a permanent global note 
(each a Permanent Global Note and a Bearer Global Note) each 
without interest coupons attached as specified in the Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable either for (a) interests 
in a Permanent Global Note (subject to postponement as further 
described herein) or (b) for Definitive Bearer Notes, as indicated in the 
Final Terms. Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described under section "Form of the Notes". 
Bearer SIS Notes will on issue be represented by a permanent global 
Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without interest coupons 
attached that will be deposited with SIS or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary) on or 
prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche. Permanent 
Global SIS Notes are exchangeable, in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Bearer SIS Notes only in very limited circumstances. Once 
the Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
Intermediary and the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby have 
been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated 
securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated 
Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs benefit 
from a limited exception to the certification in bearer form requirement 
of the TEFRA D Rules if such Bearer SIS Notes fulfil the relevant 
requirements set out in the English Law Conditions. 
Registered Notes will on issue be represented by a Regulation S 
Global Note or a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note (each a 
Registered Global Note and a Global Note) which will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Registered 
Notes 
in 
certain 
circumstances set out in such Registered Global Note. Non-U.S. 
Registered Notes means Registered Notes sold exclusively outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently 
restricted from sale, transfer or delivery in the United States or to a 
U.S. Person.  
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice 
versa. 
Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once 
the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes 
have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. The records of the Intermediary will 
determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the Intermediary. 
Permanently Restricted Notes 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes 
and any other English Law Notes that are designated in the Final 
Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes and French Law 
Dematerialised Notes (as defined below) which are designated in the 
Final Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes. 
French Law Notes 
The French Law Notes will be issued in either dematerialised form 
(Dematerialised Notes) or materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (nominatif pur) or administered registered form 
(nominatif administré). No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 of the French Law 
Conditions (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination). 
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer form only and will only be 
issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will 
initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for 
interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th 
calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as further described herein) upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
For further details, please see the section entitled "Form of the Notes". 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Bearer Global 
Note (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) is a new global note 
(NGN) or if the Registered Global Note is held under the new 
safekeeping structure (NSS), the Bearer Global Note or Registered 
Global Note will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form (a CGN) or if the 
Registered Global Note is not held under the NSS, the Bearer Global 
Note representing Bearer Notes or the Registered Global Note 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. Registered Notes that are 
to be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for such 
clearing system(s). 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, on or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer 
SIS Notes will be deposited with the Intermediary. Once the 
Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the Intermediary 
and the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby have been entered into 
the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, such 
Bearer SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities.  
In the case of Uncertificated SIS Notes, on or before the issue date 
for each Tranche, the Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the 
main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary. Once the 
Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes 
have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
French Law Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable relating to such Tranche 
shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Rate Notes will bear interest at the rate set forth in the Final 
Terms. Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
indicated in the Final Terms) and on the redemption date and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the Final 
Terms. 
Notes may also have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed rate 
of interest specified in the Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the Final 
Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant 
Specified Currency or U.S. Treasury Rate, and for a period equal to 
the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes may also be payable on the Maturity 
Date only.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating-Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate of interest for each 
interest period calculated on the basis of: 
(i) 
any relevant ISDA Rate (meaning a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the fiscal agent or any other person specified 
in the Final Terms, under an interest swap transaction if the 
fiscal agent or that other person were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which the Floating Rate Option and 
the Designated Maturity (both as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) are as specified in the Final Terms and the 
relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is 
the first day of the interest period) plus or minus a margin (if 
any) or 
(ii) 
the offered quotation (or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations) for the reference rate(s) appearing on the 
relevant screen page as at the specified time indicated in the 
Final Terms on the interest determination date (or any 
successor rate or alternative rate), plus or minus a margin (if 
any), as determined by the calculation agent, 
subject in all cases to any maximum and/or minimum rate of interest 
and/or rate multiplier, all as specified in the Final Terms. 
Other 
provisions 
in 
relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both, or be subject to a Rate Multiplier, in 
each case as set forth in the Final Terms. Furthermore, unless a 
higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a 
floating rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest (other than in the case of late 
payment).

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
Early Redemption and 
Purchase: 
- 
Early Redemption of Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Special Tax Event or 
(unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes) a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. 
- 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a 
Tax Deductibility Event, a Capital Event or (if specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. 
- 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Final Terms will indicate whether Senior Notes may be redeemed 
before their stated maturity pursuant to the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer.  
The Final Terms will indicate whether Senior Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity pursuant to the Make-Whole 
Redemption Option, the Residual Maturity Redemption Option, or the 
Clean-up Redemption Option. 
The Final Terms will indicate whether Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer, but 
in any case, no earlier than five (5) years from the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Subordinated Notes. 
- 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
The Final Terms will indicate whether Senior Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders. 
- 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to conditions, at any 
time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
- 
Conditions 
to 
redemption, 
substitution, 
variation, 
purchase or cancellation in respect of Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date 
Redemption, substitution, variation, purchase or cancellation of: 
(i) Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the prior written 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
to the extent required at such date, unless specified as not applicable 
in the Final Terms;  
(ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subject to the prior written 
permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
and  
(iii) Subordinated Notes will be subject to certain conditions, including 
in particular the prior written permission of the Regulator.

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
Substitution and 
variation in respect of 
English Law Notes: 
- 
Substitution and variation of English Law Senior Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Senior Notes or to 
vary their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior 
Notes. 
- 
Substitution and variation of English Law Subordinated 
Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Subordinated Notes 
or to vary their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying Tier 2 
Notes. 
Denomination(s) of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or offered to the public in France and/or 
Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Specified Currency. 
Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and/or 
Consolidation: 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into euro may 
be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation 
with other Notes denominated in euro. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes, or 
any present or future Coupons relating thereto, will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made in respect 
of payments of (i) principal, interest and other assimilated revenues in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) interest only (and not 
principal) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 6 of the 
French Law Conditions (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain a negative 
pledge provision. 
Events of Default; 
No Cross-default: 
If “Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes” are 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, there will be limited events 
of default (but no cross default) in respect of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Otherwise, there will be no events of default in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes and the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and/or any 
related Coupons would not be able to accelerate the maturity of the 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will not contain any Events of Default. In 
no event will Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders be able to accelerate 
the maturity of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
9 
 
 
 
 
Subordinated Notes will not contain any Events of Default. In no event 
will Subordinated Noteholders be able to accelerate the maturity of 
their Subordinated Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred 
Notes) or senior non-preferred notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the 
Issuer under the €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note – Paris 
Registered Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law 
n°2016-1691 
dated 
9 December 2016 
(the 
Law) 
on 
11 December 2016, constitute Senior Preferred Notes. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related 
Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations, as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier (the Code).  
Such Senior Preferred Notes including where applicable any related 
Coupons rank and will rank equally and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
senior obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the date of 
entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Issuer issued after 
the date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from 
statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present or future senior non-preferred obligations 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the 
Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting 
from statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred Creditors) and, 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to 
any present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In 
the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. The

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
 
 
 
 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the 
orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation 
to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related 
Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred obligations 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code).  
Such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including where applicable any 
related Coupons rank and will rank equally and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) issued 
after the date of entry into force of the Law on 
11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the 
Code); and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or 
future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect 
of, obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and of those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Preferred Creditors) 
and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
paid in priority to any present or future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred 
Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will 
be terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such 
liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any related 
Coupons, 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsecured 
and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank equally

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
 
 
 
and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves 
and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, with the exception of subordinated 
obligations referred to in (ii) and (iii) below;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits 
"super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de 
dernier rang); 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future (A) subordinated obligations 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons and (B) subordinated obligations preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
(iv) 
junior to all present or future (A) senior obligations and (B) 
senior obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or 
future senior creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to 
the Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Creditors) and, 
subject to such payment in full, the Subordinated Noteholders and, 
where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any 
prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued 
by it and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(engagements 
dits 
“super 
subordonnés”, 
i.e. 
engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). In the event of incomplete payment of 
Senior Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will 
be terminated. The Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary 
steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of 
Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Waiver of Set-off rights: 
Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention in 
relation to the Notes, to the extent permitted by law. 
Acknowledgement 
of 
Bail-In and Write-Down 
or Conversion Powers: 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
Ratings: 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term 
issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings, A1 by Moody’s Investors 
Service Ltd. and A by S&P Global Ratings. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. 
Prospective investors of Notes should inform themselves of the credit 
rating(s) (if any) applicable to a Tranche of Notes before making any 
investment decision in such Notes. The credit ratings of the Notes, if 
any, will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
The Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on SIX Swiss 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or 
on any other stock exchange, as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes may also be unlisted. 
Offer to the Public: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be offered to the public (i) on a non-
exempt basis in France, Luxembourg and/or in any other jurisdictions 
into which the Base Prospectus has been passported and/or (ii) in 
Switzerland, as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Method of Publication of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published 
from time to time and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public 
in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland, the Final 
Terms related to such Notes will be published on the websites of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu), as the case may be, and of the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com). Copies of such documents may also 
be available for inspection and obtained, upon request and free of 
charge, during usual business hours on any weekday at the head 
office of the Issuer and at the Fiscal Agent's or each of the Paying 
Agents' specified offices, or through any other means in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Final Terms will 
indicate where this Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Governing Laws: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law (except for (i) Condition 3 (Status of 
the Notes) of the English Law Conditions which shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, French Law and (ii) in the case of 
Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and transfer, as set out in 
Condition 1 of the English Law Conditions (“Form, Denomination, Title 
and Redenomination”), which shall be governed by Swiss law and 
particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution 
in Switzerland recognized for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange) 
or French law, as specified in the Final Terms.  
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions in 
various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the United States of 
America, The People's Republic of China, Japan, Switzerland, Hong 
Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Australia, the EEA and jurisdictions within

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
the EEA, including Italy, the United Kingdom and the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg.  
Additional selling restrictions may apply, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms will specify whether 
TEFRA Rules are applicable and, in this case, whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D are applicable. 
Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any 
time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors 
associated with an investment in the Notes. You should carefully consider the following 
discussion of risks, and any risk factors included in the “Risk Factors and Capital Adequacy” 
section on pages 45 to 59 of the Second Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and in the “Risk Factors and Capital Adequacy” section on pages 30 to 32 of the 
Fourth Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, incorporated by reference 
herein.  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
In addition, factors which the Issuer believes may be material for an informed investment decision with 
respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme and for assessing the market risks 
associated with investing in the Notes are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and incorporated by reference herein represent 
the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including in all 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views as to potential risks prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when 
used in this section. 
I. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP  
The Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). The following categories of risk 
factors are identified: 
1. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic, market and regulatory environments 
o 
The coronavirus pandemic (Covid-19) and its economic consequences could 
adversely affect the Group's business, operations and financial position. 
o 
The global economic and financial context, as well as the context of the markets in 
which the Group operates, may adversely affect the Group’s activities, financial position 
and results of operations. 
o 
The Group’s failure to achieve its strategic plan and financial objectives disclosed to 
the market could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations and value 
of its financial instruments. 
o 
The Group is subject to an extensive supervisory and regulatory framework in each of 
the countries in which it operates and changes in this regulatory framework could have 
a negative effect on the Group’s businesses, financial position, costs, as well as on the 
financial and economic environment in which it operates. 
o 
Brexit and its impact on financial markets and the economic environment could have 
an adverse effect on the Group's activities and results of operations. 
o 
Increased competition from banking and non-banking operators could have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business and results, both in its French domestic market and 
internationally.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
o 
The Group is exposed to counterparty and concentration risks, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
o 
The financial soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market 
participants could adversely affect the Group. 
o 
The Group’s results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected by 
a late or insufficient provisioning of credit exposures. 
3. 
Market and structural risks 
o 
Changes and volatility in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business and the results of market activities. 
o 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect retail banking activities. 
o 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Group’s results. 
4. 
Operational risks (including risk of inappropriate conduct) and model risks 
o 
The Group is exposed to legal risks that could have a material adverse effect on its 
financial position or results of operations. 
o 
Operational failure, termination or capacity constraints affecting institutions the Group 
does business with, or failure or breach of the Group’s information technology systems, 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business and result in losses and 
damages to the reputation of the Group. 
o 
Reputational damage could harm the Group’s competitive position, its activity and 
financial condition. 
o 
The Group’s inability to attract and retain qualified employees may adversely affect its 
performance. 
o 
The models, in particular the Group’s internal models, used in strategic decision-
making and in risk management systems could fail or prove to be inadequate and result 
in financial losses for the Group. 
o 
The Group may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including 
sanitary crises, terrorist attacks or natural disasters. 
5. 
Liquidity and funding risks 
o 
The Group’s access to financing and the cost of this financing could be negatively 
affected in the event of a resurgence of financial crises or deteriorating economic 
conditions. 
o 
A downgrade in the Group's external rating or in the sovereign rating of the French 
State could have an adverse effect on the Group's cost of financing and its access to 
liquidity. 
6. 
Risks related to insurance activities 
o 
A deterioration in the market condition, and in particular a significant increase or 
decrease in interest rates, could have a material adverse effect on the life insurance 
activities of the Group's Insurance business.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
II. RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes.  Prospective investors should 
consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with and the suitability of an 
investment in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. The following categories of risk factors 
are identified:  
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
1.1 
The principal amount of the Notes may be reduced to absorb losses, and in case of a 
resolution procedure, the Notes may be written down or converted to equity or other 
resolution measures may be required by applicable French and European legislation  
If the Issuer is subject to resolution, the powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation (each, as defined in Condition 18 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 16 of 
the French Law Conditions (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers)) 
include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt 
instruments such as the Subordinated Notes) and bail-inable liabilities (including senior debt 
instruments, such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes, if junior 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of 
the Issuer in accordance with a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power). Subject to certain exceptions, 
such Bail-in Power is to be implemented, so that losses are borne first by shareholders, then by holders 
of capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Subordinated Notes), then 
by the holders of senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
finally by the holders of senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes), all in 
accordance with the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. The Resolution Authority 
could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution measure, fully or 
partially write down or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes) into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership, if certain conditions are 
met. Condition 18 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 16 of the French Law Conditions 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers) contain provisions giving effect 
to the Bail-in Power in the context of resolution and write-down or conversion of capital instruments at 
the point of non-viability. 
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
variation of the terms of the Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered 
and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). The exercise of any of these powers 
may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment 
in the Notes.  
In addition, the Issuer has to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL), as well as the standard on total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC), which is set forth in 
a term sheet (the FSB TLAC Term Sheet) published by the Financial Stability Board (the FSB). The 
Capital Requirements Regulation II and the BRRD II give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and 
modify the requirements for MREL eligibility. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is above 
its MREL and TLAC Requirements.  
Any failure by the Issuer and/or the Group to comply with its MREL or TLAC Requirements may have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Group’s business, financial conditions and results of 
operations and could result, among other things, in the imposition of restrictions on payments by the 
Issuer. In addition, the application of any measure under the BRRD and BRRD II French implementing 
provisions or any suggestion of such application with respect to the Issuer or the Group could, with 
respect to capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes, materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, investors may lose their entire investment.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
Moreover, if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the 
exercise of write-down/conversion powers or any other resolution tools by the Resolution Authority 
independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution measure when it determines 
that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market price or value of the Notes 
to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Therefore, the application of any measure under the BRRD and BRRD II French implementing 
provisions or any suggestion of such application to the Issuer or the Group could materially and 
adversely affect the rights of investors and/or the price or value of their investment in any Notes 
(including Positive Impact Notes) and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any 
Notes, and as a result investors may lose their entire investment. 
For more details, see section “Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
1.2 
Noteholders’ returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
If the Issuer were to become insolvent, Noteholders’ returns could be limited or delayed. Application of 
French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes (such as interest 
and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency 
laws of other countries. Under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically 
grouped into a single assembly of holders (the Assembly) in order to defend their common interests if 
an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée), a safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), 
whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of their 
governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde 
accélérée), draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated financial safeguard 
plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accelérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de 
plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further agree to: 
• 
partially or totally reschedule payments which are due, write-off debts and/or convert debts into 
ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership (including with respect to amounts owed under 
the Notes); and/or 
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including Noteholders) as 
appropriate under the circumstances. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-thirds majority (calculated as a proportion of the 
amount of debt securities held by the holders casting a vote). No quorum is required on convocation of 
the Assembly. 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, the receiver (administrateur judiciaire) is allowed to take into account 
the existence of voting or subordination agreements entered into by a Noteholder of such Subordinated 
Notes, or the existence of an arrangement providing that a third party will pay the Noteholder’s claims, 
in full or in part, in order to reduce such Noteholder’s voting rights within the Assembly. The receiver 
must disclose the method for computing such voting rights and the interested Noteholder of 
Subordinated Notes may dispute such computation before the president of the competent commercial 
court. The provisions could apply to a Noteholder of Subordinated Notes who has entered into a hedging 
arrangement in relation to the Subordinated Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further 
described in Condition 12 (Meeting and voting provisions) of the French Law Conditions will not be 
applicable to the extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
 
 
 
 
The ACPR must approve in advance the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganization or winding-
up procedures. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings could have an adverse impact on the market value of 
the Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
See also - “Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
1.3 
No right of set-off under the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 19 of the English Law Conditions and 17 of the French Law Conditions (Waiver 
of set-off), the Noteholders waive any and all rights of or claims of set-off, netting, compensation, 
retention and counterclaim (a “claim”) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims 
and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or 
any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes) in relation to the 
Notes, to the extent permitted by applicable law. As a result, the Noteholders will not at any time be 
entitled to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
Therefore, Noteholders may not receive any amount in respect of their claims or any amount due under 
the Notes. 
2. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness, the credit ratings of the Issuer 
and/or its cost of borrowing and a number of additional factors, including the market interest and yield 
rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. The value of the Notes depends on several 
interrelated factors, including economic, financial, regulatory, social, sanitary and political events in 
France and elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges 
on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to its Maturity 
Date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid 
by such purchaser. Therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
2.2 
It is uncertain whether a trading market will develop or continue or that it will be liquid  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may not 
develop in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid.  The liquidity and the market 
prices for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the 
Issuer’s financial condition and prospects and other factors that generally influence the market prices 
of securities. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market and/or on any stock exchange, this 
application may not be accepted, and such Series of Notes may not be admitted to trading or an active 
trading market in respect of such Series may not develop or, once accepted and/or admitted, such 
admission and/or listing will not be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. 
Such situation could materially affect the market value of the Notes. 
2.3 
Reinvestment risks 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate in light of other investments 
available at that time. Such situation could also impact the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
In addition, if the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pursuant to Condition 4 of the English Law 
Conditions or Condition 3 of the French Law Conditions (Interest)) provide for frequent interest payment 
dates investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
2.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch, A1 by 
Moody’s and A by S&P. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, as described in 
section “General Description of the Programme”. Such ratings may be different from the ratings 
assigned to the Issuer by the respective rating agencies. There is no guarantee that any rating of the 
Notes and/or the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer following the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is revised, lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained by the Issuer, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Further, rating 
agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If unsolicited ratings are assigned,  such ratings 
could differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer. 
2.5 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
3. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes  
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for prospective investors depending on the specific structure and features of 
such Notes. 
3.1 
Risks related to the status of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1.1 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that 
rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated 
Notes and the aggregate amount due under such outstanding debt may be substantial. The Issuer’s 
incurrence of additional debt may have important consequences for investors in the Notes, including 
increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy its obligations with respect to the Notes; a loss in 
the market value of the Notes, if any; and a downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating(s) of the 
Notes (if any). The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors 
upon the Issuer's resolution or liquidation. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the 
Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or 
involuntarily) or become subject to any resolution procedure, the Noteholders could suffer loss of their 
entire investment. 
3.1.2 
Absence of events of default in respect of all Notes or, if so specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, limited events of default; no cross default under the 
Notes  
In accordance with Condition 9 of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 of the French Law Notes (Events 
of Default), the Notes do not contain any events of default unless, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
only, specified as applicable in the Final Terms. Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the maturity 
of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, investors will 
not have the right of acceleration of principal.  
If the Final Terms provide that Senior Preferred Notes will contain events of default, a holder of any 
such Senior Preferred Note may only give notice that such Senior Preferred Note is immediately due 
and repayable in a limited number of events. Such events of default do not include, for example, a 
cross-default of the Issuer's other debt obligations. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any 
payment of principal or interest on such Notes will be the institution of judicial proceedings to enforce 
such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and 
investors who sell Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment. 
3.1.3 
Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations ranking junior to Senior Notes  
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, 
are unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to other creditors (including 
depositors) of the Issuer, as more fully described herein and in Condition 3 of the English Law 
Conditions and Condition 2 of the French Law Conditions (Status of the Notes). Subordinated Notes 
are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Subordinated 
Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full 
of all present or future senior creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, subordinated obligations 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and of those preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Creditors) and, subject to such 
payment in full, the Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by it and any 
deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Creditors, 
the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons will be terminated. The Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such 
liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subordinated Noteholders face an increased risk compared to holders of Senior Notes.There is a 
substantial risk that investors in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the 
Issuer become subject to any resolution procedure or insolvent.  
Further, Article 48(7) of BRRD, as amended by BRRD II provides that Member States shall ensure that 
all claims resulting from own funds instruments, as defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(hereafter the Own Funds) (such as the Subordinated Notes and for as long as they qualify as Own 
Funds or additional tier 1 instruments of the Issuer) have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
 
 
 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from Own Funds. Member States shall implement 
into national law and apply these new rules no later than 28 December 2020.  
Consequently, upon entry into force of the respective French provisions implementing this new rule, the 
liabilities resulting from Own Funds that are no longer recognised as such shall have a higher priority 
ranking than any liabilities resulting from Own Funds regardless of their respective contractual rankings.  
As a result, obligations with a higher priority ranking than the Subordinated Notes may in the future 
include obligations that would have ranked junior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes under 
the status provisions provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Any obligations resulting from the Notes would only be satisfied if and to the extent any obligations with 
a higher priority ranking than the Notes have been satisfied in full. If such obligations with a higher 
priority ranking than the Notes have not been satisfied in full, the Noteholders could suffer the loss of 
their entire investment. 
3.1.4 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute obligations ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable, any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and 
therefore will rank junior in priority of payment to the senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Preferred Notes), as further described in Condition 3 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 
2 of the French Law Conditions (Status of the Notes). 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, shall be subordinated to the 
payment in full of all present or future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect 
of, senior preferred obligations (within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(collectively, Senior Preferred Creditors). 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be 
terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subject to such payment in full, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any subordinated obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to subordinated obligations.  
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders face an increased risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes. There is a substantial risk that investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of 
their investment should the Issuer become subject to any resolution procedure or insolvent.  
3.1.5 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction 
of taxes is limited to payments of interest under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of 
taxes imposed under French laws applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal 
due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. As such, the Issuer is not 
required to pay any additional amounts under Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 6 
of the French Law Conditions (Taxation) to the extent any withholding or deduction applies to payments 
of principal under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders may receive less than the full

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
 
 
 
amount due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Noteholders may receive less 
than the full amount due under the Subordinated Notes. 
3.1.6 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms may 
not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms of the Notes (the Positive Impact Notes) may provide that the Issuer intends to apply 
an  amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, 
via direct investments or via loans), in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities the Eligible 
Activities), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three pillars of 
sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential negative impacts 
and mitigation actions have been duly identified as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond 
framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Framework) which is available on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
Générale: 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3%A8 
res/sg_sustainable_and_positive_impact_bond_framework_june_2020.pdf) and as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework inter alia (i) complies with the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International 
Capital Markets Association, and (ii) aligns with the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by 
the United Nations Environment Programme - Finance Initiative. It being specified that (i) such definition 
and guidelines may evolve from time to time and/or (ii) the Issuer may decide to depart from such 
definition and guidelines, in which cases such information will be specified in the Framework. 
It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to 
what constitutes or may be classified as, a “green” or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may 
finance such activity, and the requirements of any such label are currently under development. On 18 
June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy Regulation). 
The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which 
provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities 
can be considered environmentally sustainable. A draft delegated act containing the screening technical 
standards have been published on 20 November 2020. Further development of the EU taxonomy will 
take place via a new Platform on Sustainable Finance, which is expected to be operating in the next 
months. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “sustainable”. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Positive 
Impact Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms and the Framework, the 
relevant Eligible Activity or the application of the net proceeds of the Positive Impact Notes in connection 
therewith (as described in section “Use of  Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms), might not be 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such net proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Activity. Nor can it 
be certain that such Eligible Activity will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the "sustainable and positive impact" aspect) originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an 
Event of Default or (ii) give a right to the Noteholders to request the early redemption or acceleration of 
the Positive Impact Notes held by it or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the Positive 
Impact Notes and (iv) will not have any impact on the regulatory classification of the Notes under the 
Relevant Rules and/or MREL/TLAC Requirements.  
Any such event or failure to apply all or part of the net proceeds of any issue of Positive Impact Notes 
for any Eligible Activity as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any second party opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such second

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
 
 
 
 
party opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have an adverse effect on the value of such 
Positive Impact Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose and as a result, would have to 
dispose of the Positive Impact Notes at their prevailing market value. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Positive Impact 
Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Activities. 
3.2 
Risks related to early redemption of the Notes 
3.2.1 
Risks relating to Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
In certain circumstances or, if so specified in the Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, as described hereafter: 
1) The Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, upon the occurrence of certain events 
and subject to certain conditions (as further described in Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions 
or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law 
Conditions), including, but not limited to, a Tax Event, a Capital Event, and/or a MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event, as the case may be. 
2) If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or in 
part the Notes prior to their Maturity Date through the exercise of the Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer, and with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Option, the Residual Maturity Redemption Option or the Clean-up 
Redemption Option (as further described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions). 
Any optional redemption by the Issuer applicable to the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect or is perceived to be able to redeem Notes, the market value of 
those Notes generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect and 
Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.2.2 
There is a significant degree of regulatory uncertainty regarding the potential occurrence of a 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
A MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event will apply (i) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (ii) in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) and, (iii) in 
respect of Subordinated Notes (if specified as applicable in the Final Terms), as further described in 
Condition 6(d) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5(d) of the French Law Conditions 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event).  
The Capital Requirements Regulation II and the BRRD II give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and 
modify the requirements for MREL eligibility. Whilst there are a number of similarities between the MREL 
requirements and the FSB’s final principles regarding TLAC, there are certain differences. The Issuer 
is currently unable to predict whether all or part of the Notes may cease to comply with the minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or total loss absorbing capacity requirements 
applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and thus be excluded fully or partially from the MREL or TLAC 
Requirements.  The non-compliance with the MREL or TLAC Requirements could result in the 
occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. The occurrence of such MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and Noteholders 
may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
3.2.3 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in case of a Special Tax Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, are legal under French law. If any payment obligation under the Notes, 
including any obligation to pay additional amounts under Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 6 of the French Law Conditions (Taxation), are held illegal under French law, the Issuer will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event 
as described in Condition 6(b)(i) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5(b)(i) of the French Law 
Conditions (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax Event). 
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount 
due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes will be adversely affected. 
3.2.4 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to the Maturity Date is subject to the prior permission 
of the Regulator 
Upon the occurrence of certain events described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions, including, but not limited to, a Withholding 
Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Capital Event or a Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (if so specified in the Final Terms), the Issuer may in any case, subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator, redeem the Subordinated Notes before their Maturity Date, in whole but 
not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. The early redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes may not occur should the Regulator refuse to give its permission, and if so, 
market value of the Subordinated Notes may be affected negatively, and investors may incur losses in 
respect of their investments in the Subordinated Notes. 
 
3.3 
Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
3.3.1 
Changes in Interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase after the issuance of the 
Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that if interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value 
of the Notes. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that they cannot 
anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. Due to varying interest income, investors are 
not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, and 
therefore their investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods and this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
3.3.2 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”  
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes 
will be determined by reference to an index which is deemed to be a “benchmark” (such as, without 
limitation, EURIBOR and LIBOR).Such “benchmarks” have been subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
market value of and return on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark".

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 29 June 2016 and most of the provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation have 
applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply 
with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” provided by administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
amongst other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing, or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”.  Any of these changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on the 
liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) for Sterling LIBOR, the Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) for Euro LIBOR and EURIBOR 
and the Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) for JPY LIBOR and rates that may be derived from SONIA, 
€STR or TONA, as applicable) are being developed, or are expected to be developed, Notes linked to 
or referencing an IBOR will only transition away from such IBOR in accordance with their particular 
fallback arrangements in their terms and conditions. The operation of any such fallback arrangements 
could result in a less favourable return for Noteholders than they might receive under other similar 
securities which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise 
receive in the event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from 
any given IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Notes. Investors should note that the Independent Adviser will adjust the relevant successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and such adjustment may not be favourable to the Noteholders.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, when making any investment decision 
with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
3.3.3 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (€STR), 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) and the Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) as reference

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
rates in the capital markets for euro or sterling bonds, as applicable, as well as their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing €STR, SONIA or TONA in a way that 
differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by 
the Issuer referencing €STR, SONIA or TONA.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA or TONA as interest reference rates for bond 
markets, as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA- or TONA-based rates for such markets 
and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-
free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements may put in place by investors in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes. 
3.3.4 
If LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of 
interest may adversely affect holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent 
of such holders be obtained 
Pursuant to Condition 4 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3 of the French Law Conditions 
(Interest) applicable to Notes which pay a floating rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes), if the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, 
the fallback arrangements referenced in the Terms and Conditions will include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as 
the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate 
(as applicable); and  
(ii) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required).  
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may 
be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable) and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent, the 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the successor or alternative 
rate (as applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. These could significantly 
affect the performance of a successor or alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the historical and 
expected performance of LIBOR, EURIBOR or the applicable benchmark. There is uncertainty on 
whether any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes will adequately compensate for this 
impact, as it could have unexpected commercial consequences, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder, and any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. This could in 
turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of 
such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate may find their 
hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable).

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
Moreover, any exercise of discretion by the Issuer could present a conflict of interest. In making the 
required determinations, decisions and elections, the Issuer may have economic interests that are 
adverse to the interest of the holders of the affected Notes, and those determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and the 
affected Notes are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors holding such 
Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders 
of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Notes could therefore 
be adversely affected. 
There is a high probability that certain IBORs will cease to exist or undergo changes that could increase 
the likelihood of the risks set out above materializing. 
3.3.5 
The use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a reference rate is subject to 
important limitations  
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described under 
Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of the French Law Conditions (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes)). As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with 
interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of compounding SOFR during the 
relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable 
on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Notes. 
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information 
going back to 2014, such publication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator 
of future changes in SOFR.  
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR 
does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be 
lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes 
may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and 
disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. In 
addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received from 
other sources. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which 
the SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
3.3.6 
Risk relating to the change in the Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
A holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the 
relevant securities, such as Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable 
Notes (as further described in Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of the 
French Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)), is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income and this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
Such Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified 
Currency or U.S. Treasury Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the Final Terms. Such rate of interest may be 
less than the initial rate of interest and/or less than the rate of interest that applies immediately prior to 
such reset date and may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the 
Notes. 
Moreover, any exercise of discretion by the Issuer could present a conflict of interest. In making the 
required determinations, decisions and elections, the Issuer may have economic interests that are 
adverse to the interest of the holders of the affected Notes, and those determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
3.3.7 
Risk relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as further described in Condition 4(c) of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 3(c) of the French Law Conditions (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)) may bear interest at a rate 
that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to 
another fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate. The spread on the fixed/floating rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. The conversion of the interest rate may affect 
the market yield of the Notes. The movements of the market spread can negatively affect the price of 
the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
3.3.8 
Risk relating to Notes whose only Interest Payment Date falls on the Maturity Date 
The final yield of Notes whose only Interest Payment Date falls on the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
Final Terms (see Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of the French Law 
Conditions (Interest)), may be lower than that of comparable securities for which each coupon has been 
paid on periodic interest payment dates and reinvested under market interest rates. Therefore, investors 
in such Notes are more exposed to reinvestment risk, and the value of and return on such Notes may 
be negatively affected. 
3.3.9 
Risk relating to Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, as further 
described under Condition 4(d) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(d) of the French Law 
Conditions (Zero Coupon Notes). The market values of such Notes tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
3.3.10 Risk relating to Floating Rate Notes with a multiplier 
Notes with floating interest rates (see Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) can be volatile investments. If they are 
structured to include multipliers, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. Any such volatility may negatively impact the price of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
3.4 
Risks related to English law Notes  
3.4.1 
Risks related to Substitution and Variation of English Law Notes, without Noteholder consent

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may, at its option, in respect of English Law Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(i) of the English Law Conditions (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes)), without 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either to substitute all (but not some only) or vary the 
terms of all (but not some only) of a Series of English Law Notes, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, as the case may be.  
Any Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, as the case may be, may not be materially less 
favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the English Law Notes, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder. As a consequence, the market value of such Notes may decrease significantly, and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
3.4.2 
Risks related to English law Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive 
Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of English Law Notes in bearer form (as further described under the English Law 
Conditions and in section “Form of the Notes”) which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such 
holding (should Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. In such circumstances, the value of such Notes may be negatively affected and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
3.4.3 
Risks related to English Law Notes denominated in CNY  
English Law Notes denominated in CNY (CNY Notes) may be issued under the Programme, as further 
described under Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY currency 
event). CNY Notes contain particular risks for prospective investors. 
CNY is not freely convertible at present. The People’s Republic of China (PRC) government continues 
to regulate conversion between CNY and foreign currencies.  
It is uncertain whether the PRC government will continue to gradually liberalise its control over cross-
border CNY remittances in the future, that the schemes for CNY cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of CNY outside the PRC in CNY. In the event that funds cannot 
be repatriated out of the PRC in CNY, this may affect the overall availability of CNY outside of the PRC 
and the ability of the Issuer to finance its obligations under the CNY Notes. 
Furthermore, there is only limited availability of CNY outside of the PRC, which may affect the liquidity 
of the CNY Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source CNY outside of the PRC to service the CNY Notes.  
It is uncertain whether new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the process of establishing CNY 
clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions will not be terminated or amended in 
the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of CNY offshore. The limited availability of 
CNY outside of the PRC may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes. In addition, access to CNY for the 
purposes of making payments under the Notes or generally may not remain or could become restricted.  
The value of CNY against the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected 
by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
If the value of CNY depreciates against the Hong Kong dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of 
an investor's investment CNY in Hong Kong dollar terms or other applicable foreign currency terms will 
decline, and investors may incur losses.

--- Page 39 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
30 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
1. 
CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 1(4) OF THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION (RETAIL CASCADES) 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency on the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche) may be offered in one or more Member States of the EEA or in the United Kingdom in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus (a Non-
exempt Offer) under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been 
prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers, provided the following provisions are complied 
with and, as applicable, the following conditions are satisfied. 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each member state of the 
EEA or in the United Kingdom for which it has given its consent (each a Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction), for the content of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, and of the 
Final Terms (together the Prospectus) in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of 
Notes is made by any financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to the use of the 
Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror) where the offer is made (i) during the period for which that 
consent is given (the Offer Period), (ii) in a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent is 
given and (iii) is in compliance with any other conditions, as detailed in paragraphs 2 and 3 below and 
supplemented in the Final Terms.  
However, none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers has responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to 
such offer. 
In the case of a Non-exempt Offer, none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers authorises the use of the 
Prospectus in a Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom other than a Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, nor by a financial intermediary other than an Authorised Offeror. Such unauthorised Non-
exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer accepts no responsibility for 
the actions of any person making such offers and the related consequences. 
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer in 
circumstances that require the Issuer to publish a prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
for such offer. 
2. 
TYPE OF CONSENT 
Subject to the conditions set out below under paragraph “Common conditions to the consent” and if so 
specified in the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of the 
Prospectus by Authorised Offerors in relation to a Non-exempt Offer in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) and during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 
twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
The consent given by the Issuer may be either an individual consent (an Individual Consent) or a 
general consent (a General Consent), each as further described below and as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
A. 
INDIVIDUAL CONSENT 
If the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes indicate "Individual Consent" in the paragraph 
headed “Type of Consent” of such Final Terms, the Issuer shall be deemed to consent to the use of the 
Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer;

--- Page 40 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
31 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary whose name and address are specified in the Final Terms (each an 
Initial Authorised Offeror); and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the Final Terms whose name, address and 
any additional information related to such financial intermediary who is unknown at the time of 
the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms are published on the website 
of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com) and such financial intermediary is identified as an 
Authorised Offeror with respect to the relevant Non-exempt Offer (each an Additional 
Authorised Offeror). 
B. 
GENERAL CONSENT 
If the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes indicate “General Consent” in the paragraph headed 
“Type of Consent” of such Final Terms, the Issuer shall be deemed to offer to grant its consent to the 
use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer to any financial intermediary (a General 
Authorised Offeror) which: 
(i) 
holds all necessary licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body) applicable to the Non-exempt 
Offer to be authorised to make such offer under the applicable laws of the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 (“MiFID II”); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] (the 
Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by Société 
Générale (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the 
Prospectus (as defined in the Base Prospectus, supplemented by the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Notes in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the 
conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Prospectus, and we are using the Prospectus 
accordingly." 
References in this Base Prospectus to Authorised Offeror Terms shall mean that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(a) 
will, and agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and each of 
the relevant Dealers that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(i) 
act in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including from 
any regulatory body) applicable to the Non-exempt Offer in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing MiFID II (together the Rules) and make 
sure that (i) any investment advice relating to the Notes by any person is appropriate, (ii) 
the information to prospective investors including the information relating to any expenses 
(and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by the relevant General 
Authorised Offeror under the offer of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed; 
(ii) 
comply with the restrictions set out under the section headed "Subscription and Sale" of 
this Base Prospectus related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted as a Dealer 
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your 
customer" rules, retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and if so requested, make such records available to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers or directly to the competent authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealers to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your customer" rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers;

--- Page 41 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or any of the relevant Dealers 
to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or 
consent in any jurisdiction; 
(v) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under paragraph "Common conditions 
to the consent" together with any other condition specified under the clause "Other 
conditions to consent" in the Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
indemnify the Issuer and each of the relevant Dealers and each of their respective 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents or controlling persons, against any 
damage, loss, liability, expense, claim, request or expenses (including, but not limited to, 
reasonable fees from law firms) arising out of, or incurred in connection with, the breach 
by the relevant General Authorised Offer of any of the above obligations; and 
(b) 
agrees and acknowledges that its commitment to respect the above obligations shall be governed 
by French law and that any related dispute shall be brought before the competent courts in Paris. 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Prospectus for a Non-Exempt Offer in 
accordance with this General Consent is required, during the time of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website that it uses the Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance 
with this General Consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
3. 
COMMON CONDITIONS TO THE CONSENT 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Prospectus (in addition, where applicable, to the conditions 
specified under paragraph (B) "General consent" above): 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
only extends to the use of the Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in the Pubic Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in the Final Terms.  
4. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer from an Authorised 
Offeror will do so and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by such Authorised Offeror will be 
made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocation and settlement arrangements (the Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with 
Investors (other than the relevant Dealer(s)) in connection with the offer or sale of the relevant Notes 
and, accordingly, the Prospectus will not contain such information. 
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided 
to the Investors by the Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made.

--- Page 42 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
33 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents that 
have been previously published and filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) as 
competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation:  
 
(a) 
the French version of the quatrième amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 
of Société Générale, submitted to the AMF on 6 November 2020 under no. D-20-0122-A04, 
except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person 
responsible for the third amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric 
Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Société Générale, page 39 and (iii) the cross-reference table, 
pages 41-43 ((i), (ii) and (iii) together hereinafter, the 2020 Fourth Amendment Excluded 
Sections, and the French language of the 2020 fourth amendment to the Document 
d’enregistrement universel of Société Générale without the 2020 Fourth Amendment Excluded 
Sections, hereinafter the Fourth Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2020-
11/Soci%C3%A9t%C3%A9%20G%C3%A9n%C3%A9rale%20-%20URD%20-
%204%C3%A8me%20amendement%2006112020.pdf 
(b) 
the French version of the troisième amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 
of Société Générale, submitted to the AMF on 07 September 2020 under no. D-20-0122-A03, 
except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person 
responsible for the third amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric 
Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Société Générale, page 9 and (iii) the cross-reference table, 
pages 11-13 ((i), (ii) and (iii) together hereinafter, the 2020 Third Amendment Excluded 
Sections, and the French language of the 2020 third amendment to the Document 
d’enregistrement universel of Société Générale without the 2020 Third Amendment Excluded 
Sections, hereinafter the Third Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/societe_generale_-_urd_- 
_3eme_amendement_07092020.pdf 
(c) 
the French version of the second amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 of 
Société Générale, submitted to the AMF on 05 August 2020 under no. D.20-0122-A02, except 
for the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for 
the second amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, 
Chief Executive Officer of Société Générale, page 179 and (iii) the cross-reference table, pages 
181-183 ((i), (ii) and (iii) together hereinafter, the 2020 Second Amendment Excluded Sections, 
and the French language of the 2020 second amendment to the Document d’enregistrement 
universel of Société Générale without the 2020 Second Amendment Excluded Sections, 
hereinafter the Second Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document available 
on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Document-d-enregistrement-
universel/2020/2eme-amendement-au-document-denregistrement-universel-2020.pdf 
(d) 
the French version of the premier amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2020 of 
Société Générale, submitted to the AMF on 07 May 2020 under no. D.20-0122-A01, except for 
(i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the 
first amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief 
Executive Officer of Société Générale, page 52 and (iii) the cross-reference table, pages 54-56 
((i), (ii) and (iii) together hereinafter, the 2020 First Amendment Excluded Sections, and the

--- Page 43 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
French language of the 2020 first amendment to the Document d’enregistrement universel of 
Société Générale without the 2020 First Amendment Excluded Sections, hereinafter the First 
Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document available on:  
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Document-d-enregistrement-
universel/2020/1er-amendement-au-document-denregistrement-universel-2020.pdf 
(e) 
the French version of the 2020 Document d’enregistrement universel of Société Générale 
submitted to the AMF, on 12 March 2020 under no. D.20-0122, except for (i) the cover page 
containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the first amendment 
to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of 
Société Générale, page 568 and (iii) the cross-reference table,  pages 569-572 ((i), (ii) and (iii) 
together hereinafter, the 2020 Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, and the 
French language of the 2020 first amendment to the Document d’enregistrement  universel of 
Société Générale without the 2020 Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, 
hereinafter the 2020 Universal Registration Document available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/sg-urd-vf-2020.pdf 
 
(f) 
the French version of the 2019 Document de référence of Société Générale, submitted to the 
AMF on 11 March 2019 under no D.19-0133, except for (i) the inside cover page containing the 
AMF visa and the related textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the registration 
document  and the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of 
Société Générale, page 556 and (iii) the cross reference table, pages 558-560 ((i), (ii) and (iii) 
together hereinafter, the 2019 Excluded Sections, and the French language 2019 Document de 
référence of Société Générale without the 2019 Excluded Sections, hereinafter the 2019 
Registration Document, available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Document%20de%20r%C3%A9f
%C3%A9rence/2019/sg_ddr2019_document_de_reference.pdf 
(g) 
the press release published by the Issuer on 4 December 2020, entitled “Disclosure of regulatory 
capital requirements as from 1 January 2021”: 
https://investors.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2020-12/Societe-Generale-
Disclosure-of-regulatory-capital-requirements-as-from-01-01-2021.pdf 
(h) 
the press release published by the Issuer on 7 December 2020, entitled “Two major strategic 
initiatives in French retail banking”: 
https://investors.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2020-12/societe-generale-
two%20major-strategic-initiatives-in-french-retail-banking.pdf 
For the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes to be assimilated 
and form a single Series with English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes, as the case may be, already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below):  
(i) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 83 to 118 and pages 119 to 153 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 November 2010 (which received visa no.10-391 from the AMF 
on 9 November 2010) (respectively the 2010 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
2010 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20Paris%20Registered%20Programme
%202010%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%209%20November%202010

--- Page 44 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
35 
 
 
 
 
(j) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 84 to 119 and pages 120 to 154 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 November 2011 (which received visa no.11-542 from the AMF 
on 21 November 2011) (respectively the 2011 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
2011 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20-
%20Paris%20Registered%20Programme%202011%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2021%20November%202011 
(k) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 120 to 150 and pages 151 to 180 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 November 2012 (which received visa no.12-561 from the AMF 
on 19 November 2012) and on page 4 of the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 to the base 
prospectus dated 19 November 2012 (which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 
2013) (respectively the 2012 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2012 Conditions 
of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20-
%20Paris%20Registered%20Programme%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2019%20November%202012 
(l) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 73 to 109 and pages 110 to 139 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 March 2014 (which received visa no.14-108 from the AMF on 
27 March 2014) (respectively the 2014 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2014 
Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20-
%20Paris%20Registered%20Program%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20Dated%2027%20March%202014 
(m) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 73 to 115 and pages 116 to 147 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 March 2015 (which received visa no.15-096 from the AMF on 
17 March 2015), on page 5 of the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 (which received visa no. 
15-112 from the AMF on 26 March 2015) and on pages 13 to 16 of the 2nd supplement dated 
19 May 2015 (which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF on 19 May 2015) (respectively the 
2015 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2015 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registred%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_%20dated%2017%20March%202015 
(n) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 79 to 122 and pages 123 to 220 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 March 2016 (which received visa no.16-076 from the AMF on 
14 March 2016), (respectively the March 2016 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
March 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_dated%2014%20March%202016 
(o) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 94 to 141 and pages 142 to 180 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 December 2016 (which received visa no.16-578 from the AMF

--- Page 45 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
on 12 December 2016), (respectively the December 2016 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and the December 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_dated%2012%20December%202016 
(p) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 95 to 142 and pages 143 to 183 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 January 2017 (which received visa no. 17-008 from the AMF on 
9 January 2017), (respectively the January 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
the January 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Programme_B
ase%20Prospectus_dated%209%20January%202017 
(q) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 102 to 152 and pages 153 to 200 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 December 2017 (which received visa no. 17-646 from the AMF 
on 20 December 2017), (respectively the December 2017 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and the December 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20Paris%20Registred%20Programme
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2020%20December%202017 
 
(r) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 123 to 182 and pages 183 to 239 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 December 2018 (which received visa no. 18-579 from the AMF 
on 21 December 2018) and on pages 10 to 11 of the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 (which 
received visa no.19-191 from the AMF on 10 May 2019), (respectively the 2018 Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and the 2018 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered_Base%20Prospect
us_dated%2021%20December%202018 
and; 
(s) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 50 to 113 and pages 114 to 173 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 January 2020 (which received approval no. 20-014 from the 
AMF on 17 January 2020), (respectively the January 2020 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and the January 2020 Conditions of the French Law Notes, and together with the 2018 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2018 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 
December 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the December 2017 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes, the January 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the January 2017 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, the December 2016 Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and the December 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the March 2016 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the March 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2015 Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the 2015 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2014 Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the 2014 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2012 Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the 2012 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2011 Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the 2011 Conditions of the French Law Notes the 2010 Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the 2010 Conditions of the French Law Notes, , the EMTN Previous 
Conditions) (and, together with the documents referred to above, the Documents Incorporated 
by Reference).

--- Page 46 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG_EMTN%20Paris%20Registered_Base%20
Prospectus_dated%2017%20January%202020  
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the 
cross-reference list set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The documents listed in paragraphs (g) to (s) above are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and are considered as additional information which 
are not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The sections referred to in the cross-reference list below are incorporated by reference in, and shall be 
deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a section which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
section which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
To the extent that any of the Documents Incorporated by Reference itself incorporates documents by 
reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. The non-
incorporated parts of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Fourth Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the Third Amendment 
to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the Second Amendment to the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document, the First Amendment to the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2020 
Universal Registration Document and the 2019 Registration Document, including their English language 
translation (which English translations are not incorporated by reference herein), are available for 
inspection and can be obtained, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any 
weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  
The above-mentioned documents are also available, in French language, on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and, in both French and English languages, on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/en/measuring-our-performance/information-and-
publications/registration-documents). For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English 
language translations of those documents is identical to the French versions. 
Copies of the EMTN Previous Conditions are available for inspection and can be obtained, upon request 
and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday from the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The EMTN Previous Conditions are also available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). 
Some of the Documents Incorporated by Reference contain references to the credit ratings of the 
Société Générale group issued by Fitch Ratings (Fitch), Moody's Investors Services Ltd. (Moody's) 
and Standard & Poor's Rating Services (S&P).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- (Fitch), A1 
(Moody’s) and A (S&P), and each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union or 
in the United Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 11 May 2011 and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published at the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
ESMA) (www.esma.europa.eu).  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.

--- Page 47 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
Annex 7 of the 
Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980 
supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation 
Fourth 
Amendment 
to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Third 
Amendment 
to the 2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Second 
Amendment 
to the 2020 
Universal 
Registratio
n 
Document 
First 
Amendme
nt to the 
2020 
Universal 
Registratio
n 
Document 
2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2019 
Registratio
n 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
30-32 
 
45-59 
 
 
 
4 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and 
development of the 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
7-8 
5; 
4.2 
Legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
550 
540 
4.3 
Place of 
registration, 
registration number 
and legal entity 
 
 
 
 
550 
540 
4.4 
Date of 
incorporation and 
the length of life of 
 
 
 
 
550 
540 
4.5 
Domicile and legal 
form of the Issuer, 
applicable 
legislation, country 
of incorporation, 
address and 
telephone number 
 
 
 
 
550 
540 
5 
BUSINESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5-30 
6-26 
8-10; 49-55 
6-8; 46-52; 
5.2 
Basis for any 
statements made by 
the Issuer regarding 
its competitive 
5-27 
 
5-30; 51 
6-28 
30-48 
26-45 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.1 
Brief description of 
the Group 
 
 
30-31 
 
8-10; 30-31 
6-8; 26-27; 
7 
TREND 
INFORMATION 
 
 
3-4 
3-28 
16-17 
14 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT 
AND 
SUPERVISORY 
BODIES AND 
SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.1 
Board of Directors 
and general 
management 
 
3-7 
71-74 
 
70-101; 142 
66-97; 140

--- Page 48 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
39 
 
 
 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management and 
supervisory bodies 
and General 
Management 
 
 
 
 
142 
140 
10 
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10.1 
Control of the 
Issuer 
 
 
 
 
545-546; 549 
535-536; 539 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND 
LOSSES OF THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial 
information 
5-29 
 
5-30 
5-28 
135; 147;157-
163;172-173; 
181;183-
186;199-211; 
214- 219; 
231-236; 310-
473; 474-540 
131; 149; 163- 
166; 178; 187; 
189-194; 202-
205; 209-213; 
215-218; 228-
233; 300-463; 
469-525; 559 
11.1.5 Financial 
statements 
5-29 
 
5-30 
5-28 
310-535 
131; 149; 
163-166; 
178; 
187;189-
194; 202-
205; 209-
213; 215-
218; 228-
233; 300-
463; 469-
525 
 
(a) Consolidated 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
310-311 
300-301 
 
(b) Consolidated 
income statement 
 
 
 
 
312 
302

--- Page 49 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes to be assimilated 
and form a single Series with English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes, as the case may be, already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions: 
 
 
(c) accounting 
policies and 
explanatory notes 
on the consolidated 
financial 
statements 
 
 
 
 
316-468 
307-463 
 
(d) Parent 
Company Balance 
sheet 
 
 
 
 
481-482 
476-477 
 
(e) Parent 
Company income 
statement 
 
 
 
 
482 
477 
 
(f) accounting 
policies and 
explanatory notes 
on the annual 
financial 
statements 
 
 
 
 
483-535 
478-525 
11.1.6 Age of latest 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
 
 
300; 469 
11.1.6 Interim financial 
information 
5-29 
 
5-30; 75-166 
5-28 
 
 
 
(a) Consolidated 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Consolidated 
income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) accounting 
policies and 
explanatory notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.2 
Auditing of the 
historical annual 
financial 
information 
(Auditor’s report) 
 
 
 
 
469-473; 
536-540 
464-468; 
526-530; 
11.3 
Legal and 
arbitration 
proceedings 
36-38 
 
54; 55; 70; 
149; 150-155 
35-37 
247; 466-468; 
533-535 
242; 460-
463; 523-
525; 
11.4 
Significant changes 
in the Issuer's 
financial position 
3-29 
7 
3-44 
3-28 
63-64 
59-61 
12. 
MATERIAL 
CONTRACTS 
 
 
43 
 
64 
60

--- Page 50 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
41 
 
 
 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
Pages 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
Pages 
January 2020 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
50-113  
January 2020 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
114-173 
2018 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 
123-182 
 
10-11 
2018 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
3rd supplement dated 10 May 
2019 
183-239 
 
10-11 
December 2017 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
102-152 
December 2017 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
153-200 
January 2017 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
95-142 
January 2017 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
143-183 
December 2016 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
94-141 
December 2016 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
142-180 
March 2016 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
79-122 
March 2016 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
123-220 
2015 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
1st supplement dated 26 March 
2015 
2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
73-115 
 
5 
 
13-16 
2015 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
1st supplement dated 26 March 
2015 
2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
116-147 
 
5 
 
13-16 
2014 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
73-109 
 
2014 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
110-139 
2012 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
6th supplement dated 31 July 2013  
120-150 
 
4 
2012 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 
151-180 
 
4 
2011 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
84-119 
2011 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
120-154 
2010 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
83-118 
2010 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
119-153

--- Page 51 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
 
42 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer 
will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base 
prospectus which shall constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offer of Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to this Base Prospectus or replacement base 
prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of such 
supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before 
the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. The period may be 
extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of 
withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 10 December 2021, this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 52 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
43 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
1. Definitions 
The following terms shall have the following meanings when used in this section Form of the Notes: 
- 
Bearer Notes means English Law Notes in bearer form. 
- 
Bearer SIS Notes means English Law Notes in the form of CHF SIS Notes and Other SIS 
Notes which are, or are intended to be, in bearer form and deposited with and cleared through 
SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange. 
- 
CHF SIS Notes means Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs that fulfil the criteria 
from time to time required in order to benefit from a limited exception to the non-US beneficial 
ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. 
- 
Dematerialised Notes means French Law Notes in dematerialised form, the title of which will 
be evidenced in accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
- 
English Law Notes means Notes subject to the English Law Conditions (including Bearer 
Notes, Registered Notes and SIS Notes) and governed by English Law (except for 
(i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), which shall be governed by French law and (ii) in the case 
of Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall be governed by Swiss law and 
particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognized 
for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange). 
- 
French Law Notes means Notes subject to the French Law Conditions (including 
Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes) and governed by French law. 
- 
Materialised Notes means French Law Notes in materialised form which must be issued 
outside the French territory in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
- 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes means Registered Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes 
sold exclusively outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently 
restricted from sale, transfer or delivery in the United States or to a U.S. Person. 
- 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes and/or any other English 
Law Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes which are designated in the Final Terms 
to be Permanently Restricted Notes. 
- 
Other SIS Notes means (i) Bearer SIS Notes denominated in a currency approved by SIS other 
than Swiss Francs, or (ii) Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs that are not CHF SIS 
Notes. 
- 
Registered Notes means English Law Notes in certificated registered form. 
- 
SIS means the Swiss securities services corporation, SIX SIS Ltd. 
- 
SIS Notes means English Law Notes in the form of Bearer SIS Notes and Uncertificated SIS 
Notes. 
- 
SIX Swiss Exchange means SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
- 
Uncertificated SIS Notes means SIS Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form which are, or are intended to be, registered with and cleared through SIS or any other 
clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 53 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
2. English Law Notes  
Each Tranche of English Law Notes will be either Bearer Notes (with or without interest coupons 
attached), Registered Notes (without interest coupons attached) or Uncertificated SIS Notes, in each 
case issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S. 
2.1 Bearer Notes (other than SIS Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will on issue be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or, if 
so specified in the Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Notes represented by Bearer Global Notes will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be. 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
benefit or account of, a U.S. Person, and such Bearer Notes will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. Any future transfer, resale, pledge or delivery of such Bearer Notes or any 
interest therein may only be made in compliance with the resale provisions set forth in Regulation S. 
Additional restrictions apply if the Notes are Permanently Restricted Notes. 
In the event that a Bearer Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or that the Maturity Date 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the Conditions, then the Bearer Global Note will become void. At the same time, 
accountholders with Euroclear and/or Clearstream having such Notes (other than Definitive Bearer 
Notes, as defined under the English Law Conditions) credited to their accounts will become entitled to 
the rights contained in, including to proceed directly against the Issuer, on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and under the terms of, a deed of covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant, which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time) dated 14 March 2016 and executed by the Issuer. 
2.2 Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Note or a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note (each a Registered Global Note). Beneficial interests in, 
or in any Registered Notes represented by, a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and prior to the expiry of the Distribution Compliance 
Period (as defined in the English Law Agency Agreement) may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, 
pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or 
delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
Person will not be recognised. Non-U.S. Registered Global Notes, or any Registered Notes represented 
thereby, may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly Non-
U.S. Registered Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons in reliance on Regulation S, interests therein may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear 
or Clearstream and such Non-U.S. Registered Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. Registered Global Notes (being Regulation S Global Notes or Non-U.S. Registered Global

--- Page 54 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
45 
 
 
 
 
Notes) will be registered in the name of a nominee for, deposited with, a Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, as specified in the Final 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as 
the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive 
Registered Notes (as defined under the English Law Conditions). 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined 
in Condition 5(d) of the English Law Conditions) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the Issuer or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of Definitive Registered Notes will, in the 
absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d) of the English Law Conditions) immediately preceding the 
due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
2.3 SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of SIS Notes will be issued either as (i) Bearer SIS Notes or as (ii) Uncertificated SIS 
Notes, which in each case, are, or are intended to be, deposited or registered with and cleared through 
SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(SIS or any other such intermediary, the Intermediary). The Final Terms will indicate whether SIS Notes 
are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS Notes or Uncertificated SIS Notes. 
SIS Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, a U.S. 
Person, and such SIS Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. Any future transfer, 
resale, pledge or delivery of such SIS Notes or any interest therein may only be made in compliance with 
the resale provisions set forth in Regulation S. 
SIS Notes designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may 
not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, 
resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. Permanently Restricted Notes 
may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
2.3.1 Bearer SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer SIS Notes will be represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global 
SIS Note) which will be deposited with the Intermediary on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche. 
Once the Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the Intermediary and the Bearer SIS 
Notes represented thereby have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
(Intermediated Securities) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the extent of its claim against the 
Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Permanent Global SIS Note remains deposited with the 
Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and such Bearer SIS Notes may only be 
transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) of 
the transferee.

--- Page 55 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
46 
 
 
 
 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Bearer SIS Notes held through each 
participant of the Intermediary. The holders of Bearer SIS Notes constituting Intermediated Securities 
will be the persons holding such Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their 
name or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries holding such Bearer SIS 
Notes for their own account in a securities account that is in their name (and the terms Noteholder and 
holder of Notes and, where applicable Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly). 
CHF SIS Notes are Bearer SIS Notes benefiting from a limited exception to the non-US beneficial 
ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. Other SIS Notes may be subject to additional 
selling restrictions and additional U.S. tax disclosure as set out in the Final Terms. 
Special procedures must be followed for CHF SIS Notes in order for such Notes to be exempt from the 
non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. Each of the relevant 
Dealers must have represented and agreed in the Programme Agreements that (a) it will comply with 
U.S. selling restrictions in so far as they apply to CHF SIS Notes and (b) the offering and sale of the CHF 
SIS Notes has been and will be conducted in accordance with Swiss laws and regulations. The following 
criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the non-US beneficial ownership certification 
requirement of the TEFRA D Rules to apply: 
(i) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs; 
(ii) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland; 
(iii) 
the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and 
documentation; 
(iv) 
the relevant Dealers agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within Switzerland; 
(v) 
the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located 
outside Switzerland; 
(vi) 
the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss 
governmental, banking or securities authorities from time to time; and 
(vii) 
more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are 
part are offered and sold to non-Dealers by Dealers maintaining an office located in Switzerland. 
Bearer SIS Notes and any related Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such Notes and Coupons will be governed by English law.  
2.3.2 Uncertificated SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the 
Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main 
register of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes have been entered into the accounts of one 
or more participants of the Intermediary, the Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated 
Securities. 
So long as the Uncertificated SIS Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred 
by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the Intermediary. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the Intermediary. In respect of Uncertificated SIS Notes held in the form of Intermediated 
Securities, the holders of such Uncertificated SIS Notes will be the persons holding such Uncertificated 
SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries holding such Uncertificated SIS Notes for their own account in 
a securities account that is in their name (and the terms Noteholder and holder of Notes and where 
applicable, Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).

--- Page 56 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
47 
 
 
 
 
No holder of Uncertificated SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange 
of such Uncertificated SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, a Permanent Global SIS Note or Definitive Bearer 
SIS Notes. 
Uncertificated SIS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes will be governed by English law, except in respect of their form, title and transfer, as set out in 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall be governed by Swiss law 
and particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognized for 
such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange. 
3. French Law Notes 
French Law Notes will be either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes, which are designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, or 
any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be 
recognised. Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any 
U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are 
not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and Materialised 
Notes, or, in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
3.1 Dematerialised Notes 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in (i) bearer form (au porteur), in which case 
they will be inscribed as of the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Dematerialised Notes in the books of 
Euroclear France (Euroclear France), acting as central depositary, which shall credit the accounts of 
the Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined in Condition 1 of the French Law Conditions (Form, 
Denomination(s) and Title)) including Euroclear, the depositary bank for Clearstream and, in the case of 
French Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the depositary banks for SIS or (ii) registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1 of 
the French Law Conditions (Form, Denomination(s) and Title)), in either (x) fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (designated in the Final Terms) acting on behalf of 
the Issuer, or (y) administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be 
inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholders. 
One (1) Paris Business Day before the Issue Date of each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre 
Comptable relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
3.2 Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global 
Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, 
where applicable, Coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th

--- Page 57 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement) upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described below. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and 
are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons are not applicable. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with the Common Depositary, Euroclear 
or Clearstream (or, if a subscriber holds an account with a clearing system other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream which holds an account directly or indirectly in Euroclear or Clearstream, such other 
clearing system) will credit the account of each holder of the Notes related to such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a nominal amount of such Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Materialised Notes of each Tranche may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to, or for the benefit or account of, a U.S. Person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations, and such Materialised Notes and any related Coupons will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.  
4. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
4.1 Bearer Notes 
Whilst any Bearer Note (other than Bearer SIS Notes) is represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior 
to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note 
are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person (hereinafter 
Certification), as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, (i) has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on 
the Certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent or, (ii) in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Temporary Global Certificate held otherwise than on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, from the 
holder thereof. 
On and after the Exchange Date, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for, as applicable, (i) interests in a Permanent Global 
Note, subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Note or (ii) Definitive Bearer Notes 
of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
Permanent Global Note), in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note against 
Certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as described above and as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations unless such Certification has already been given pursuant to the provisions set forth above. 
Exchange of a Temporary Global Note for interests in a Permanent Global Note will only be made if 
Definitive Bearer Notes have not already been issued. If Definitive Bearer Notes have already been 
issued, the Temporary Global Note may only thereafter be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes 
pursuant to the terms thereof. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or any other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
Certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or, in 
the case of Bearer Notes, for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note (including 
Permanent Global SIS Notes) will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, to or 
to the order of the holder thereof (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without 
any requirement for Certification.

--- Page 58 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
4.2 Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, free of charge to the holder, on or after the Exchange Date for 
Materialised Notes in definitive form (any such Notes, Definitive Materialised Notes), with, where 
applicable, Coupons and Talons attached:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the French 
Law Agency Agreement (as defined under the French Law Conditions below) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (as defined in the French Law Agency 
Agreement). In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, 
Coupons and Talons attached. Definitive Materialised Notes and any related Coupons and Talons will 
be security printed at the expense of the Issuer in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes of this section ("Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership"), the Exchange 
Date shall be the date (subject to postponement) on or after the later of (i) 40 calendar days after the 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Temporary Global Certificate is issued and (ii) 40 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the relevant 
Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated 
issue). 
5. Deed of Covenant 
If any Bearer Global Note (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with its Terms and Conditions or if the Maturity Date of such Note has occurred and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Bearer 
Global Note, then the Bearer Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At 
the same time, holders of interests in such Bearer Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, will become entitled to the rights contained in, including to 
proceed directly against the Issuer, on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream in and subject to the terms of, the Deed of Covenant.  
6. Exchange upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
The Final Terms with respect to any English Law Notes issued in global form (except Permanent Global 
SIS Notes) will specify if the relevant Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note (as applicable) 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, Coupons and Talons attached, or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered Notes, in which 
case such exchange will occur upon not less than 60 calendar days' written notice to the Fiscal Agent 
from or on behalf of, as the case may be, Euroclear and/or Clearstream acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in the Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note as described therein 
(unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) or, in the case of a Permanent Global Note, if 
such Note is held otherwise than on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, the bearer thereof, in the event 
of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (each, an Exchange 
Event) or by the Issuer in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iv) below:  
(i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 of the English Law Conditions) has 
occurred and is continuing;  
(ii) 
in the case of a Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of, or a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for

--- Page 59 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
50 
 
 
 
 
business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or announce an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available;  
(iii) 
on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Notes, the Issuer would 
be required to pay additional amounts as referred to in Condition 7 and such payment 
would not be required were the Notes in definitive form; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were such Registered Notes represented 
by a Registered Definitive Note.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders and where applicable, Couponholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the English Law Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 10 calendar days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
No holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange of the 
Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer SIS 
Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form. A Permanent Global SIS Note will only be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, in whole, 
but not in part, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent or the relevant Dealer, as applicable, deems (i) the 
printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of 
definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons to be required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the 
enforcement of rights (including in cases of bankruptcy, consolidation or reorganisation of the Issuer) 
(in respect of Bearer SIS Notes, each such circumstance a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event).  
Upon the occurrence of a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in case 
of SIS Notes that are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the relevant Dealer (in case of SIS Notes 
that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange), as the case may be, shall provide for the printing of Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes together with any related Coupons without cost to the holders of the relevant Bearer 
SIS Notes and any such Coupons. If Definitive Bearer SIS Notes and any such Coupons are delivered, 
the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent (in case of SIS Notes that are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the relevant Dealer (in case 
of SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange), as the case may be, and the Definitive Bearer 
SIS Notes and any such Coupons shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the 
relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such holders' securities accounts.  
7. U.S. Legends 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes and Materialised Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than one year and on all related Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. Persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended), with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes and 
Materialised Notes (and, if applicable, related Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of such Notes and related Receipts, Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 60 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
51 
 
 
 
 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions as detailed in "Subscription and Sale". 
8. Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final 
Terms (including, without limitation, Euroclear France and, in relation to SIS Notes or any other Notes 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange) or approved by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only), and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, the AMF and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning 
of Article 238-0-A of the French Code général des impôts.

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the Notes to be issued under English 
law (the English Law Notes) that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the Final Terms 
(as defined below), shall be applicable to the English Law Notes. These Conditions will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and will be endorsed upon or attached to each definitive Note. The 
Final Terms in relation to any Tranche (as defined below) of Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference in, each Temporary Global Note, 
Permanent Global Note and definitive Note. 
In the case of any Tranche (as defined below) of English Law Notes which are being admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to 
the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of English Law Notes may complete 
any information in this Base Prospectus.  
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms. References in the Terms and Conditions to the Notes are to the English 
Law Notes of one Series only, not to all English Law Notes that may be issued under the Programme 
and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Note(s) represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency of issue; 
(ii) 
definitive Notes in bearer form (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a global Note; 
(iii) 
definitive Bearer SIS Notes (as defined below) (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) issued in 
exchange for a Permanent Global SIS Note; 
(iv) 
any global Note in bearer or registered form (Bearer Global Note(s), in case of Bearer SIS 
Notes, a Permanent Global SIS Note and a Registered Global Note(s), respectively, and 
each a global Note);  
(v) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Definitive Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Registered Global Note); and 
(vi) 
Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and registered with and cleared 
through SIX SIS Ltd. or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange (Uncertificated SIS Notes). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are issued by the Issuer with the benefit of an amended 
and restated agency agreement dated 21 December 2018 (the English Law Agency Agreement, 
which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time) and made between, inter alios, the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg (formerly Société 
Générale Bank & Trust) as principal paying agent, registrar, transfer agent, exchange agent, fiscal 
agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and calculation agent (the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent, respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any 
additional or successor agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified 
in the Final Terms), Société Générale as calculation agent (the Calculation Agent, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to 
time and specified in the Final Terms) and the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, 
together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time). The Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the 
Agents.

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
Any issue of SIS Notes (as defined below), and other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, 
will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, 
which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the principal Swiss paying agent (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, and the other Swiss 
paying agents (if any), (the Swiss Paying Agents) respectively, appointed from time to time (which 
expressions shall include any additional or successor (principal) Swiss paying agent appointed from 
time to time), and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying Agents). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the 
English Law Agency Agreement.  
Other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, in respect of which no Coupons will be attached, interest-
bearing Definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) have interest coupons 
(Coupons) and, if indicated in the Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to "Coupons" or "coupons" shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to "Talons" or "talons". Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Any references in these Terms and Conditions to "Coupons" or "Talons" shall not apply to Registered 
Notes. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, 
unless the context requires otherwise, include the holders of Talons. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each term as defined 
below) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final Terms (including, without limitation, Euroclear 
France and the financial intermediaries authorised to maintain accounts therein (together Euroclear 
France) and, in the case of SIS Notes or other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, SIX 
SIS Ltd., the Swiss securities services provider (SIS) or any other clearing institution in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (SIX Swiss Exchange) or approved by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only), 
and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Autorité des marchés financiers 
and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0-A of the 
French Code général des impôts. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Prospectus Regulation shall be to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms) that are 
endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference in the relevant Tranche of Notes and which 
complete these terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions or Conditions). References herein 
to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms for a specific Series of Notes (or other relevant provisions 
thereof) and, if applicable, any schedules to the Final Terms, which Final Terms are endorsed on, 
attached to, or incorporated by reference in this Note. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche 
of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single Series and (b) identical in all respects except for their principal amount, 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Copies of the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) 
and the Deed of Covenant (as defined below) are available for inspection during normal business hours 
from the head office of the Issuer and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the Final Terms. The statements in the Conditions include

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement and 
the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable). Words and expressions defined in the English 
Law Agency Agreement or used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these 
Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of any inconsistency between the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying 
Agency Agreement (where applicable), and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will prevail. 
In relation to Notes (other than SIS Notes) held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or 
another clearing system, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed 
of covenant dated 14 March 2016 (the Deed of Covenant, which expression includes the same as it 
may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made by the Issuer. The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes, except for Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) or Uncertificated SIS Notes, are in 
bearer form (Bearer Notes), and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. The 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at 
least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency. 
A SIS Note is either in bearer form (a Bearer SIS Note) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form (an Uncertificated SIS Note), which is, or is intended to be, deposited or registered with 
and cleared through SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes 
by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary). SIS Notes may be 
denominated in Swiss Francs or other currencies approved by the Intermediary. The Final Terms will 
indicate whether SIS Notes are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS Notes (each as defined below) or 
Uncertificated SIS Notes. 
Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without 
interest coupons attached that will be deposited with the Intermediary on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche. Once the Permanent Global SIS Note representing the Bearer SIS Notes has been 
deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated 
Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs benefit from a limited exception to the 
non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules, if such Bearer SIS Notes 
fulfil the relevant requirements set out below. Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs which 
fulfil these requirements are hereinafter referred to as CHF SIS Notes. Bearer SIS Notes denominated 
in Swiss Francs that do not fulfil these requirements and Bearer SIS Notes denominated in a currency 
approved by the Intermediary other than Swiss Francs are hereinafter referred to as Other SIS Notes. 
The following criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the certification requirement 
of the TEFRA D Rules to apply: 
(i) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs; 
(ii) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland; 
(iii) 
the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and 
documentation;

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
the relevant Dealer(s) agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within 
Switzerland; 
(v) 
the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located 
outside Switzerland; 
(vi) 
the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss 
governmental, banking or securities authorities from time to time; and 
(vii) 
more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are 
part are offered and sold to non-Dealers by the relevant Dealer(s) maintaining an office located 
in Switzerland.  
Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary on 
or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes have been entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
In the case of SIS Notes, no printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons will occur (except as 
provided herein with respect to Bearer SIS Notes only). No Holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall at any time 
have the right to effect or demand the exchange of the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such 
Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer SIS Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS 
Notes) or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. If (i) the relevant Dealer (in the case of 
any Bearer SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in 
the case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid) deems the printing of definitive Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons is required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the enforcement of rights (including in 
cases of bankruptcy, consolidation or reorganisation of the Issuer) (each such circumstance, in respect 
of Bearer SIS Notes, a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event), the relevant Dealer (in the case of any 
Bearer SIS Notes which are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the 
case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid) will provide for the printing of such definitive 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons at the expense of the Issuer and without cost to the relevant Noteholders. 
The Issuer irrevocably authorises the relevant Dealer (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes that are 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes 
that are not listed as aforesaid) to provide for such printing on its behalf. If Definitive Bearer SIS Notes 
are delivered, the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, and the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes 
shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such 
holders' securities accounts. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, all depending upon the Interest/Payment/Redemption 
Basis specified in the Final Terms.  
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
(b) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject as set out 
below, the Issuer and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the 
next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
56 
 
 
 
 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes (other than SIS Notes) or the Registered Notes is represented 
by a global note held on behalf of, or in the case of Registered Notes, by a Common Depositary (as 
defined below) or in the case of New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes held under the NSS 
(as defined below), a Common Safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper), on behalf of, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Registrar as the holder of such nominal amount of the 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global note or, as applicable, the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Note (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, each holder thereof shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the 
extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Permanent Global SIS Note 
remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Bearer 
SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee held with a participant of the Intermediary. Uncertificated SIS Notes may also 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificates SIS Notes in a securities account of 
the transferee held with a participant of the Intermediary. The records of the Intermediary will determine 
the number of SIS Notes held through each participant of the Intermediary. In respect of SIS Notes held 
in the form of Intermediated Securities (Bucheffekten), the holders of such SIS Notes will be the persons 
holding such SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name held with a 
participant of the Intermediary, or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding such SIS Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and, where 
applicable, Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Bearer Global Notes (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) which are not issued in new global note 
(NGN) form or Registered Global Notes which are not held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
Common Depositary), and in the case of Registered Global Notes registered in the name of any 
nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream. Bearer Global Notes which are stated in the Final Terms to 
be issued in NGN form or Registered Global Notes which are held under the NSS will be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. For the purposes of payment 
of principal or interest on the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person, the bearer 
of the relevant global Note or, as applicable, the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note, shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and, where applicable, “Couponholder” and “holder of Coupons” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
If the Bearer Global Note is a NGN, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream will be

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
57 
 
 
 
 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Redenomination of Notes 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, by giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice in 
accordance with Condition 13 and 14, as the case may be, and on or after the date on which (i) 
the Member State of the European Union in whose national currency the Notes are denominated 
has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the EC), as 
amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or (ii) events have occurred which have substantially 
the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series denominated 
in such national currency into Euro and adjust the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and 
the Denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on 
which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Terms and Conditions 
as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting 
the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and the Denomination(s) of each Note from the 
relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of 
each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall 
be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 16, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, make any changes or 
additions to these Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to give 
effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 16 (including, without limitation, any change 
to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such changes or 
additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders, Coupons and 
Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or Couponholder or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
58 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such 
clearing systems acting on behalf of direct and indirect transferors and transferees of such beneficial 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the English Law Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in paragraph (e), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
English Law Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in 
the Specified Denominations set out in the Final Terms. In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder 
or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial regulations being set out in Schedule 6 to the 
English Law Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply 
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered 
Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Definitive Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered 
Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not 
transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor 
by uninsured mail to such address as the transferor may request. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
Transfers of a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note or a beneficial interest therein, or any Registered Note 
represented thereby, may not at any time be made to a transferee in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
delivery thereof made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
(e) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global 
Note of the same type at any time. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may either be senior (Senior Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Notes  
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the €50,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law 
n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (the Law) on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
A. 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations, 
as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier (the Code).  
Such Senior Preferred Notes including where applicable any related Coupons rank and will rank equally 
and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
outstanding as of the date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Issuer issued after the 
date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present or future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-
30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in 
full of all present or future creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from 
statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred Creditors) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any 
present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of 
Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes and, 
where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, 
where applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer.

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
60 
 
 
 
 
B. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code).  
Such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons rank and will rank 
equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) issued 
after the date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code); 
and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment 
in full of all present or future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Preferred Creditors) 
and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer 
in connection with Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be 
terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank equally and rateably 
without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the 
exception of subordinated obligations referred to in (ii) and (iii) below;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future (x) subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in 
priority to the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons and 
(y) subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
(iv) 
junior to all present or future (x) senior obligations and (y) senior obligations preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Subordinated 
Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full 
of all present or future senior creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, subordinated obligations 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Creditors) and, subject to such payment in full,

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
61 
 
 
 
 
the Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by it and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Creditors, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
will be terminated. The Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 3, in the context of a resolution of the Issuer, if any 
Bail-in Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 18), and subject to certain 
exceptions, losses would in principle be borne first by shareholders, then by holders of capital 
instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as Subordinated Notes), then by the holders 
of senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and finally by the 
holders of senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes), all in accordance with 
the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
4. 
Interest 
Interest on Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be payable on one or more Interest Payment 
Date(s) as defined and as provided below. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
The Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of any fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4 for full information on 
the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and any 
related Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(a)(ii). 
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears a fixed rate of interest which may be either an Adjusted 
Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note. 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
any related Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this Condition (and without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 5(h)), unchanged and are calculated in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(a)(i). 
(i) 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of Interest will 
initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period, will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
62 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
(as specified in the Final Terms). 
If the Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments 
of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified (the Broken Amount). 
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(2) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered 
Notes, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a Definitive 
Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(ii) 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of 
Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period, and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then: 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
63 
 
 
 
 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
and the expression “Interest Payment Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount) 
payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(2) 
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or 
a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount for each Interest Period, and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
(iii) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Resettable Notes  
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Mid-
Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iii) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 4(a)(iii).

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, 
any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may 
be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then 
applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the 
case may be, will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(a)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then such 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(a)(iii)).  
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) (such 
amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
paragraph (E) vary these Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
65 
 
 
 
 
Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph 
(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this Condition 4(a)(iii) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in their determination) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Mid-Swap Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D), the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate and the priority fallback provisions provided for in the definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” will 
continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of determining 
the Rate of Interest. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the Final Terms, and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each date (each such date, 
together with each Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or any other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred 
or

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
66 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an unadjusted basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not 
be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention. 
In this Condition 4, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the 
Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open (a TARGET 2 Business Day). In these Terms and Conditions, 
TARGET 2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the Final Terms, which may be: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA 
Definitions) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant Series.

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
67 
 
 
 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by 
linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
a) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final 
Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case of the London interbank offered rate 
(LIBOR), 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) or the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant 
Reference Rate on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the 
principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the London

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
68 
 
 
 
 
inter-bank market if the Reference Rate is LIBOR or the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the London inter-bank 
market if the Reference Rate is LIBOR or the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation 
Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the provisions of paragraph (y) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, 
Condition 4(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
b) 
Provisions specific to SONIA reference rate 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate 
for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day (“i+1”);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
69 
 
 
 
 
SONIA, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi-pLBD, means for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD”, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s 
Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
c) 
Provisions specific to SOFR reference rate 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR 
Lockout Compound or SOFR Lookback Compound as follows: 
(x) if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
70 
 
 
 
 
(y) if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below be USD-SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
where: 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, 
but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be 
SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
71 
 
 
 
 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
72 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
As used herein: 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR, as defined above; provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
73 
 
 
 
 
or tenor, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2)  
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
74 
 
 
 
 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
d)  
Provisions specific to SHIBOR reference rate 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by 
China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the 
authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business 
day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate 
for the corresponding period. 
If Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate 
determined by the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in 
the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead of the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong 
Branch) on the following basis:  
(i) 
if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that 
rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR 
in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof.  
e) 
Provisions specific to €STR reference rate 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1൅
€STRiൈni-pT2BD
360
൰-1
d0
iൌ1
቏ൈ360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business Day and 
no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 
2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 2 Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank.

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
75 
 
 
 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business Day and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET 2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each 
TARGET 2 Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified 
EDFR, or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published 
ECB Recommended Rate nor Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR for each 
TARGET 2 Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
For the purpose of this Condition: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do for any Interest Period, is the number of TARGET 2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 10 July 
2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks 
may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank 
and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET 2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET 2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided 
by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET 2 Business Day immediately following such TARGET 2 Business 
Day; 
€STRi-pT2BD means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR for the TARGET 2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i”; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 2 Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
ni for any TARGET 2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 2 
Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET 2 Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
f) Provisions specific to TONA reference rate 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
78 
 
 
 
 
቎ෑ൬1൅
TONAi-pTBDൈni
365
൰-1
d0
iൌ1
቏ൈ365
d  
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Tokyo 
OverNight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of 
Japan  on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
TONAi-pTBD, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking Day 
for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such authorised distributors. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to TONA, 
Condition 4(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
79 
 
 
 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes (except for SONIA, SOFR and 
€STR reference rates Notes) 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination 
Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and, in either case, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded 
from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or 
defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the 
Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or  
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be, will 
be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period will be 
equal to the Original Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the last available Original Reference Rate.  
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(b)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(b)(iii)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (E) vary these Conditions to the 
extent needed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments 
(as the case may be), determined under this Condition 4(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D), the 
Original Reference Rate and the priority fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(ii) will 
continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Additional provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the Final 
Terms as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, as the case may

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
81 
 
 
 
 
be, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the Final 
Terms. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is determined 
by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(v) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(A), if the Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
If n/N or nb/Nb is specified as the Rate Multiplier in the Final Terms, the following definitions shall apply: 
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark 
was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
Benchmark means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, as applicable, 
Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
– 
if USD-LIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-LIBOR-BBA" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, USD-LIBOR will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-LIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
– 
if GBP-LIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
82 
 
 
 
 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "GBP-LIBOR-BBA" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, GBP-LIBOR will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"GBP-LIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
– 
if EURIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page, 
EURIBOR will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for 
a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any 
Reset Date). 
– 
if EUR-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date), and appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) under 
the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – FRF" and above the caption "11:00 AM FRANKFURT". If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page, EUR-CMS 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Option "EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date). 
– 
if USD-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-ISDA-Swap Rate" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and 
appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (New York time). If on any 
Benchmark day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page, USD-CMS will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-CMS-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
For the purposes hereof, the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of the relevant Interest Period 
which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark on the first 
preceding Benchmark Day.  
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark is: 
– 
USD-LIBOR or GBP-LIBOR, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and deposit in USD) in London; 
– 
EURIBOR or EUR-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the TARGET 2 
System is operating; and

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
83 
 
 
 
 
– 
USD-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in New York City. 
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first 
Business Day after such calculation). 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of each Note for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered 
Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a 
Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13.   
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating 
rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 4(d) applies if the Final Terms specify that the clause "Zero Coupon Note Provisions" is 
"Applicable".

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
84 
 
 
 
 
The Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the Reference 
Price) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late payment (pursuant 
to the provisions of Conditions 6(k) and 6(n)). 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is redeemed or becomes due and repayable, the amount due and repayable 
(the Amortised Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and notified in accordance with Condition 13 and 14, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if applicable) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
be calculated and to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the relevant Rate of Interest until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(f) 
Certain definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period, Day Count Fraction means 
the following (provided that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction 
applicable to Floating Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period, falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period, falling

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
85 
 
 
 
 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period, falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period, divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
86 
 
 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
Furthermore, for the purposes of this Condition 4: 
 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or to the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); 
(iv) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate; 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as the case 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
87 
 
 
 
 
may be, or the administrator or sponsor of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as 
the case may be, to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes;  
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 4(a)(iii)(B) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D); 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Bloomberg Treasury Screen means page USTI on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying 
actively traded United States Treasury Securities; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
First Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or U.S. Treasury Rate 
(or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be;  
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the First Reset Rate and the First Margin; 
H.15(519) means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
 
Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), annoncing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
88 
 
 
 
 
be), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case 
may be), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) is no longer representative of 
an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate or Original 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate (as the case may be)) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified; 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), or the prohibition of use 
of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), and not the date 
of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms;  
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Initial U.S. Treasury Rate means the rate specified in the Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date, if 
any; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified as an Interest Payment Date in the Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the relevant 
clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent);

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
89 
 
 
 
 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Mid-
Swap Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iv) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate; 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(iii)(D); 
Mid-Swap 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means in connection with a specified currency, the 
Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms which, unless otherwise specified therein, shall be 
EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(x) 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
90 
 
 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(y) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide it with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset 
Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the Mid-Swap 
Rate shall be (i) in the case of the First Reset Date, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) in the 
case of the Second Reset Date or any Subsequent Reset Date, the Mid-Swap Rate as at the 
last preceding Reset Date. 
(z) 
If the provisions of paragraph (y) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, Condition 4(a)(iii) above shall apply. 
Original Mid-Swap Rate means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
Rate Determination Agent means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) the Issuer, (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer or (v) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role; 
Reference Banks means, the office in the principal centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference 
Rate of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market in the case of a determination of LIBOR, and, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR) in each case selected by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
91 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board (the FSB) or any part thereof; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page or the source in each case specified in the Final Terms or such 
successor page or source determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Reset Date means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
Reset Period means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date. If 
at least three such Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only two Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury 
Rate Quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only one Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation provided, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If no Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (i) in the case of 
each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the  U.S. Treasury Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period, the Initial U.S. Treasury 
Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the secondary market bid price provided by the Reset Reference Bank for the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Banks means: 
(i) 
If Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely; 
(ii) 
If U.S. Treasury Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary 
United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars in New York City,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
92 
 
 
 
 
Reset United States Treasury Securities means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve 
(12) months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in such United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Rate means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or 
U.S. Treasury Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be;  
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Subsequent Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.; 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield (bid) for the United States Treasury Securities for a designated 
maturity equal to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as that yield is 
displayed on the Bloomberg Treasury Screen at the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Bloomberg 
Treasury Screen on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United 
States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity 
equal to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in the 
H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference 
Bank U.S. Treasury Rate on such Reset Determination Date; 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
93 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Rounding generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, such amounts will, if 
necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4, by the Fiscal Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error 
or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Registered Notes, subject also as provided in the Final 
Terms, payments made in: 
(i) 
a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency or an account on which the Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, except in the case of Registered Notes, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is 
Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal); 
(ii) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, except in 
the case of Registered Notes, by a euro-cheque; and  
(iii) 
Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in 
Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). Payments under paragraph 
(a) made, at the option of the bearer of such Note or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered 
to an address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and 
regulations, such payments made by transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account 
maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. Subject as provided below, no 
payment in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note or Coupon will be made upon presentation of such

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
94 
 
 
 
 
Definitive Bearer Note or Coupon at any office or agency of the Issuer or any Paying Agent in the United 
States, nor will any such payment be made by transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the 
United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. Where any Floating Rate Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may decide. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date, or if 
there is no such preceding date, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
such Bearer Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, 
will be made on such Bearer Global Note by the relevant Paying Agent and such record shall be prima 
facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less 
than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For 
these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
95 
 
 
 
 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the 
Specified Currency is Canadian dollars shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi 
shall be Hong-Kong) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register at the close of business on, in the case of Registered Notes in definitive form only, the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date) at such holder's address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon 
application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest 
in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner 
provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all 
future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes 
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar 
is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount 
of such Registered Note. Notwithstanding the above, in respect of Registered Global Notes, the Record 
Date will be the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where 
Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 
January. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of SIS Notes, and any other English Law Notes listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 5, in the case of SIS Notes, or other English Law 
Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement 
and modify the English Law Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Notes, including 
providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which, in the case of Notes listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties 
including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital market customs and payment instructions. 
The Issuer shall make all payments of principal and interest due under the SIS Notes to the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent in accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Payments of principal and interest in respect of any SIS Notes denominated 
in Swiss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss Francs, and in the case of SIS Notes 
denominated in a currency other than Swiss Francs in such other currency, which shall also be freely 
disposable, without collection costs and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the 
nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of any SIS Notes and without requiring any certification, 
affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
96 
 
 
 
 
due and punctual payment of such funds in Switzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under 
(i) the Permanent Global SIS Note or (ii) the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, Receipts and Coupons, if 
printed, or (iii) the Uncertificated SIS Notes, as the case may be, with respect to the payment of, as the 
case may be, principal, interest, costs and additional amounts on the Notes and the paying agency 
fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by a global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim 
against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer 
Notes (if any) will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes and any related Coupons in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or any other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.  
(h) 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment on (i) the next following Payment Business 
Day or (ii) if “Modified Following” is specified in the Final Terms, the next following Payment Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, in the relevant place. In the event that 
any adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance with this Condition 5(h), the relevant 
amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon shall not be affected by any such adjustment. For these 
purposes and except as specified in Condition 5(d), Payment Business Day means any day which is: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
97 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars shall be 
Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open; and 
(i) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
(j) 
Currency unavailability 
This paragraph shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note or Coupon in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer due to the imposition of 
exchange controls, the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or any other circumstances beyond 
the control of the Issuer (Currency Unavailability). In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Issuer 
will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the holder of such Note or Coupon by making payment in euro 
or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in 
exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris 
time, four Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not 
available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or U.S. 
dollars (as applicable) in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default. 
(k) 
Provisions specific to CNY currency event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists on a date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following, and require the 
Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute 
discretion: 
(i) 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on which 
the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as determined by the 
Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter;  
(ii) 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be replaced 
by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate 
Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good faith by the 
Calculation Agent); and

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
98 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
by giving notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions, 
the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions stating the occurrence of 
the CNY Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(k): 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between CNY and the Relevant Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-
deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
CNY Currency Events means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability and CNY 
Inconvertibility. 
CNY Illiquidity means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to make a payment or 
perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from CNY as may be 
required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other amount as may 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to 
the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong 
or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Relevant Currency means US Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such other currency as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
6. 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes shall be at least 
five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche) at its final redemption amount as specified 
in the Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency (the Final Redemption Amount). The Notes 
cannot be undated Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
99 
 
 
 
 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs: 
(i) Final Redemption Amount: at par 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount: a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or Calculation 
Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
(i) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event 
(x) 
Upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any 
time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount, as provided in Condition 6(k), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, provided that such notice shall be given no earlier than ninety 
(90) calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Withholding Tax Event means that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of any such Notes (and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it). 
(y) 
Upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event (as defined below) the Issuer may, at any time, at 
its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) as the case may be) and having given not 
less than seven (7) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as 
provided in Condition 6(k), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount without withholding for such taxes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Special Tax Event means that the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of (i) in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes, principal or interest or (ii) in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, interest only, in respect of the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, be prevented by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction from causing payment to be made to 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding 
the undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7.  
(ii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event (as defined below) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(i)(iii)) and having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) 
calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Subordinated Notes 
in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(k), 
together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, provided

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
100 
 
 
 
 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest 
payable being tax deductible for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des 
sociétés). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Tax Deductibility Event means that if by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, or any other change in the tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes, any interest payment under the Subordinated Notes was but is no longer (whether in 
whole or in part) tax-deductible by the Issuer for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les 
bénéfices des sociétés) purposes or the amount which was deductible by the Issuer on any 
interest payment under the Notes for French corporate income tax purposes, is reduced. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Withholding Tax 
Event and a Special Tax Event are each referred to as a Tax Event. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes  
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(iii)) and having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 6(k), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 
(the BRRD II));  
Capital Event means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of 
any applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital; 
Capital Requirements Directive means the Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital 
Requirements Directive V)); 
Capital Requirements Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 
2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital Requirements Regulation II); 
CRD means the Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation; 
Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer;

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
101 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Rules means the capital rules from time to time as applied by the Regulator and as amended 
from time to time including the implementation of the CRD and/or the BRRD; 
Special Event means any of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event or a 
Special Tax Event; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 by the then current requirements 
of the Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6(d) applies with respect to: 
- Senior Preferred Notes, unless “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms;  
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
- Subordinated Notes, if “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event in respect of Subordinated Notes” is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at 
any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)) and having given not less than thirty 
(30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes 
in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(k), together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means a change in the classification of the Notes under the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements, that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of 
the Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds or eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable 
to the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being 
less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. 
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD and CRD, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the SRB as the case may be, and/or as per 
the FSB TLAC Term Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time. 
(e) 
Redemption applying only with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option  
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(i) as the case 
may be), at any time (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) and having given not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as specified 
in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole but not in part, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below).

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
102 
 
 
 
 
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice (i.e. the Make-Whole Redemption Date) in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) and 
equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin as specified in the Final Terms.  
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) 
(Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the Final Terms.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Security means the security as specified in the Final Terms.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final 
Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13.  
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Redemption Option 
If a Residual Maturity Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(i) as the 
case may be), at any time, on or after the Optional Redemption Date and having given not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, 
in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(j) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
103 
 
 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
Clean-up Redemption Option  
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, and if 80 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the Final Terms (the Clean-
up Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Senior Preferred Notes of the same Series 
(which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a 
single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at 
any time, at its option, (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(i) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 13, to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(j) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(i)), the Issuer may, at its option on any Optional Redemption Date and having 
given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or in part, 
at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(j) together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and nor more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, both as specified in the Final Terms. 
In case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot (in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Notes in definitive form) 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and in accordance with the rules of the relevant securities depositary and any relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms (in the case of Registered Notes), in each case not more than thirty (30) 
calendar days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date).  
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Notes in definitive form, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant global Note 
will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this paragraph and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least ten (10) calendar days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
With respect to any Senior Preferred Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6(f) 
shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such notice 
by the Issuer, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note had already delivered a Put Notice in relation to 
that Senior Preferred Note in accordance with Condition 6(g).

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
104 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(i)), the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes may at their option, on the relevant Optional Redemption Date having given not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms), to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13, require 
the redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, in whole but not in part, such Senior Preferred 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 
6(j) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
Before the exercise of a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. 
To exercise the right to require the redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the holder of such Senior 
Preferred Note must, if the Senior Preferred Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice 
of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed 
and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be 
sent in accordance with Condition 13. If this Senior Preferred Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by this Senior Preferred Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons if applicable) or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Senior Preferred Note (together with any such unmatured Coupons and Talons) will, following delivery 
of the Put Notice, be held to the order or under its control. If the Senior Preferred Note is represented 
by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of the Senior Preferred Note the holder of the Senior Preferred Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream from 
time to time and, if the Senior Preferred Note is represented by a global Note, at the same time present 
or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Senior Preferred Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be: 
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default (if any) has 
occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such 
Senior Preferred Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9; and 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder: (A) such Senior Preferred Note constituted a Redeemed Note, or 
(B) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders and the Couponholders of its intention to redeem all 
of the Senior Preferred Notes in a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 
6(e)(i), Condition 6(e)(ii), Condition 6(e)(iii) or Condition 6(f).

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
105 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Substitution and Variation of the Notes 
(i) 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes 
The Issuer may at any time (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) as the case may be) having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, if a Withholding Tax 
Event, a Special Tax Event or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as the case may be) has 
occurred and is continuing or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers), substitute all (but not some only) 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Notes, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior 
Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer, that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Acknowledgment of Bail-In and Write-Down or 
Conversion Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders than the terms of the Senior Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and 
provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate to that effect signed by two (2) of its duly 
authorised representatives to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent during its normal business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to 
(x) in case of a substitution of the Senior Notes, the issue date of the relevant securities or (y) in case 
of a variation of the Senior Notes, the date such variation becomes effective, provided that such 
securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements to 
the same extent as the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, 
or restricting for a period of time the application of the MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event which are included in the Senior Notes);  
The rules under MREL or TLAC Requirements may be modified from time to time after 
the date of issuance of the Senior Notes 
(B) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the Senior Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation;  
(C) 
rank at least senior to, or pari passu with, the ranking of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Senior Preferred Notes, as the case may be, prior to the substitution or variation; 
(D) 
not be immediately subject to a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax Event; 
(E) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer if (i) the Senior 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation or (ii) the Senior Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(F) 
have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them 
if the Senior Notes had a solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
(ii) 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may at any time (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(iii)) and having given not less 
than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, if a Capital Event, a Tax 
Event or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as the case may be) has occurred and is continuing

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
106 
 
 
 
 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 (Acknowledgment of Bail-In 
and Write-Down or Conversion Powers), substitute all (but not some only) or vary the terms of all (but 
not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Tier 2 Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Qualifying Tier 2 Notes means securities issued by the Issuer, subject as required by the provisions 
of this definition, that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18 
(Acknowledgment of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders and the Couponholders than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, provided that such securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Regulator in relation 
to Tier 2 Capital (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant securities 
not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of the Special 
Events which are included in the Subordinated Notes);  
(B) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation;  
(C) 
rank senior to, or pari passu with, the ranking of the Subordinated Notes prior to the 
substitution or variation; 
(D) 
not be immediately subject to a Special Event;  
(E) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer if (i) the 
Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation or (ii) if the Subordinated Notes were listed or 
admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market 
immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(F) 
have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them if the 
Subordinated Notes had a solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation. 
(i) 
Conditions to redemption, substitution, variation, purchase or cancellation of 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date 
(i) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes  
Unless “Prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, 
substituted, varied or modified pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 6(e)(i) (Make-Whole Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(e)(ii) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(e)(iii) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),  
- 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(h)(i) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes),

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
107 
 
 
 
 
- 
Condition 6(l) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(m) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior written permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to the extent required at such date in the circumstances in which it is entitled to do 
so. 
(ii) 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted, varied or 
modified pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),  
- 
Condition 6(h)(i) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(l) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(m) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior written permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(iii) 
With respect to Subordinated Notes  
Subordinated Notes (which constitute Tier 2 Capital) may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled, 
substituted, varied or modified pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),  
- 
Condition 6(h)(ii) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(l) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(m) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met (according to Articles 77 and 78 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended or superseded from time to time): 
(i) 
the Regulator has given its prior written permission to such redemption, purchase, cancellation, 
substitution, variation or modification (as applicable). 
The rules under the CRD prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Regulator to a request by the Issuer to reduce, repurchase, call or redeem the Subordinated 
Notes.  
In this respect, the CRD provides that the Regulator shall grant permission to a reduction, 
repurchase, call or redemption of Subordinated Notes provided that either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption of Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces said Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity; or

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
108 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption, exceed 
the requirements laid down in the CRD and the BRRD by a margin that the Regulator may 
consider necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD provide that the Regulator may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five (5) years after the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes if: 
(1) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (A) or (B) above are met; and 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Regulator 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Regulator that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes,  
(4) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Regulator 
has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(5) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Regulator to grant permission in accordance with 
Article 78 of the Capital Requirements Regulation shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
The rules under the CRD may be modified from time to time after the date of issuance of 
Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event or a substitution or variation, the 
Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by two (2) of its duly authorised representatives to the 
Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
during its normal business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to: 
- the date set for redemption that such Special Event has occurred or will occur no more than 
ninety (90) days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be; or  
- (A) in the case of a substitution of the Subordinated Notes, the issue date of the relevant 
securities or (B) in the case of a variation of the Subordinated Notes, the date such variation 
becomes effective.  
(j) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of  
- Condition 6(e)(ii) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- Condition 6(e)(iii) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), and/or  
- Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred Notes),  
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on any date or dates as specified in the Final Terms 
(the Optional Redemption Date(s)) or on the date specified in the relevant notice, and at the amount 
(the Optional Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
109 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Optional Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the 
Final Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the Optional 
Redemption Date of the Notes so redeemed, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes 
and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem 
the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such optional redemption, have fallen due after the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 9(a), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph 
shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and 
apart from any such interest included in the Optional Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued 
or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(k) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of: 
- Condition 6(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), and  
- Condition 9 (Events of Default),  
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the relevant notice (it being 
understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the Final 
Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value 
to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes 
bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 9(a), the Early Redemption Amount, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
110 
 
 
 
 
to (but excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included 
in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount 
whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(l) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase (provided that, in the 
case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations: 
- Senior Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(i), unless “Prior permission of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms; 
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(ii); 
- Subordinated Notes: 
(x) for purposes other than market making, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i)(iii); 
(y) for market making purposes provided that the total principal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes so purchased (together with the principal amount of any Subordinated Notes previously 
such purchased) does not exceed the lower of (x) 10 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes (including such further Subordinated Notes issued 
pursuant to Condition 16), or (y) 3 per cent. of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
(m) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall be cancelled 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 6(i) as the case may be) forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto), in the case of Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering each such Note (together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto) to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(n) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note, 
except for Registered Notes, pursuant to this Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
4(d) up to (but excluding) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid.  
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes and/or any present or future Coupons 
relating thereto shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
In the event that any payments of (i) principal, interest or other assimilated revenues, 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, or (ii) interest only (and not principal), in the case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of any present or future Notes or any present or future Coupons relating 
thereto are required to be withheld or deducted for, or on behalf of, any Tax Jurisdiction, 
the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such additional amount as 
may be necessary, in order that each Noteholder or Couponholder, after withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges, will receive 
the full amount then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be 
payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
related Coupon by reason of his being connected with France other than by 
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date (as 
defined below), except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as 
defined in Condition 5(h)); or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required 
to be made pursuant to treaties executed or laws enacted by Switzerland 
providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those 
laid down in the former Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings 
income (as amended), in particular the principle to have a person other than 
the Issuer to withhold or deduct the tax, such as, without limitation, any paying 
agent; or 
(iv) 
in respect of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
nor offered to the public, if the Final Terms indicate that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable; or  
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting such Note or related 
Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
in case of a Special Tax Event, as described in Condition 6(b); or 
(vii) 
by reason of the Noteholder being domiciled or established, or receiving 
payments made under the Notes on an account open, in a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of article 
238-0 A of French Code général des impôts other than those mentioned in 2° 
of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
112 
 
 
 
 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Bearer Notes and any 
Coupons related thereto and the Registered Notes shall be prescribed and become void within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If “Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes” are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the holder of any Senior Preferred Notes may give written notice to the Issuer that the Senior 
Preferred Notes are, and they shall accordingly forthwith become immediately due and repayable at 
their Early Redemption Amount, together with, if appropriate and subject as otherwise provided herein, 
interest accrued to the date of repayment, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an 
Event of Default): 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the 
Notes of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 calendar days; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes of a given Series and (except in any case where such failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for a period of 60 calendar days next following the service on the Issuer of 
a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or any other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
Otherwise, there will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, and the holders of 
such Senior Preferred Notes and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate 
the term of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Coupons.  
In any case, in accordance with Condition 3(a)(A), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(b) 
No Event of Default with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or any related Coupons. 
In accordance with Condition 3(a)(B) if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the Senior Non-

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
113 
 
 
 
 
Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with any 
accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(c) 
No Event of Default with respect to Subordinated Notes  
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Noteholders 
and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their Subordinated 
Notes and/or any related Coupons. 
In accordance with Condition 3(b), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the Subordinated Notes shall 
become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with any accrued interest 
thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note or (in the case of any Bearer Note) Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced 
or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to relevant stock exchange requirements and 
all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that there will at all times be: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another 
relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which 
may be the Registrar) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(ii) 
a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a city in continental 
Europe; and 
(iii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
a Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 13), which notice shall be irrevocable. 
In relation to SIS Notes, and any other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will 
appoint and maintain a Principal Swiss Paying Agent, having a specified office in Switzerland (which, 
in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that 
is subject to supervision by the FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency 
Agreement and the Issuer will at no time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF SIS Notes having 
a specified office outside Switzerland. In relation to SIS Notes any reference in these Conditions to the 
Fiscal Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent. 
In acting under the English Law Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
114 
 
 
 
 
Couponholders. The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. If in connection with any Series of 
Notes the Calculation Agent is Société Générale, its appointment will be governed by the terms of the 
Calculation Agency Agreement set out in Appendix 1 to the English Law Agency Agreement. In the 
event that a Calculation Agent other than Société Générale is appointed in connection with any Series 
of Notes, the terms of its appointment will be summarised in the Final Terms. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
13. 
Notices regarding Notes other than SIS Notes 
All notices regarding the Definitive Bearer Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if published: 
(i) 
so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos); or 
(ii) 
in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times); or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers; or 
(iv) 
on the Issuer's website (http://prospectus.socgen.com) 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) or (ii) in the case of 
publication on a website, on the date on which such notice is first posted on the relevant website. 
All notices regarding the Definitive Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Definitive Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any Notes in definitive form are issued, there may, so long as the global Note(s) 
representing the Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) is or are held in its or their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
dispatched by mail, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
115 
 
 
 
 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in accordance with such rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on (i) the fourth day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, if "Four Day Delivery" 
is specified as the Clearing System Delivery Period in the Final Terms or (ii) the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, if "Same Day Delivery" is specified as the Clearing 
System Delivery Period in the Final Terms. 
All notices given to Noteholders (irrespective of how given) shall also be delivered in writing to: 
(a) 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority, to the relevant stock exchange or authority. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or 
the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Notices regarding SIS Notes and other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, notices regarding SIS Notes may be given by 
communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forwarding to the 
holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given with the 
communication to the Intermediary. 
So long as SIS Notes or other English law Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the 
rules of SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of such Notes will also be given without 
cost to the holders of the Notes through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent either: 
(i) 
by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange (www.six-
swissexchange.com), where notices are currently published under the address https://www.six-
group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-
notices.html#/; or 
(ii) 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication or if 
published more than once, on the first date of such publication. 
In addition or as an alternative, notices concerning SIS Notes may be published in a leading daily 
newspaper (such as, for example, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in Switzerland. 
Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first such publication). 
References in these Conditions to notices being made in accordance with Condition 13 shall be deemed 
to include mutatis mutandis the terms of this Condition 14 in respect of SIS Notes and other English 
Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes or the Coupons or certain provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time or by Noteholders holding not less than 10 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
116 
 
 
 
 
meeting is one or more persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one 
twentieth of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding and for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including but not limited to modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment or denomination of the Notes or 
Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-
third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the English Law Agency Agreement which is (i) to cure 
or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent provision contained therein, or which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or (ii) not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and/or the 
Couponholders (provided the proposed modification does not relate to a matter in respect of which an 
Extraordinary Resolution would be required if a meeting of Noteholders were held to consider such 
modification) or (iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Any modification (other than as provided for in Condition 4) may only be made subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6(i), as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall be required 
in order to comply with, or make any modifications or amendments to the Notes or to modify, vary, 
amend and restate and/or replace the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the relevant Global 
Note or any other documents relating to any Series of Notes as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may 
deem necessary or desirable to reflect or incorporate, requirements, regulations, pronouncements, 
orders or laws imposed, required by or issued pursuant to the Bail-in Power and pursuant to Condition 
4 and/or give effect to any substitution and variation as provided for in Condition 6(h). 
16. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes carrying rights identical in all respects to those of outstanding Notes and on the 
same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date, Issue Price 
and/or the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon), so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with, the outstanding Notes. 
The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified 
for a redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(c), on giving not less than 30 calendar days 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by it, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such 
other notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
117 
 
 
 
 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which may exist or is 
available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including on 
a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the Amounts Due are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no 
longer due. 
For these purposes, the Bail-in Power is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the SRM Regulation), or otherwise arising under French 
law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a Regulated Entity is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code 
as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
118 
 
 
 
 
A reference to the Relevant Resolution Authority is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the ACPR), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or 
any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to 
time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the SRM Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at 
the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to 
send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the English Law Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties 
under the English Law Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following 
such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the English Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in 
Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a 
Note. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 18, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
19. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly 
or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any 
non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes, Receipt or Coupon) and

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
119 
 
 
 
 
each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 19 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for this 
Condition 19. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The English Law Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the English Law Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
The Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law except for (i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) which will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law and (ii) in the case of Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, 
title and transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall 
be governed by Swiss law and particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in 
Switzerland recognized for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts 
of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
 
The Issuer appoints Société Générale, London Branch (SGLB), currently located at 1 Bank Street, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 4SG, as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event 
of SGLB ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
The Issuer has, in the English Law Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially 
similar to those set out above.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
120 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the Notes to be issued under French 
law (the French Law Notes) that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the Final Terms 
(as defined below), shall be applicable to the French Law Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes 
(as defined below), the text of the Terms and Conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title, but will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions and the 
Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions, as so completed (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of inapplicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche (as defined below) of French Law Notes which are being admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to 
the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of French Law Notes may complete 
any information in this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms. References in the Terms and Conditions to the “Notes” are to the French 
Law Notes of one Series only, not to all French Law Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Dematerialised Notes which are designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, 
or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or 
delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. French law Dematerialised Notes which are designated 
in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at 
any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and 
Materialised Notes, or in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 21 December 2018 (the French Law Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same 
as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg (formerly Société Générale Bank & Trust) as fiscal 
agent, principal paying agent, redenomination agent and consolidation agent (the Fiscal Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, respectively, 
which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor agent or any other 
calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified in the Final Terms), Société Générale as 
calculation agent (the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified in the Final Terms) and 
the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, together with the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents appointed from time to time). The Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the 
Agents. 
Any issue of Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes (each term as defined below) to be listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying 
Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
121 
 
 
 
 
the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between, amongst others, the 
Issuer, the principal Swiss paying agent (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, and the other Swiss 
paying agents (if any), (the Swiss Paying Agents) respectively, appointed from time to time (which 
expressions shall include any additional or successor (principal) Swiss paying agent appointed from 
time to time), and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying Agents). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the 
French Law Agency Agreement.  
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes and the holders of interest coupons 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes (Coupons) and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (Talons) for further Coupons (the Couponholders) are deemed to have notice of all of 
the provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable) applicable to them. Any reference here is to “Coupons” or “coupons” shall, unless the 
context requires otherwise, be deemed to include a reference to “Talons or “talons”. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
(each term as defined below) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final Terms or approved by the Issuer, 
the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory 
within the meaning of Article 238-0-A of the French Code général des impôts. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Prospectus Regulation shall be to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms). The 
Final Terms (or other relevant provisions thereof) complete these terms and conditions (the Terms and 
Conditions or Conditions) for the purposes of the relevant Tranche of Notes. As used herein, Tranche 
means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
Series and (b) identical in all respects except for their principal amount, their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of the Issuer 
and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Noteholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the French Law 
Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) and the Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement 
(where applicable). Words and expressions defined in the French Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss 
Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) or used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the French Law Agency Agreement, 
the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the Code) by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
122 
 
 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in either (i) bearer form (au 
porteur), in which case they will be inscribed as of the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France), acting as central 
depositary, which shall credit the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined 
below), or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case 
they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the 
registration agent (designated in the Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration 
Agent). 
For Notes issued in Dematerialised Form, unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the Final 
Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the 
central depositary identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company 
name nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream) or, in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the depositary banks for SIX SIS Ltd., the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in materialised bearer form (Materialised Notes) and will only be 
issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without coupons attached (a 
Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in 
materialised bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as further described herein) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Materialised Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities in 
materialised form, such as the Materialised Notes, governed by French law must be issued 
outside France. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, Notes shall constitute obligations within the 
meaning of Article L.213-5 of the Code. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, all depending upon the Interest/Payment/Redemption 
Basis specified in the Final Terms.  
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms (the Specified 
Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in 
France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified 
Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
123 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts in the books 
of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Notes) shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder of Materialised Notes. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, Noteholder or holder means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons 
or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of the 
Noteholder. 
(e) 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
(f) 
Redenomination of Notes 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, by giving at least 30 calendar days' prior notice in 
accordance with Condition 13, and on or after the date on which (i) the Member State of the 
European Union in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as 
provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the EC), as amended from time to 
time (the Treaty)) or (ii) events have occurred which have substantially the same effects, 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series denominated in such national 
currency into Euro and adjust the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and the 
Denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
124 
 
 
 
 
such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Terms and Conditions as 
the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting 
the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and the Denomination(s) of each Note from the 
relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of 
each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall 
be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 15, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the 
provisions of this Condition or Condition 15 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account 
market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders, Coupons and Talons and shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or Couponholders or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may either be senior (Senior Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the €50,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law 
n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (the Law) on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
A. 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations, 
as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code.  
Such Senior Preferred Notes including where applicable any related Coupons rank and will rank equally 
and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
125 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
outstanding as of the date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Issuer issued after the 
date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present or future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-
30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in 
full of all present or future creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from 
statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred Creditors) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any 
present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of 
Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer. 
B. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code).  
Such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons rank and will rank 
equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) issued 
after the date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code); 
and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment 
in full of all present or future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Preferred Creditors) 
and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer 
in connection with Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be 
terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
126 
 
 
 
 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank equally and rateably 
without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the 
exception of subordinated obligations referred to in (ii) and (iii) below;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future (x) subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in 
priority to the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons and 
(y) subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
(iv) 
junior to all present or future (x) senior obligations and (y) senior obligations preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the Subordinated 
Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full 
of all present or future senior creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, subordinated obligations 
expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes and those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, Senior Creditors) and, subject to such payment in full, 
the Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to 
any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres participatifs issued by it and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Creditors, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
will be terminated. The Subordinated Noteholders and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 2, in the context of a resolution of the Issuer, if any 
Bail-in Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 16), and subject to certain 
exceptions, losses would in principle be borne first by shareholders, then by holders of capital 
instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Subordinated Notes), then by the 
holders of senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and finally by 
the holders of senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes), all in accordance 
with the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
3. 
Interest 
Interest on Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be payable on one or more Interest Payment 
Date(s) as defined and as provided below. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of any fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3 for full information on 
the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
127 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and any 
related Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 3(a)(ii). 
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears a fixed rate of interest which may be either an Adjusted 
Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note. 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
any related Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this Condition (and without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 4(e)), unchanged and are calculated in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 3(a)(i). 
(i) 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of Interest will 
initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
(as specified in the Final Terms). 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period, ending 
on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified (the Broken 
Amount). 
(ii) 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of 
Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then:

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
128 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being “Modified 
Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
and the expression “Interest Payment Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount) 
payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the outstanding nominal amount of each Note and multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount for each Interest Period, and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period, or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
(iii) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Resettable Notes  
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Mid-
Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(a)(iii) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 3(a)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
129 
 
 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, 
any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may 
be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then 
applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the 
case may be, will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(a)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then such 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 3(a)(iii)).  
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(a)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines 
(i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) (such 
amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
paragraph (E) vary these Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
pursuant to this paragraph.

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
130 
 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph 
(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this Condition 3(a)(iii) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in their determination) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Mid-Swap Rate 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D), the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate and the priority fallback provisions provided for in the definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” will 
continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of determining 
the Rate of Interest. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the Final Terms, and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each date (each such date, 
together with each Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or any other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
131 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other 
date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an unadjusted basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not 
be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention. 
In this Condition 3, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney and, 
if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal) or (y) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 2 System is open (a TARGET 2 Business Day). 
In these Terms and Conditions, TARGET 2 System means the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the Final Terms, which may be: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity, Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA 
Definitions) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by 
linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
132 
 
 
 
 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
a) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
indicated in the Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case of the 
London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Specified Time in the principal 
financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the London inter-bank 
market if the Reference Rate is LIBOR or the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
133 
 
 
 
 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the London inter-bank 
market if the Reference Rate is LIBOR or the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or 
banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the provisions of paragraph (y) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate 
of Interest, Condition 3(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
b) 
Provisions specific to SONIA reference rate 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (it being understood that reference rate 
for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day (“i+1”);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
SONIA, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
134 
 
 
 
 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi-pLBD, means for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD”, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s 
Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
c) 
Provisions specific to SOFR reference rate 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR 
Lockout Compound or SOFR Lookback Compound as follows: 
(x) if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(y) if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below be USD-SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
135 
 
 
 
 
where: 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but 
excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be the 
SOFR with respect to SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
136 
 
 
 
 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest)and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination 
Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear as 
specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
137 
 
 
 
 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
As used herein: 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR, as defined above; provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenor, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
138 
 
 
 
 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2)  
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
139 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
d) 
Provisions specific to €STR reference rate 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1൅
€STRiൈni-pT2BD
360
൰-1
d0
iൌ1
቏ൈ360
d  
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business Day and 
no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 2 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 2 Business Day and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period 
on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET 2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each TARGET 2 
Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a 
later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
140 
 
 
 
 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended 
Rate nor Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day 
in the Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references 
to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period).  
For the purpose of this Condition: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do for any Interest Period, is the number of TARGET 2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
d) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 10 July 
2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks 
may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank 
and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means:

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
141 
 
 
 
 
c) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET 2 
Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
d) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET 2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided 
by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET 2 Business Day immediately following such TARGET 2 Business 
Day; 
€STRi-pT2BD means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR for the TARGET 2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i”; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
d) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such 
Interest Period; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
ni for any TARGET 2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 2 
Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
142 
 
 
 
 
Observation Period means in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of TARGET 2 Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
f) Provisions specific to TONA reference rate 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest is the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
቎ෑ൬1൅
TONAi-pTBDൈni
365
൰-1
d0
iൌ1
቏ൈ365
d  
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Tokyo 
OverNight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of 
Japan  on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day.

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
143 
 
 
 
 
TONAi-pTBD, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking Day 
for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such authorised distributors. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to TONA, 
Condition 3(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes (except for SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates Notes) 
 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination 
Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and, in either case, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be):

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
144 
 
 
 
 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded 
from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or 
defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the 
Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may be, will 
be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period will be 
equal to the Original Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Reference Rate shall be the last available Original Reference Rate.  
 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 3(b)(iii)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3(b)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (E) vary these Conditions to the 
extent needed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(E) 
Notices

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
145 
 
 
 
 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments 
(as the case may be), determined under this Condition 3(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (D), the 
Original Reference Rate and the priority fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3(b)(ii) will 
continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Additional provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the Final Terms 
as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA, as the case may be, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the Final Terms. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear 
interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(v) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), if the Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
If n/N or nb/Nb is specified as the Rate Multiplier in the Final Terms, the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
146 
 
 
 
 
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark 
was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
Benchmark means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, as applicable, 
Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
– 
if USD-LIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-LIBOR-BBA" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, USD-LIBOR will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-LIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
– 
if GBP-LIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "GBP-LIBOR-BBA" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page, GBP-LIBOR will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"GBP-LIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
– 
if EURIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page, 
EURIBOR will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for 
a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any 
Reset Date). 
– 
if EUR-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date), and appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) under 
the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – FRF" and above the caption "11:00 AM FRANKFURT". If on

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
147 
 
 
 
 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page, EUR-CMS 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Option "EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date). 
– 
if USD-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-ISDA-Swap Rate" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and 
appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (New York time). If on any 
Benchmark day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page, USD-CMS will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-CMS-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
For the purposes hereof, the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of the relevant Interest Period 
which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark on the first 
preceding Benchmark Day. 
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark is: 
– 
USD-LIBOR or GBP-LIBOR, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and deposit in USD) in London; 
– 
EURIBOR or EUR-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the TARGET 2 
System is operating; and 
– 
USD-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in New York City. 
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first 
Business Day after such calculation). 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of each Note for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding nominal amount of each Note, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
148 
 
 
 
 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating 
rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
This Condition 3 (d) applies if the Final Terms specify that the clause "Zero Coupon Note Provisions" is 
"Applicable". 
The Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the Reference 
Price) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late payment (pursuant 
to the provisions of Conditions 5(j) and 5(m)). 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is redeemed or becomes due and repayable, the amount due and repayable 
(the Amortised Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and notified in accordance with Condition 13 and 14, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if applicable) from the due date for its redemption unless, (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
be calculated and to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the relevant Rate of Interest until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Certain definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period, Day Count Fraction means 
the following (provided that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction 
applicable to Floating Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I)

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
149 
 
 
 
 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period, falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period, falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period, falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
150 
 
 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the, Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the, Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the, Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
Furthermore, for the purposes of this Condition 3: 
 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the 
case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or to the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
151 
 
 
 
 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged); 
(iv) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate; 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as the case 
may be, or the administrator or sponsor of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as 
the case may be, to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes;  
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(a)(iii)(B) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with Condition 3(b)(iii)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b)(iii)(D); 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Bloomberg Treasury Screen means page USTI on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying 
actively traded United States Treasury Securities; 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
First Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or U.S. Treasury Rate 
(or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be;  
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the First Reset Rate and the First Margin;

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
152 
 
 
 
 
H.15(519) means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
 
Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), annoncing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case 
may be), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) is no longer representative of 
an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate or Original 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate (as the case may be)) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified; 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), or the prohibition of use 
of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), and not the date 
of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Initial U.S. Treasury Rate means the rate specified in the Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date, if 
any;

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
153 
 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified as an Interest Payment Date in the Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the relevant 
clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed 
leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the case may be, to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or 
methodology that: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Mid-
Swap Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); 
(iv) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate; 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(a)(iii)(D); 
Mid-Swap 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means in connection with a specified currency, the 
Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms which, unless otherwise specified therein, shall be 
EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period, either:

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
154 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
(a) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid 
and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(y) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide it 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only two 
relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-
Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the Mid-
Swap Rate shall be (i) in the case of the First Reset Date, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and 
(ii) in the case of the Second Reset Date or any Subsequent Reset Date, the Mid-Swap 
Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date. 
(z) 
If the provisions of paragraph (y) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate 
of Interest, Condition 3(a)(iii) above shall apply.  
Original Mid-Swap Rate means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
Rate Determination Agent means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
155 
 
 
 
 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or (iv) the Calculation Agent (except when the Calculation Agent is Société 
Générale), accepting such role; 
Reference Banks means, the office in the principal centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference 
Rate of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the principal London office of 
four major banks in the London inter-bank market in the case of a determination of LIBOR, and, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR) in each case selected by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the Final Terms; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
(the FSB) or any part thereof; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page or the source in each case specified in the Final Terms or such 
successor page or source determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Reset Date means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
Reset Period means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date. If 
at least three such Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only two Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury 
Rate Quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only one Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation provided, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If no Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (i) in the case of 
each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the  U.S. Treasury Rate in respect of the

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
156 
 
 
 
 
immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period, the Initial U.S. Treasury 
Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the secondary market bid price provided by the Reset Reference Bank for the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(i) 
If Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely;  
(ii) 
If U.S. Treasury Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary 
United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars in New York City,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
Reset United States Treasury Securities means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, 
a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve (12) months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such 
United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
Subsequent Reset Rate means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or 
U.S. Treasury Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be; 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Subsequent Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.; 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield (bid) for the United States Treasury Securities for a designated maturity equal to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as that yield is displayed on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
157 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date; 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
(g) 
Rounding generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, such amounts will, if 
necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3, by the Fiscal Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error 
or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) the 
other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to accounts (denominated in the 
relevant currency) with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments 
validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, in payments made in: 
(A) 
a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
denominated in the relevant Specified Currency or an account on which the Specified Currency 
may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by 
a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall 
be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal); and 
(B) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
158 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). Payments under paragraph (i) 
made, at the option of the bearer of such Note or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered to an 
address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and 
regulations, such payments made by transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account 
maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. No payment in respect of any 
Definitive Materialised Note or Coupon will be made upon presentation of such Definitive Materialised 
Note or Coupon at any office or agency of the Issuer or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor will 
any such payment be made by transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
Where any Floating Rate Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may decide. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payment on Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
In the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall 
supplement and modify the French Law Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Notes, 
including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which shall at all times be a 
bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to 
Swiss capital market customs and payment instructions and providing for the appointment of Swiss 
Paying Agents to act as paying agents in Switzerland for such Notes.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
159 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.  
(e) 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment on (i) the next following Payment Business 
Day or (ii) if “Modified Following” is specified in the Final Terms, the next following Payment Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day, in the relevant place. In the event that 
any adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance with this Condition 4(e), the relevant 
amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon shall not be affected by any such adjustment. For these 
purposes, Payment Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Additional Financial Centres 
in the Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is 
to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in euro, on which the TARGET 2 System is 
open. 
(f) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 4, Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of payments to be made in euro, in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET 2 System. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “principal” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “interest” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6. 
(h) 
Currency unavailability 
This paragraph shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note or Coupon in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer due to the imposition of

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
160 
 
 
 
 
exchange controls, the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or any other circumstances beyond 
the control of the Issuer (Currency Unavailability). In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Issuer 
will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the holder of such Note or Coupon by making payment in euro 
or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in 
exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris 
time, four Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not 
available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or U.S. 
dollars (as applicable) in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes shall be at least 
five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche) at its final redemption amount as specified 
in the Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency (the Final Redemption Amount).  
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs: 
(i) Final Redemption Amount: at par 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount: a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
(i) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event 
(x) 
Upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any 
time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount, as provided in Condition 5(j), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, provided that such notice shall be given no earlier than ninety 
(90) calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Withholding Tax Event means that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of any such Notes (and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it). 
(y) 
Upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event (as defined below) the Issuer may, at any time, at 
its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h) as the case may be) and having given not 
less than seven (7) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as 
provided in Condition 5(j), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount without withholding for such taxes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
161 
 
 
 
 
A Special Tax Event means that the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of (i) in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes, principal or interest or (ii) in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, interest only, in respect of the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, be prevented by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction from causing payment to be made to 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding 
the undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 6. 
(ii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes 
the Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(iii)) and having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 5(j), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable 
being tax deductible for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Tax Deductibility Event means that if by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, or any other change in the tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, any interest 
payment under the Subordinated Notes was but is no longer (whether in whole or in part) tax-deductible 
by the Issuer for French corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes or the 
amount which was deductible by the Issuer on any interest payment under the Notes for French 
corporate income tax purposes, is reduced. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Withholding Tax Event 
and a Special Tax Event are each referred to as a Tax Event. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes  
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(iii)) and having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 5(j), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 
(the BRRD II));  
Capital Event means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of 
any applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital;

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
162 
 
 
 
 
Capital Requirements Directive means the Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital 
Requirements Directive V)); 
Capital Requirements Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 
2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital Requirements Regulation II); 
CRD means the Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation; 
Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; 
Relevant Rules means the capital rules from time to time as applied by the Regulator and as amended 
from time to time including the implementation of the CRD and/or the BRRD; 
Special Event means any of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event or a 
Special Tax Event; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 by the then current requirements 
of the Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event  
This Condition 5(d) applies with respect to: 
- Senior Preferred Notes, unless “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms; 
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
- Subordinated Notes, if “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event in respect of Subordinated Notes” is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at 
any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)) and having given not less than thirty 
(30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes 
in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(j), together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means a change in the classification of the Notes under the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements, that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of 
the Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds or eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable 
to the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being 
less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event.

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
163 
 
 
 
 
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD and CRD, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the SRB as the case may be, and/or as per 
the FSB TLAC Term Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time. 
(e) 
Redemption applying only with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option  
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(i) as the case 
may be), at any time (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) and having given not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as specified 
in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole but not in part, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice (i.e. the Make-Whole Redemption Date) in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) and 
equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the 
sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin as specified in the Final Terms.  
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) 
(Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the Final Terms.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13.  
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Security means the security as specified in the Final Terms.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation 
Agent (or such agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as person specified in the 
Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice,

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
164 
 
 
 
 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(ii) 
Residual Maturity Redemption Option  
If a Residual Maturity Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(i) as 
the case may be), at any time, on or after the Optional Redemption Date and having given not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, 
in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(i) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(iii) 
Clean-up Redemption Option  
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, and if 80 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the Final Terms (the Clean-
up Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Senior Preferred Notes of the same Series 
(which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a 
single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at 
any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(i) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 13, to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(i) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(h)), the Issuer may, at its option on any Optional Redemption Date and having 
given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole or in part, 
at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(i) together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a 
nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and nor more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, both as specified in the Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes and the Coupons shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
165 
 
 
 
 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a 
Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only 
of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes 
that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the Code and the provisions of the Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
With respect to any Senior Preferred Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(f) 
shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such notice 
by the Issuer, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note had already delivered a Put Notice in relation to 
that Senior Preferred Note in accordance with Condition 5(g). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(i)), the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes may at their option, on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, having given not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms), to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13, require 
the redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, in whole but not in part, such Senior Preferred 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 
5(i) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
Before the exercise of a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. 
To exercise the right to require the redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the holder of such Senior 
Preferred Note must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option 
exercise notice (the Put Notice) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, 
as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Put Notice shall 
have attached to it such Senior Preferred Note(s) (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of 
the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. 
If the Senior Preferred Note is a Materialised Note and is held through a Clearing System, to exercise 
the right to require redemption of the Senior Preferred Note, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the Clearing System (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by such Clearing System or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to such Clearing System from time to time and, if such Senior Preferred Note is 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate (as prescribed in the French Law Agency Agreement), 
at the same time present or procure the presentation of such Temporary Global Certificate to the Fiscal 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes in 
accordance with this Condition must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Clearing System and if there is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System, then the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System shall 
prevail.

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
166 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, Clearing System shall mean Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and/or any other clearing system or institution through which the Senior Preferred Notes 
are held for the time being and such shall include (where appropriate) any relevant central securities 
depository relating thereto. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Senior Preferred Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be: 
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default (if any) has 
occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Senior 
Preferred Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8; and 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder: (A) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of its intention to effect a partial redemption of the Notes in a Series and such Senior Preferred 
Note had been selected for redemption (including, without limitation, pursuant to the partial 
reduction in the nominal amount of all Senior Preferred Notes in a Series or the redemption in 
full of some only of the Senior Preferred Notes in a Series), or (B) the Issuer had notified the 
Noteholders of its intention to redeem all of the Senior Preferred Notes in a Series then 
outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 5(e)(i), Condition 5(e)(ii), Condition 5(e)(iii) or 
Condition 5(f). 
(h) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase or cancellation of Notes prior to the Maturity 
Date 
(i) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes  
Unless “Prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled 
pursuant to: 
- 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
 - 
Condition 5(e)(i) (Make-Whole Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(e)(ii) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(e)(iii) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer),  
- 
Condition 5(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes), 
- 
Condition 5(k) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(l) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior written permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to the extent required at such date in the circumstances in which it is entitled to do 
so. 
(ii) 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
167 
 
 
 
 
- 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
- 
Condition 5(k) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(l) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior written permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(iii) 
With respect to Subordinated Notes  
Subordinated Notes (which constitute Tier 2 Capital) may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled 
pursuant to: 
- 
Condition 5(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
- 
Condition 5(k) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(l) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met (according to Articles 77 and 78 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended or superseded from time to time): 
(i) 
the Regulator has given its prior written permission to such redemption, purchase or cancellation, 
(as applicable). 
The rules under the CRD prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Regulator to a request by the Issuer to reduce, repurchase, call or redeem the Subordinated 
Notes.  
In this respect, the CRD provides that the Regulator shall grant permission to a reduction, 
repurchase, call or redemption of Subordinated Notes provided that either of the following 
conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption of Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces said Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the CRD and the BRRD by a margin that the 
Regulator may consider necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD provide that the Regulator may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes before five (5) years after the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes if: 
(1) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (A) or (B) above are met; and 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Regulator 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator that such Tax Event is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
168 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer replaces such Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
the Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would 
be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; 
or 
(5) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes. 
The rules under CRD may be modified from time to time after the date of issuance of 
Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has delivered a 
certificate signed by two (2) of its duly authorised representatives to the Fiscal Agent 
(and copies thereof will be available at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent during its 
normal business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for 
redemption that such Special Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) 
days following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of  
- Condition 5(e)(ii) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- Condition 5(e)(iii) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- Condition 5(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and/or 
- Condition 5(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred Notes), 
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on any date or dates as specified in the Final Terms 
(the Optional Redemption Date(s)) or on the date specified in the relevant notice, and at the amount 
(the Optional Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Optional Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the 
Final Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the Optional 
Redemption Date of the Notes so redeemed, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes 
and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem 
the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such optional redemption, have fallen due after the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 8(a), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph 
shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and 
apart from any such interest included in the Optional Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued 
or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
169 
 
 
 
 
(j) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of: 
- Condition 5(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- Condition 5(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), and  
- Condition 8 (Events of Default), 
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the relevant notice (it being 
understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the Final 
Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value 
to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes bearing 
interest, notwithstanding Condition 8(a), the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the 
Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever 
will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase (provided that, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations : 
- Senior Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(i), unless “Prior permission of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms; 
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(ii); 
- Subordinated Notes: 
(x) for purposes other than market making, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h)(iii), at any 
price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 
(y) for market making purposes provided that the total principal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
so purchased (together with the principal amount of any Subordinated Notes previously such

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
170 
 
 
 
 
purchased) does not exceed the lower of (x) 10 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes (including such further Subordinated Notes issued pursuant 
to Condition 15), or (y) 3 per cent. of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall be cancelled 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h), as the case may be) forthwith (together with, in the case 
of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto), in the case of 
Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note (together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto) to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note, 
pursuant to this Condition 5 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 3(d) up to (but excluding) the 
date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid. 
6. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes and/or any present or future Coupons 
relating thereto shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
In the event that any payments of (i) principal, interest or other assimilated revenues, in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes, or (ii) interest only (and not principal), in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of any present or future Notes or any present or future Coupons relating thereto 
are required to be withheld or deducted for, or on behalf of, any Tax Jurisdiction, the 
Issuer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such additional amount as may be 
necessary, in order that each Noteholder or Couponholder, after withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges, will receive the full amount 
then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment by or on behalf of 
a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or related Coupon by reason of his being 
connected with France other than by the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
171 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than 30 
calendar days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the such Note or related Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4(e)); or 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
nor offered to the public, if the Final Terms indicate that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to treaties executed or laws enacted by Switzerland providing 
for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid down in 
the former Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income (as 
amended), in particular the principle to have a person other than the Issuer to 
withhold or deduct the tax, such as, without limitation, any paying agent; or 
(v) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment by or on behalf of 
a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
presenting such Note or related Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
in case of a Special Tax Event, as described in Condition 5(b); or 
(vii) 
by reason of the Noteholder being domiciled or established, or receiving 
payments made under the Notes on an account open, in a non-cooperative State 
or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of article 238-0 
A of French Code général des impôts other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis 
of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent 
(or, in the case of Materialised Notes, the holders of such Materialised Notes) on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes and any Coupons 
related thereto shall be prescribed and become void within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
8. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If “Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes” are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the holder of any Senior Preferred Notes may give written notice to the Issuer that the Senior 
Preferred Notes are, and they shall accordingly forthwith become immediately due and repayable at 
their Early Redemption Amount, together with, if appropriate and subject as otherwise provided herein, 
interest accrued to the date of repayment, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an 
Event of Default):

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
172 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the 
Notes of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of 30 calendar days; 
or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes of a given Series and (except in any case where such failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for a period of 60 calendar days next following the service on the Issuer of 
a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or any other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
Otherwise, there will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, and the holders of 
such Senior Preferred Notes and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate 
the term of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Coupons. 
In any case, in accordance with Condition 2(a)(A), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(b) 
No Event of Default with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or any related Coupons. 
In accordance with Condition 2(a)(B) if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with any 
accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(c) 
No Event of Default with respect to Subordinated Notes 
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Subordinated Notes and Subordinated Noteholders 
and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their Subordinated 
Notes and/or any related Coupons. 
In accordance with Condition 2(b), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the Subordinated Notes shall 
become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with any accrued interest 
thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
9. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note (and/or any Coupon or Talon 
appertaining thereto) is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note (and/or any Coupon or Talon

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
173 
 
 
 
 
appertaining thereto) is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes (and/or, as the case may be, Coupons or further Coupons 
appertaining thereto)) and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and/or any Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto) must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that (except with respect to Materialised Notes) there will at all times be: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another 
relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
and 
(ii) 
a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a city in continental 
Europe; and 
(iii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
a Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent; and 
(vi) 
a Fiscal Agent. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 13), which notice shall be irrevocable. 
In relation to Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent having a specified office in Switzerland (which shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer 
that is subject to supervision by the FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency 
Agreement. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(f) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
11. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. Each Talon shall, for the purposes 
of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
12. 
Meeting and voting provisions  
In respect of meetings of, and votings by, the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
174 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
references to a General Meeting are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a 
single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned 
meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to Notes and Noteholders are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which 
a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, 
respectively; 
(C) 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(i) 
those Notes which have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled; 
(ii) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption and any 
interest (if any) payable after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders) and 
remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant Notes and/or Coupons, as 
the case may be; 
(iii) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes which have been surrendered and 
cancelled and in respect of which replacements have been issued; 
(iv) 
those Materialised Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and 
in respect of which replacements have been issued; and 
(v) 
any Temporary Bearer Global Certificate to the extent that it has been exchanged for 
Definitive Materialised Notes;  
(vi) 
provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those Notes (if 
any) which are for the time being held by any person (including but not limited to the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
(D) 
Resolution means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed (x) at 
a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) by a Written 
Resolution; and 
(E) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on 
which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(a) 
No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the Final Terms specify “No 
Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the Code, (a) the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having 
separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant 
de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, 
“d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la 
masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or 
“par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce 
relating to general meetings of noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted ; and 
(B) 
General Meetings will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce, except 
for Article L.228-65 and all other Articles which are ancillary or consequential to such Article,

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
175 
 
 
 
 
the second paragraph of Article L.228-68, the second sentence of the first paragraph and the 
second paragraph of Article L. 228-71, Article R.228-69, Article R.228-79 and Article R.236-9 
of the French Code de commerce and subject to the following provisions: 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
A General Meeting shall have power:  
(A) 
to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(B) 
to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of the rights of 
the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its or their property whether these rights 
arise under the Notes or otherwise; 
(C) 
to agree to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
to authorize anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to a 
Resolution; 
(E) 
to give any authority or approval which is required to be given by Resolution; 
(F) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any committee or committees any powers 
or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution provided that 
(a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of Articles L.228-49 and 
L.228-62 of the French Code de commerce and (b) persons to whom the practice of banker is 
forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing an 
enterprise in whatever capacity may not be so appointed; 
(G) 
to deliberate on any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions; 
(H) 
to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or the conversion 
of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or 
any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly 
for or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above and partly for or into or in 
consideration of cash;  
(I) 
to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
the principal debtor in respect of the Notes;  
(J) 
to appoint a nominee to represent the Noteholders’ interests in the context of the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and more particularly file a proof of claim in the name of all Noteholders 
in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to 
Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such appointment of a 
nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request 
of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file 
the proof of Noteholders’ claim; and 
(K) 
to deliberate on any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which 
now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
it being specified, however, that a General Meeting may not establish any unequal treatment between 
the Noteholders, and that the above provisions (in particular under (H) above) are without prejudice to 
the powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Regulator, provided that the special quorum 
provisions in paragraph (vi) shall apply to any Resolution (a Special Quorum Resolution) for the 
purpose of making a modification to the Notes which would have the effect of:

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
176 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
modify the Maturity Date of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount 
payable at maturity; or 
(b) 
reduce or cancel the amount payable or modify the payment date in respect of any interest in 
respect of the Notes or vary the method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes 
(other than as provided for in Condition 3); or 
(c) 
reduce any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final 
Terms; or 
(d) 
modify the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(e) 
modify the majority required to pass a Resolution; or 
(f) 
sanctioning any scheme or proposal described in paragraph (H) above; or 
(g) 
alter this proviso. 
For the avoidance of doubt a General Meeting has no power to decide on:  
(x) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets (apports 
partiels d’actifs) of or by the Issuer;  
(y) the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a different 
Member State of the European Union; or 
(z) the decrease of the share capital of the Issuer for reasons other than to compensate losses suffered 
by the Issuer. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 
IV of the Code, all the rights and prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described 
under (x) to (z) above, including the right to object (former opposition) to the transactions described 
under (x) to (z). 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, 
holding together at least one tenth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the 
Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been 
convened within seven (7) calendar days after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of 
their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting and determine its agenda. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting.  
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis 
by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article R.228-68 of the French 
Code de commerce). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
(v) 
Chairman

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
177 
 
 
 
 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their members to be chairman (the 
“Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of any quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and present 
at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the meeting from 
which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum, Adjournment and Voting 
The quorum at any meeting for passing a Resolution shall be one or more Noteholders present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one twentieth in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which includes any Special 
Quorum Resolution, the quorum shall be one or more Noteholders present and holding or representing 
in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after 
the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be dissolved. In any other case, it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more than 42 clear days and at a 
place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Fiscal Agent. If within 15 minutes (or a longer 
period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the time appointed for any 
adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject 
and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Chairman may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days 
(but without any maximum number of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman 
(either at or after the adjourned meeting) and approved by the Fiscal Agent, and the provisions of this 
sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Noteholders present (whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as 
provided below) have power to pass any Resolution, any Special Quorum Resolution or other resolution 
and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with Condition 13 but not less than ten 
(10) clear days prior to the date of a General Meeting for the approval of a Resolution other than a 
Special Quorum Resolution and not less than twenty-one (21) clear days prior to the date of a meeting 
for the approval of a Special Quorum Resolution and the notice shall state the relevant quorum. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or 
represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a Resolution other than a Special Quorum 
Resolution and by 75 per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or represented at such 
General Meetings for the approval of a Special Quorum Resolution. 
(vii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, instead of the holding of a General Meeting, to 
seek approval of a Resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-
46-1 and R.223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (Electronic 
Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
given in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
178 
 
 
 
 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). Notices seeking the approval of 
a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the 
case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution 
or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If the Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
Masse). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
Representative) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a General Meeting). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and 
subject to, the provisions of this paragraph (b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with 
its functions or duties as set out in the Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, 
hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with Condition 13 not less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five 
(5) calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
179 
 
 
 
 
the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article R.228-68 of the French Code de commerce). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13. In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the 
decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change 
the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge 
or other security made respectively pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the 
Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant 
to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 will be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(a)(viii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the Masse). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, 
pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce, of Article L.228-48, Article L.228-65, I, 
4°, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71 and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, 
R.228-69, R.228-79 and R.236-11, and subject to the following provisions:  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the General Meeting). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Condition 12(b)(ii) is deemed to be reproduced here.  
(iii) 
General Meetings 
Condition 12(b)(iii) is deemed to be reproduced here, except for the last sentence of the last paragraph 
which shall be deemed to be replaced by the following: 
In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, (i) the 
decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the 
refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the 
Issuer made pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes 
on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-
18 will be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(a)(viii) is deemed to be reproduced here.  
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the day of each General Meeting, and, in the case of an adjourned 
General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of 
such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports prepared in connection with

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
180 
 
 
 
 
such Resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, the calling and holding of General 
Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that, where 
the Final Terms specify “No Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the holders of Notes of the same 
Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been consolidated (assimilées for the 
purposes of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 15, 
shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes issued will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
One Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, if and for so long as the Notes 
of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. Such sole 
Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide copies 
of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code, the Issuer has the right to amend the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of the Noteholders, in order to correct a 
mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, no consent of the Noteholders shall 
be required in order to comply with or make any modifications or amendments to the Notes or the 
Agency Agreement as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable to reflect or 
incorporate requirements, regulations, pronouncements, orders or laws imposed, required by or issued 
pursuant to the Bail-in Power. 
Any modification (other than as provided for in Condition 3) of the Conditions pursuant to the above 
may only be made subject to the provisions of Condition 5(h), as the case may be. 
13. 
Notices regarding Notes other than Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(c), all notices to the holders of Materialised Notes 
and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be deemed to be validly given if published: 
(i) 
so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos); or 
(ii) 
in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times); or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement 
Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers; or 
(iv) 
on the Issuer's website (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
181 
 
 
 
 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspaper(s) or (ii) in the case of publication on a website, on the date on which such notice is 
first posted on the relevant website. 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(c) and Condition 13(d), all notices to the holders of 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be deemed to be validly given if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are 
published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers. 
(c) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(d), notices required to be given to the holders of 
Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Terms and 
Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a) and (b). 
(d) 
In the case of either Condition 13(b) or Condition 13(c), the Issuer shall also ensure that notices 
are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. 
14. 
Notices regarding Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
So long as Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Swiss Exchange 
so require, all notices in respect of such Notes and any related Coupons will be validly given without 
cost to the holders of the Notes or such Coupons through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent either 
(i) 
by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange (www.six-
swiss-exchange.com), 
where 
notices 
are 
currently 
published 
under 
the 
address 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-
data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/; or 
(ii) 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Any notices so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication or if 
published more than once, on the first date of such publication.  
References in these Conditions to notices being made in accordance with Condition 13 shall be deemed 
to include mutatis mutandis the terms of this Condition 14 in respect of Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange.  
15. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes carrying rights identical in all respects to those of outstanding Notes and on the 
same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date, Issue Price 
and/or the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon), so that the same shall be 
consolidated (assimilées for French law purposes) and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes, 
provided that the terms of such outstanding Notes provide for such assimilation.

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
182 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified 
for a redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(f), on giving not less than 30 calendar days 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by it, 
whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such 
other notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes. 
16. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including on 
a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the Amounts Due are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no 
longer due. 
For these purposes, the Bail-in Power is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the SRM Regulation), or otherwise arising under French 
law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise.

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
183 
 
 
 
 
A reference to a Regulated Entity is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code 
as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.  
A reference to the Relevant Resolution Authority is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the ACPR), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or 
any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to 
time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the SRM Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at 
the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to 
send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the French Law Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties 
under the French Law Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following 
such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the French Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in 
Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 16 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a 
Note. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 16, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
17. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
184 
 
 
 
 
or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any 
non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes, Receipt or Coupon) and 
each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 17 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for this 
Condition 17. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The French Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the French Law Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law.  
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the French Law 
Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), may be brought 
before the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
185 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPS/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) or in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]2 
OR 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
                                                     
1 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared, the legend should 
be included. 
2 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of at least €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
186 
 
 
 
 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the 
SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) 
of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the SF (CMP) Regulations) 
that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations) and 
"Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]4 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(the Notes) 
under the 
€50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme 
(the Programme) 
Series no.: [●] 
Tranche no.: [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Managers(s)] 
 
 
                                                     
3 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
4 
Legend to be included if the Notes are offered in Singapore.

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
187 
 
 
 
 
[The following language applies only with respect to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
and where a Non-exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms, together the Prospectus) 
has been prepared on the basis that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes 
in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a Member State) or in the United Kingdom 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i)  
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or  
(ii)  
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below, provided such 
person is an Authorised Offeror mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below and that such offer 
is made during the Offer Period in Paragraph 10 of Part B below.  
With respect to any subsequent resale or final placement of Notes as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, the Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus and accepts responsibility for the content of 
the Prospectus. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]  
[The following language applies only with respect to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
where offer other than a Non-exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms, together the Prospectus) 
has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (each, a Member State) or in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers 
of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes in that Member 
State or in the United Kingdom may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
188 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The following language applies only to English Law Registered Notes or French Law Dematerialised 
Notes which are specified in these Final Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes.] 
[The Notes described herein are designated as Permanently Restricted Notes. As a result, they may 
not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and will not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
By its purchase of a Note, each purchaser will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have 
agreed that it may not resell or otherwise transfer any Note held by it except outside the United States 
in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. Person.] 
[The following language applies to all Notes which are not Permanently Restricted Notes.] 
[The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers and sales of Notes, see section headed "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth under the heading [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” / “Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes”] in the base prospectus dated 10 December 2020 which 
received approval no.20-596 on 10 December 2020 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF)[, as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF 
on [●] [([together,] the Base Prospectus)][, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).]5 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]6 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]7 Copies of the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available 
for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any 
weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents. [So long as 
Notes are outstanding, those documents will also be available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com)]8. [In addition,9 the Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a prospectus with an earlier date which was not incorporated by reference in this 
prospectus.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth 
under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" / "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes"] of the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the Autorité 
des 
marchés 
financiers 
(the 
AMF) 
on 
[●] 
(the 
[2010/2011/2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/January 
2017/December 
                                                     
5 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
6 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
7 
Delete in the case of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
8 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or offered to the public within the EEA. 
9 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 198 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
189 
 
 
 
 
2017/2018/January 2020] Conditions)[, as supplemented by [the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 
which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 2013/the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 
which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF on 26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 
which 
received 
visa 
no.19-191 
from 
the 
AMF 
on 
10 
May 
2019]]. 
The 
[2010/2011/2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/ 
January 
2017/December 
2017/2018/January 2020] Conditions)[, as supplemented by [the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 
which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 2013/the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 
which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF on 26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 
which received visa no.19-191 from the AMF on 10 May 2019]], are incorporated by reference in the 
base prospectus dated 10 December 2020 which received approval no.20-596 on 10 December 2020 
from the AMF [, as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from 
the AMF on [●] [([together,] the Base Prospectus)][,which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).]10.  
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]11 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus 
(including 
the 
[2010/2011/2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/January 
2017/December 2017/2018/January 2020] Conditions[, as supplemented by [the 6th supplement dated 
31 July 2013 which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 2013/the 1st supplement dated 
26 March 2015 which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF on 26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement 
dated 19 May 2015 which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement 
dated 10 May 2019 which received visa no.19-191 from the AMF on 10 May 2019]], incorporated by 
reference therein) in order to obatin all the relevant information. Copies of the Base Prospectus and 
these Final Terms are available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during 
usual business hours on any weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
Paying Agents. So long as Notes are outstanding, those documents will also be available on the 
websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com). [In 
addition,12 the Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[NB: In the case of Notes which are not listed or publicly offered or which are not admitted to a clearing 
system in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State (as defined in the section "Taxation-France"), it 
will be necessary to (a) make additional modifications to the terms of these Final Terms and (b) consider 
including additional risk factors.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●]  
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[The Notes shall be assimilated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the (insert description of the 
Series) 
on 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
[interests 
in 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
                                                     
10 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
11 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
12 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 199 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
190 
 
 
 
 
Note/Definitive Bearer Notes], as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date]]] 
[If not applicable, delete this paragraph] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
[CNY Currency Event applicable as per 
Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions and 
the Relevant Currency is [●]] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●]  
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]  
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Tranche [plus an amount corresponding to 
the interest accrued at a rate of [●] per cent. of 
such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period 
from, and including, [insert date] to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●]  
[In respect of Dematerialised Notes or Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, there 
should be one denomination only] 
(ii) 
 [Calculation Amount:] 
[Only applicable to English Law Notes] 
[If there is only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. 
If 
there 
is 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: there must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations] 
6. 
(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
 
Commencement Date]: 
[●]] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date [if 
different from the Issue Date]: 
[●]] 
7. 
Maturity Date:13 
[Fixed Rate - specify date/Floating Rate - The 
Interest [Payment/Period] Date scheduled to fall 
on or nearest to [●]] [in the case of Subordinated 
Notes the proceeds of which constitute Tier 2 
Capital, the Maturity Date shall be at least five 
                                                     
13 
The Notes are issued with a specified Maturity Date and cannot be undated Notes.

--- Page 200 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
191 
 
 
 
 
years after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][Resettable] 
[[[●]/LIBOR/EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
SHIBOR/TONA/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/WIBO
R/PRIBOR/Yen MS/BBSW /HIBOR/SOR/CDOR 
/CD or other] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
when any fixed to floating rate, floating to fixed 
rate, fixed to fixed rate or floating to floating rate 
change occurs and/or refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Redemption at the Option of the Issuer]/[Make-
Whole Redemption Option (only for Senior 
Preferred 
Notes)]/[Residual 
Maturity 
Redemption Option (only for Senior Preferred 
Notes)]/[Clean-up Redemption Option (only for 
Senior Preferred Notes)]/[Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders (only for Senior 
Preferred Notes)] /Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status: 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Date of corporate authorisations 
 
for issue of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Article L. 
613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier / Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant 
to Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier / Subordinated Notes] 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
[In the case a Change of Interest Basis specified 
in item 10 above provides for a change from a

--- Page 201 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
192 
 
 
 
 
fixed rate to another fixed rate, duplicate all the 
information in sub-items (i) to (ix) below]  
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/on the Maturity Date/ 
other (specify)] in arrear] 
[Resettable Notes] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[●] in each year from and including [first Interest 
Payment Date] up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[specify other] [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified 
below]/[the Maturity Date] 
[NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[In respect of Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes: Not 
Applicable] 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes, insert 
one of the following business day convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]]  
(iv) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/Calculation Amount [until the first Reset Date 
[Resettable Notes only]]] 
[Unless previously redeemed, on each Interest 
Payment Date, [until the First Reset Date 
[Resettable Notes only]] the Issuer shall pay to the 
Noteholders, 
for 
each 
Note, 
an 
amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
[Rate of Interest x Specified Denomination [x Day 
Count Fraction]]] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination / Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
193 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Resettable Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if Applicable 
- 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
- 
First Margin 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
- 
Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
- 
First Reset Date 
[●] 
- 
[Second Reset Date 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
- 
Subsequent Reset Date(s) 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
-  [First Reset Rate  
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[U.S. Treasury Rate]/[●]] 
-  [Subsequent Reset Rate  
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[U.S. Treasury Rate]/[●]] 
- 
[Relevant Screen Page 
[●]] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Rate 
-    [Initial Mid-Swap Rate 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]] 
[●]%] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Rate term 
[●]] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Maturity 
[●]] 
- 
[Initial U.S. Treasury Rate 
[●]] 
(only applicable in the case of U.S. Treasury Rate) 
- 
Reset Determination Date 
[The day falling two (2) Business Days prior to the 
Reset Date on which such Reset Period 
commences/[●]]  
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
- 
Relevant Time 
[●] 
(ix) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●] in each year] 
[Insert regular Interest Payment Dates ignoring 
the Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon] 
[NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 203 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
194 
 
 
 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
[In the case a Change of Interest Basis specified 
in item 10 above provides for a change from a 
floating rate to another floating rate, duplicate all 
the information in sub-items (i) to (xii) below] 
(i) 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / 
Specified 
Period(s) 
(see 
Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) 
of 
the 
English Law Conditions and 
Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) 
of 
the 
French Law Conditions]: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention [specify any other option from the 
Conditions]] 
[Insert 
"(unadjusted)" 
if 
the 
application 
of 
the 
relevant 
business 
day 
convention is not intended to affect the Interest 
Amount: See Condition 4(b)(i) of the English Law 
Conditions and Condition 3(b)(i) of the French 
Law Conditions] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination/Screen Rate Determination] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[●] (insert name and address)] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify LIBOR, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, SHIBOR, TONA, NIBOR, STIBOR, 
CIBOR, WIBOR, PRIBOR, Yen MS, BBSW, 
HIBOR, SOR, CDOR, CD or other) 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]  
[Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling

--- Page 204 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
195 
 
 
 
 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR / 
[●] London Banking Day prior to the end of each 
Interest Period if SONIA / [1/[●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if SOFR / [●] TARGET 2 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date if €STR / [●] Tokyo Banking Day 
prior to the end of each Interest Period if TONA]  
- 
Specified Time: 
[●] [which will be 11.00 a.m. London time, in the 
case of LIBOR, SONIA, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR]  
[- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately] 
[In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph] 
 
[- Reference Banks: 
[As selected by the Fiscal Agent/Calculation 
Agent]/ [●] 
[In the case of SONIA/SOFR/€STR/TONA delete 
this paragraph]]  
[Manner in which the SOFR Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Lockout Compound / SOFR Lookback 
Compound]]  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lockout 
Compound)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.]  
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days/ [●] U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/ 
[●]TARGET 
2 
Business Days]/ [●] Tokyo Banking Days]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination:

--- Page 205 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
196 
 
 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (specify LIBOR, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, TONA or other) 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [●] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual  
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) /other] 
(xii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/The Rate Multiplier shall be 
[n/N]/[nb/Nb]/[other]] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
- 
Benchmark (for the purposes 
of Condition 4(b)(iii) of the English 
Law Conditions, and Condition 
3(b)(iii) of the French Law 
Conditions): 
[USD-LIBOR / GBP-LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
USD CMS / EUR CMS / other]  
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
- 
Lower Limit: 
[●] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph]

--- Page 206 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
197 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●]  
[Specify any other option from the Conditions]  
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Conditions 6(k) and 6(n) of the English Law 
Conditions and 5(j) and 5(m) of the French Law 
Conditions apply/ Specify any other option from 
the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ●] [in the case of Subordinated Notes the 
proceeds of which constitute Tier 2 Capital, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at least 
five years after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/Calculation Amount/Market Value/Specify any 
other option from the Conditions] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
- 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●]  
[If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent] 
17. 
Make-Whole Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes)

--- Page 207 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
198 
 
 
 
 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Notice period:14 
[●] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reference Screen Rate:  
[●] 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[(As per Conditions] / [ ●]/ specify method of 
selection]  
(iv) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
18. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Redemption 
Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
[Notice period:15 
[●]] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
19. 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
[(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[80 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
(ii) 
[Notice period:16 
[●]] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
                                                     
14 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
15 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
16 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 208 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
199 
 
 
 
 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
20. 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●]  
[NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[
●
] per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/[At 
par] 
/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount/Market Value/ 
As per [Condition 6(k) of the English Law 
Notes/Condition 5(j) of the French Law Notes/ 
Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
23. 
[Disapplication of MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes: 
Applicable] (If the disapplication of MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes is not contemplated, delete this 
paragraph) 
24. 
[MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes: 
Yes] (If the application of MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event in respect of Subordinated 
Notes is not contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
25. 
[Events of Default with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
Applicable] (If the application of Events of Default 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes is not 
contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
26. 
[Prior permission of the Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Not Applicable] (If “Prior permission of the 
Regulator 
and/or 
the 
Relevant 
Resolution

--- Page 209 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
200 
 
 
 
 
Authority with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
Authority” in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
only is contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[The following elections apply in respect of Bearer 
Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
[Bearer SIS Notes in the form of a Permanent 
Global SIS Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer SIS Note only upon a Bearer SIS Notes 
Exchange Event] 
[Uncertificated SIS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form issued, cleared 
and settled through SIX SIS Ltd] 
[Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Registered Notes:] 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream] [Non-
U.S. Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream/ 
a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream]  
[The following elections apply in respect of French 
Law Notes:] 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
[Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
can only be issued outside France]

--- Page 210 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
201 
 
 
 
 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes: [Bearer form (au porteur)] / 
[Registered form (au nominatif)]]  
[The following information is required in respect of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Insert 
name 
of 
Registration Agent]] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Materialised Notes: [Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[ ●] 
(the 
Exchange 
Date), 
subject 
to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]] 
(ii) 
[New Global Note:]17 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) for the 
purposes of Condition [5(h) of the 
English Law Conditions /4(e) of the 
French Law Conditions]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
14(iii) relates] 
29. 
[Payments on non-Payment Business 
Days (Condition [5(h) of the English 
Law Conditions /4(e) of the French 
Law Conditions]) 
(delete this paragraph in case of Floating Rate 
Notes) 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following]] 
30. 
Talons for further Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes:  
[Applicable (if appropriate)/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 
apply] 
32. 
Consolidation applicable: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 14/15 
apply] 
33. 
Clearing System Delivery Period 
(Condition 13 of the English Law 
Conditions (Notices)): 
[Four Day Delivery/Same Day Delivery] 
34. 
[Meeting and Voting Provisions 
Condition 12 of the French Law 
Conditions):] 
(delete this paragraph in case of English Law 
Notes) 
[[No Masse]/[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] 
shall apply] (Note that (i) Condition 12 (a) (No 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of Notes with 
a denomination of, or which can only be traded in 
amounts of, at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
and (ii) Condition 12 (c) (Contractual Masse) is 
only applicable in respect of any Tranche of Notes 
issued (a) outside France or (b) with a Specified 
                                                     
17 In respect of English Law Notes only.

--- Page 211 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
202 
 
 
 
 
Denomination of at least €100,000 or its 
equivalent) 
(If Condition 12 (b) (Full Masse) or (c) 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert below details 
of Representative and alternate Representative 
and remuneration, if any) 
(i) 
Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
of 
Representative: 
[ ●] (if applicable, specify the amount and 
payment date) 
35. 
Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Coupons] and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes [and the Coupons] will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, [English law / French law / [in the 
case of English Law Notes: English law, except 
for (i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) which shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, French law [and (ii) in the case of 
Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and 
transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which 
shall be governed by Swiss law and particularly 
the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognized for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange]]] 
36. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
the 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) of the French Law Notes:] 
[Applicable] 
(If 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) of the French Law 
Notes is contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue of the Notes [and] [public 
offer on a non-exempt basis in [France/Luxembourg/Switzerland] [and] [admission to trading 
on [Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
on SIX Swiss Exchange] by Société Générale pursuant to its €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium 
Term Note - Paris Registered Programme for which purpose they are hereby submitted].

--- Page 212 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
203 
 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms prepared 
in relation to Series [●], Tranche [●]. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms 
that to the best of its knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 213 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
204 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Not Applicable / Application has been made for 
the Notes to be listed on [Euronext Paris / the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/SIX 
Swiss Exchange / other (specify)] with effect from 
[●]] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable / Application [has been/is 
expected to be] made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris / the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ SIX 
Swiss Exchange / (other specify)] with effect from 
[●].] 
There can be no assurance that the listing and 
trading of the Notes will be approved with effect on 
[●] or at all. 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.]  
[If the Notes are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
(iii) 
Information required for Notes 
to be listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange: 
 
- 
Listing/Trading information: 
 
a) Trading Size and Ratio: 
[●] 
[The Notes can only be traded in the Specified 
Denomination and integral multiples of the 
Specified Denomination] [minimum and maximum 
trading size and the standard exercise ratio] 
b) First Trading Day: 
[ ●] (anticipated) [Insert date of provisional 
trading, not first listing date] 
c) Last Trading Day  
and Time: 
[●] 
d) Swiss ticker symbol: 
[●] 
- 
Additional information: 
 
a) Fees charged by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders post-
issuance: 
[Give details] [None]

--- Page 214 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
205 
 
 
 
 
b) Name and address of the 
representative 
for 
purposes of article 58a of 
the Listing Rules of SIX 
Swiss Exchange: 
[Société Générale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 
50, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland.] [Insert name and 
address of the relevant representatives if different 
from the foregoing] 
c) No 
material 
adverse 
change: 
[●] [Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus 
(as amended by supplements from time to time), 
there has been no material adverse change, nor 
any event involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the financial and trading 
position of the Issuer since the date of the Base 
Prospectus (as amended by supplements from 
time to time)]  
d) Swiss tax information: 
For Swiss tax information, see the section 
“Taxation”, paragraph “Switzerland” set out in the 
Base Prospectus. Noteholders are advised to 
consult with their professional tax advisors as to 
the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition or redemption of 
Notes.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated/The 
Notes to be issued have been rated/The Notes to 
be issued are expected to be rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings: 
[●]] 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd.: 
[●]] 
[Fitch Ratings: 
[●]] 
[Other]: 
[●]] 
 
[The Credit rating[s] referred to above [has]/[have] 
been issued by [●] [and [●]], [each of] which is 
established in the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom and [is]/[has applied to be] registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation) and, as of the 
date hereof, appear[s] on the list of credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider]

--- Page 215 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
206 
 
 
 
 
 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers [has been requested to provide/has provided] the 
[Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg/names of other competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
Save for any fees payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] / [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] 
/ 
[The 
Notes 
constitute  
[Green/Social/Sustainability] Positive Impact Notes 
and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will 
be applied to finance and/or refinance [describe 
specific 
Eligible 
Activities 
and 
Framework, 
including website link, second party  opinion and/or 
other relevant information where such information 
can be obtained] 
*(If reasons for offer are different from those stated 
in "Use of Proceeds" those reasons will need to be 
included here.) 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
 
[If the proceeds are intended for more than one 
purpose, those purposes should be disclosed in 
order of priority and broken into each intended use. 
If the proceeds will be insufficient to fund all 
disclosed purposes, state the amount and sources 
of other funding] 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
 
[●]  
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

--- Page 216 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
207 
 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [give details] 
[Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to tax free 
French 
government 
bonds 
(obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent 
duration.]18 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date and is not 
an indication of any future yield. 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/SHIBOR/TONA/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/WIBOR/PR
IBOR/Yen MS/BBSW/HIBOR/SOR/CDOR/CD/[●]] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters / Bloomberg / other]. 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the Benchmark Regulation) / [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]/ [Not Applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[Swiss 
security 
number 
(Valoren number):] 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking, SA or 
Euroclear France, SIX Swiss 
Exchange and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[●] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)/ other] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of]19 payment 
                                                     
18  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 offered to the public in France. 
19 If the Notes are denominated in Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery against payment” will apply. 
If the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery free of 
payment” will apply. Otherwise, determination to be made on a case by case basis.

--- Page 217 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
208 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vii) 
Name and address of Swiss 
Paying Agent20: 
[[Not Applicable] / [Société Générale, Paris, Zurich 
Branch, Talacker 50, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland]/[●]] 
[●] 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:] 21 
[[Yes] / [No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS,] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include the foregoing text if "yes" 
selected in which case the Bearer Notes must be 
issued in NGN form]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(a) Names [, addresses and 
underwriting 
commitments]
22  of 
the 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(b) [Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:  
Not Applicable/[●]]23 
(c) Stabilising 
Manager 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]
24  of the relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
                                                     
20 Required in case of SIS Notes or Notes listed on SIX. 
21 In respect of English Law Notes only. 
22  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
23  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
24  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 218 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
209 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[There is no commission and/or concession paid by 
the Issuer to the Dealer or the Managers]]25 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S compliance category 2] [TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. 
For the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 an investment, where, regardless of the legal 
form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.) 
(vii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/ give details] 
 
[If (a) the Notes qualify as financial instruments for 
which no per se exemption from the duty to prepare 
a key information document pursuant to article 58 
et seq. of the FinSA applies (cf. article 59 para. 1 of 
the FinSA) and (b) no key information document or 
any equivalent document under the FinSA will be 
prepared, the following language must be added] 
 
[The Notes must not be offered to clients in 
Switzerland which qualify as private clients 
within the meaning of article 4 of the FinSA and 
who have to be provided with a key information 
document pursuant to article 8 of the FinSA.] 
[Add the following language if the Notes are 
Permanently Restricted Notes]  
[The Notes may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person (as 
defined in Regulation S) and accordingly are 
being offered and sold outside the United 
                                                     
25  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 219 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
210 
 
 
 
 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in 
reliance on Regulation S.] 
10. 
[PUBLIC OFFERS ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [note: listing on SIX is 
deemed as public offer in Switzerland] 
Non-exempt Offer26: 
[Not Applicable]  
OR 
[The 
Notes 
may 
be 
offered 
by 
the 
[Managers/Dealer] 
and 
any 
other 
financial 
intermediary (each an Authorised Offeror) in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus (a Non-
exempt Offer) under the Prospectus Regulation in 
(specify the name of the relevant non-exempt offer 
jurisdictions) [, / and] during the Offer Period [. / and 
subject to the other conditions set out below].] 
[If “Non-exempt Offer” paragraph above is not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
Type of Consent: 
[Individual Consent / General Consent] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[(specify the name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the 
Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s)) / Any 
financial 
intermediary 
which 
satisfies 
the 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and in 
item "Other conditions to consent" below.] 
 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent, specify any additional conditions 
to or any condition replacing those set out in the 
Base Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set 
out in the Base Prospectus" / Where the Issuer 
has given an individual consent, specify any 
condition]] 
Offer Period: 
[●] to [●] 
[This period should be from the date of publication 
of the Final Terms in the relevant jurisdiction to a 
specified date (or a formulation such as "the Issue 
Date" or "the date which falls [●] Business Days 
thereafter").] 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered the Notes to the 
Dealer/Managers at the initial issue price of [●] 
less a total commission of [●]. 
                                                     
26  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 220 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
211 
 
 
 
 
[or where the price is not determined at the date of 
the Final Terms] 
The issue price of the Notes will be determined by 
the Issuer and the [Dealer/Managers] on or about [
●] in accordance with market conditions then 
prevailing, including [supply and demand for the 
Notes and other similar securities] [and] [the then 
current market price of [insert relevant benchmark 
security, if any].] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional [on their issue 
[only applicable to offers during the subscription 
period ]] [on any additional conditions set out in the 
standard terms of business of the Authorised 
Offerors, notified to investors by such relevant 
Authorised Offeror]]  
[Description of the application process: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:  
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date against 
payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys. Investors will be notified by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror of their allocations of Notes and 
the settlement arrangements in respect thereof.] 
[Manner and date in which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
N/A unless the issue is an "up to" issue when 
disclosure must be included] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors [in 
France and jurisdictions into which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported] to any person. In 
other EEA countries, offers will only be made by the 
Authorised Offerors pursuant to an exemption from 
the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation as 
implemented in such countries to publish a 
prospectus.]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
212 
 
 
 
 
[Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Process for notification – N/A unless full 
application process is being followed in relation to 
the issue.]] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or Dealer: 
[●]] 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer will 
take place: 
[●]]

--- Page 222 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
213 
 
 
 
 
[ANNEX – FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]27  
(Issue specific summary to be inserted) 
 
                                                     
27  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 223 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
214 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Société Générale will be used for the general financing 
purposes of the Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, such use will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
When it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net  proceeds of any particular 
issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or via loans), in part or in 
full, eligible activities (such activities the Eligible Activities), which serve to deliver a positive 
contribution to one or more of the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental 
and social), once any potential negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly identified, as 
defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time (the Framework), such use will be specified in the Final Terms of such Notes (the Positive 
Impact Notes). 
 
Positive Impact Notes can be either green (the Green Positive Impact Notes), social (the Social 
Positive Impact Notes) or sustainability (the Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) if an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied to finance or refinance Eligible Activities in the following 
green categories, social categories or in both categories (in case of Sustainability Positive Impact 
Notes) pursuant to the Framework: 
 
Green categories: 
- 
Renewable energy; 
- 
Green buildings; 
- 
Low carbon transport; 
- 
Water management and water treatment; 
- 
Pollution prevention and control; and 
- 
Circular economy. 
 
Social categories: 
- 
Employment generation and preservation through SME financing; 
- 
Socioeconomic advancement and empowerment; 
- 
Affordable housing; 
- 
Access to education and professional training; and 
- 
Access to healthcare. 
 
These different categories are defined in the Framework which also further describes (i) the above-
mentioned Eligible Activities by categories and (ii) the processes which will be applied by the Issuer 
for the Eligible Activity evaluation and selection, management of the net proceeds, reporting and use 
of external reviews, inter alia in accordance with: 
- 
the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
published by the International Capital Markets Association; and 
- 
the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the United Nations Environment 
Programme – Finance Initiative. 
 
The Issuer has made the Framework available on its website: 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3%A8 
res/sg_sustainable_and_positive_impact_bond_framework_june_2020.pdf). 
A link to such Framework shall also be included in the Final Terms.

--- Page 224 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
215 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer has appointed ISS ESG to conduct an external review of its Framework and issue a second 
party opinion (Second Party Opinion) on the Framework’s environmental and social credentials 
based among others on its alignment with the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the 
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative, the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond 
Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets 
Association. The Second Party Opinion is available under section “Sustainable and Positive Impact 
Bond” of the Issuer’s debt investors webpage: (https://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-
notreperformance/investisseurs/investisseurs-dette). 
The Issuer will publish an annually limited or reasonable assurance report provided by its external 
auditors or any other appointed independent third party until the maturity of the Positive Impact Notes, 
verifying: 
- 
the allocated and unallocated net proceeds; 
- 
the compliance of the Eligible Activities with the defined eligibility criteria of the relevant 
categories; and  
- 
the review of the positive impact reporting.

--- Page 225 ---
Description of Société Générale 
 
 
216 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
Please refer to the information on Société Générale in the documents incorporated herein by reference 
as set out in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section. 
 
Purpose of Société Générale (Article 3 of the by-laws) 
The purpose of Société Générale is, under the conditions determined by the laws and regulations 
applicable to credit institutions, to carry out with individuals and corporate entities, in France or abroad: 
 
all banking transactions; 
 
all transactions related to banking operations, including in particular investment services or 
allied services as listed by Articles L.321-1 and L.321-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier; 
 
all acquisitions of interests in other companies. 
Société Générale may also, on a regular basis, as defined in the conditions set by the French Financial 
and Banking Regulation Committee, engage in all transactions other than those mentioned above, 
including in particular insurance brokerage. 
Generally, Société Générale may carry out, on its own behalf, on behalf of a third-party or jointly, all 
financial, commercial, industrial, agricultural, security or property transactions, directly or indirectly 
related to the abovementioned activities or likely to facilitate the accomplishment of such activities. 
 
Registration 
Société Générale is registered in the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Paris under number 
RCS Paris 552 120 222. It was first registered by the decree of 4 May 1864. 
 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Société Générale is equal to 
EUR 1,066,714,367.50. 
 
Publications 
Notices to Noteholders are made in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Ratings 
At the date hereof, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings, A1 by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. and A by S&P Global Ratings.  
Each of these credit rating agencies is established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and, as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, appear on the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of 
ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies is published on the website of ESMA (http://www.esma.europa.eu/). 
 
Recent Issues  
 
Since 30 June 2020, Société Générale has, among others: 
- 
issued USD 500,000,000 Tier 2 notes on 8 July 2020 
- 
issued USD 1,500,000,000 Additional Tier 1 notes on 18 November 2020; and  
- 
issued EUR 1,000,000,000 Tier 2 notes on 24 November 2020. 
 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries issue medium to long-term debt, in France and abroad, on a continuous 
basis as part of their funding plan.

--- Page 226 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
217 
 
 
 
 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER 
Words and expressions defined in section headed "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
or, as the case may be, "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall have the same meanings 
in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the expression "Notes" shall include the English Law Notes 
and the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the Conditions applicable to such English Law 
Notes and French Law Notes.  
The French Banking System 
The French banking system consists primarily of privately-owned banks and financial institutions, as 
well as certain state-owned banks and financial institutions, all of which are subject to a common body 
of banking laws and regulations. 
All French credit institutions are required to belong to a professional organization or central body 
affiliated with the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association (Association française 
des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement), which represents the interests of 
credit institutions, payment institutions and investment firms, in particular in their dealings with public 
authorities, provides consultative advice, draws up business conduct guidelines, disseminates 
information and studies and recommends actions on questions relating to banking and financial services 
activities. Most French banks, including Société Générale, are members of the French Banking 
Federation (Fédération bancaire française) which is itself affiliated with the French Credit Institutions 
and Investment Firms Association. 
French Consultative and Supervisory Bodies 
 
The French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) sets forth the conditions under 
which credit institutions, including banks, may operate. The Code monétaire et financier vests related 
supervisory and regulatory powers in certain administrative authorities. 
The Financial Sector Consultative Committee (Comité consultatif du secteur financier) is made up of 
representatives of financial institutions (such as credit institutions, electronic money institutions, 
payment institutions, investment firms, insurance companies and insurance brokers) and client 
representatives. This committee is a consultative organization that studies the relations between 
financial institutions and their respective clientele and proposes appropriate measures in this area. 
The Consultative Committee on Financial Legislation and Regulations (Comité consultatif de la 
législation et de la réglementation financières) reviews, at the request of the Minister of the Economy, 
any draft bills or regulations, as well as any draft EU directives or regulations relating to the insurance, 
banking, payment and investment services industry other than those draft regulations relating to, or 
falling within the jurisdiction of, the AMF. 
The Banking and Financial Regulation Law (Loi n°2010-1249 de régulation bancaire et financière) of 
22 October 2010 created the Financial Regulation and Systemic Risk Council (Conseil de régulation 
financière et du risque systémique), composed of the Minister of the Economy and representatives from 
the Banque de France and of financial sector supervisors. This newly-created body is intended to 
improve risk prevention and better coordinate French regulatory action both at the European and global 
level. Following enactment of the banking law No. 2013-672 of 26 July 2013 on separation and 
regulation of banking activities (loi de séparation et de régulation des activités bancaires), this body was 
renamed the High Council for Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de stabilité financière) and designated 
as the authority in charge of macro-prudential supervision. 
Pursuant to European Union regulations establishing a single supervisory mechanism for the Eurozone 
and opt-in countries the European Central Bank (ECB) became the supervisory authority for large 
European credit institutions and banking groups, including Société Générale, on 4 November 2014. 
This supervision is expected to be carried out in France in close cooperation with the Prudential 
Supervision and Resolution Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution or the ACPR) (in 
particular with respect to reporting collection and on-site inspections). The ACPR has retained its 
competence for anti-money laundering and conduct of business rules (consumer protection).

--- Page 227 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
218 
 
 
 
 
The ECB is exclusively responsible for prudential supervision, which includes, inter alia, the power to: 
(a) authorize and withdraw authorization; (b) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other credit 
institutions; (c) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking 
rules; (d) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain credit institutions to protect 
financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law and (e) impose robust corporate governance 
practices and internal capital adequacy. The ACPR will, on the other hand, continue to be responsible 
for supervisory matters not conferred to the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, 
payment services and branches of third country banks. 
Subject to direct supervisory powers which may be attributed to the ECB on certain subject matters, the 
ACPR supervises financial institutions and insurance undertakings and is in charge of ensuring the 
protection of consumers and the stability of the financial system. The ACPR is chaired by the Governor 
of the Banque de France. Following enactment of the banking law No. 2013-672 of 26 July 2013, the 
ACP was also designated as the French resolution authority and became the ACPR. 
Subject to direct supervisory powers which may be attributed to the ECB on certain large credit 
institutions, as a licensing authority, the ACPR makes individual decisions, grants banking and 
investment firm licenses and grants specific exemptions as provided in applicable banking regulations. 
As a supervisory authority, it is in charge of supervising, in particular, credit institutions, financing 
companies, and investment firms (other than portfolio management companies which are supervised 
by the AMF). It monitors compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to such credit institutions, 
financing companies, and investment firms, and controls their financial standing. Banks are required to 
submit to the ACPR periodic (monthly, quarterly or semi-annually) accounting reports concerning the 
principal areas of their business. The ACPR may also request additional information it deems necessary 
and carry out on-site inspections. These reports and controls allow a close monitoring by the ACPR of 
the financial condition of each bank and also facilitate the calculation of the total deposits of all banks 
and their use. Where regulations have been violated, the ACPR may impose administrative sanctions, 
which may include warnings, financial sanctions and deregistration of a bank resulting in its winding-up. 
The ACPR has also the power to appoint a temporary administrator to temporarily manage a bank that 
it deems to be mismanaged. These decisions of the ACPR may be appealed to the French 
Administrative Supreme Court (Conseil d’Etat). Insolvency proceedings may be initiated against banks 
or other credit institutions, financing companies, or investment firms only after prior permission by the 
ACPR. 
Market Supervision 
 
The AMF regulates the French financial markets. It publishes regulations which set forth regulatory 
duties of financial markets operators, investment services providers (credit institutions authorized to 
provide investment services and investment firms) and issuers of financial instruments offered to the 
public in France. The AMF is also in charge of granting licenses to portfolio management companies 
and exercises disciplinary powers over them. It may impose sanctions against any person violating its 
regulations. Such sanctions may be appealed to the Paris Court of Appeal, except in the case of 
sanctions against financial markets professionals which may be appealed to the Conseil d’Etat. 
Banking Regulations 
 
The European transposition of the Basel III framework was adopted by European Council and 
Parliament and published in the Official Journal on 27 June 2013. The Capital Requirements Regulation 
(as defined in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the 
English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law 
Conditions) contains the detailed prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
while the Capital Requirements Directive Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and Variation, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) covers areas where EU provisions need to be transposed 
by Member States in a way suitable to their respective environments. The Capital Requirements 
Directive entered into force on 1 January 2014. After a transitional period with respect to capital buffers 
which occurred from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2018, all the provisions of Capital Requirements 
Directive have been applicable since 1 January 2019. The Capital Requirements Directive V (as defined 
in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law

--- Page 228 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
219 
 
 
 
 
Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) 
amending the Capital Requirements Directive as regards to exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures and the Capital Requirements Regulation II (as defined Condition 6 
(Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards to the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 
2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. Member States have 18 months after the entry into force 
of the Capital Requirements Directive V to implement it into their national law, and the Capital 
Requirements Regulation II will be applicable, subject to certain exceptions, two years after its entry 
into force. On 24 June 2020, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Regulation (EU) 
2020/873 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards certain adjustments in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Regulation (EU) 2020/873 entered into force and applied from 27 June 
2020. Specific amendments include inter alia: (i) changing the minimum amount of capital that banks 
(such as the Issuer) are required to hold for non-performing loans (NPLs) under the prudential backstop, 
(ii) postponing the introduction of the leverage ratio buffer requirement to January 2023 and introducing 
targeted changes to the calculation of the leverage ratio and (iii) bringing forward the introduction of 
some capital relief measures for banks under Capital Requirements Regulation II (including the 
preferential treatment of certain loans backed by pensions or salaries and of certain exposures to SMEs 
and infrastructure). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee published revised standards that finalize the Basel III 
post-crisis regulatory reforms. The reforms include the following elements: (a) a revised standardized 
approach for credit risk, which will improve the robustness and risk sensitivity of the existing approach, 
(b) revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, where the use of the most advanced 
internally modeled approaches for low-default portfolios will be limited, (c) revisions to the credit 
valuation adjustment (the CVA) framework, including the removal of the internally modeled approach 
and the introduction of a revised standardized approach, (d) a revised standardized approach for 
operational risk, which will replace the existing standardized approaches and the advanced 
measurement approaches, (e) revisions to the measurement of the leverage ratio and a leverage ratio 
buffer for G-SIBs, which will take the form of a Tier 1 Capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk-weighted 
capital buffer and (f) an aggregate output floor, which will ensure that banks’ risk-weighted assets 
(RWAs) generated by internal models are no lower than 72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III 
framework’s standardized approaches. The implementation of the amendments to the Basel III 
framework within the European Union may go beyond the Basel Committee standards and provide for 
European specificities. 
The revised standards were originally expected to take effect from 1 January 2022 and be phased in 
over five years. Following the outbreak of the COVID-19, the Basel Committee’s oversight body, the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision have announced that the implementation 
date of the Basel III standards has been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023 to increase operational 
capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from 
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global banking system and the accompanying transitional 
arrangements for the output floor has also been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. The date of 
entry into force of the full package will depend upon the European transposition. 
Resolution Framework in France and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
 
The Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (known as the BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. As a Directive, the BRRD is 
not directly applicable in France and had to be transposed into national legislation. The French 
ordonnance No. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 transposed the BRRD into French law and amended the 
French Code monétaire et financier for this purpose. The French ordonnance has been ratified by law 
No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) which also 
incorporates provisions which clarify the implementation of the BRRD. Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated

--- Page 229 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
220 
 
 
 
 
20 May 2019 (the BRRD II), which amends the BRRD as regards to the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, was published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. Member States have 18 
months after such entry into force to implement the BRRD II into their national law. 
The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide the authority designated by each EU Member State (the 
Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools and powers, including the ability to apply the Bail-in 
Power, as defined below, to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial 
stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 instruments) and bail-inable liabilities (including senior 
debt instruments) absorb losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with 
a set order of priority (referred to as the Bail-in Power). Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that the 
Resolution Authority may require the write-down of such capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities in 
full on a permanent basis or convert them in full into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments. The BRRD 
provides, inter alia, that the Resolution Authority shall exercise the write-down/conversion power in a 
way that results in (a) Common Equity Tier 1 instruments being written down first in proportion to the 
relevant losses, (b) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments (including additional tier 
1 instruments) being written down or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments and 
(c) thereafter, bail-inable liabilities (including senior debt instruments) being written down or converted 
in accordance with a set order of priority. Following such a conversion, the resulting Common Equity 
Tier 1 instruments may also be subject to the application of the Bail-in Power. 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, 
which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge 
institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect 
of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or 
the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The BRRD provides that, for 
a limited period of time, resolution authorities will have the power to suspend payment and delivery 
obligations pursuant to any contract to which an institution is a party in certain circumstances, including 
where the institution is failing or likely to fail. 
If the conditions for resolution are met by a particular credit institution, the Resolution Authority may 
apply resolution tools such as removing management and appointing an interim administrator, selling 
the business of the institution under resolution, setting up a bridge institution or an asset management 
vehicle and, critically, applying the Bail-in Power which consists of write-down or conversion powers 
with respect to capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and bail-inable liabilities 
(including senior debt instruments), according to their ranking set out in Article L. 613-55-5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of the application of the Bail-in 
Power, (a) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced, including to zero, (b) the Notes may 
be converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership, and (c) the terms may be varied 
(e.g., the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments 
may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial support should only be used as a last resort after having 
assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution measures, including the 
Bail-in Power. 
The conditions for resolution under Article L. 613-49 II of the French Code monétaire et financier are 
deemed to be met when: 
(a) 
the Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the institution is 
failing or likely to fail, which means situations where: 
(i) 
the institution infringes/will in the near future infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorization; and/or 
(ii) 
the institution is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as 
they fall due; and/or

--- Page 230 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
221 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when 
extraordinary public financial support is provided in the form defined in 
Article L. 613-48 III of the French Code monétaire et financier); and/or 
(iv) 
the assets of the institution are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities. 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure would 
prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution objectives and winding 
up of the institution under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent. 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a 
resolution measure, write-down or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt such as 
additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 instruments) into ordinary shares or other instruments of 
ownership when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless such write 
down or conversion power is exercised or when the institution requires extraordinary public financial 
support (except when extraordinary public financial support is provided in the form defined in 
Article L. 613-48 III, 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier). 
Before taking a resolution measure or exercising the power to write down or convert relevant capital 
instruments, the Resolution Authority shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the 
assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority. 
When taking a resolution measure, the Resolution Authority must consider the following objectives: 
(a) ensure the continuity of critical functions, (b) avoid a significant adverse effect on financial stability, 
(c) protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial support and (d) protect 
client funds and client assets, in particular covered depositors. The deposit guarantee and resolution 
fund (described above) may also intervene to assist in the resolution of failing institutions. 
It should be noted that the Resolution Authority’s resolution powers have been superseded by the Single 
Resolution Board (the SRB) since 1 January 2016, with respect to all aspects relating to the 
decision-making process and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue 
to carry out activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The 
SRB acts in close cooperation with the Resolution Authority. 
Recovery and Resolution Plans 
 
French credit institutions must draw up and maintain recovery plans (plans préventifs de rétablissement) 
that, for large credit institutions such as the Issuer, are reviewed by the ECB and which provide for 
measures to be taken by the institutions to restore their financial position following a significant 
deterioration of their financial situation. Such plans must be updated on a yearly basis (or immediately 
following a significant change in an institution’s organization, business or financial condition). The ECB 
must assess the recovery plan to determine whether it could in practice be effective, and, as necessary, 
can request changes in an institution’s organization. The Resolution Authority is in turn required to 
prepare resolution plans (plans préventifs de résolution) which provide for the resolution measures 
which the Resolution Authority may take, given its specific circumstances, when the institution meets 
the conditions for resolution. 
MREL and TLAC 
 
Since 1 January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, MREL 
pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The MREL requirements shall 
be expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution. The MREL aims at 
ensuring that credit institutions have sufficient loss absorption and recapitalization capacity to meet the 
resolution objectives, and avoiding institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the 
effectiveness of the Bail-in Power.

--- Page 231 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
222 
 
 
 
 
On 9 November 2015, the FSB published the final principles and the FSB TLAC Term Sheet regarding 
the TLAC of G-SIBs, such as the Issuer, in resolution. The FSB principles seek to ensure that G-SIBs 
will have sufficient loss absorbing capacity available in a resolution of such an entity, in order to minimize 
any impact on financial stability, ensure the continuity of critical functions and avoid exposing taxpayers 
to loss. On 6 July 2017, the FSB issued guiding principles on the internal TLAC of G-SIBs. The TLAC 
requirements are expected to be complied with since 1 January 2019 in accordance with the FSB 
principles. The TLAC requirements impose a level of “Minimum TLAC” that will be determined 
individually for each G-SIB, in an amount at least equal to (a) 16%, plus applicable buffers, of risk 
weighted assets through 1 January 2022 and 18%, plus applicable buffers, thereafter and (b) 6% of the 
Basel III leverage ratio denominator through 1 January 2022 and 6.75% thereafter (each of which could 
be extended by additional firm-specific requirements). However, according to the Capital Requirements 
Regulation II, European Union G-SIBs, such as the Issuer, have to comply with TLAC requirements, on 
top of the MREL requirements, as from the entry into force of such regulation in addition to capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is above its MREL 
and TLAC requirements. 
More broadly, the Capital Requirements Regulation II and the BRRD II, among other things, give effect 
to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and modify the requirements applicable to MREL. 
When the BRRD II will be implemented into national laws, European banks will have to comply with the 
reshaped MREL requirement, which will remain bank-specific but with a strong component in junior 
instruments. 
As part of these reforms, on 27 December 2017, the Directive 2017/2399 which amends the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy was released in the Official 
Journal of the EU. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
Law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 has modified the rules governing the order of creditors’ 
claims applicable to French credit institutions under a judicial liquidation proceeding (liquidation 
judiciaire) to allow French credit institutions to issue TLAC-eligible instruments ranking senior 
(chirographaires) 
to 
ordinary 
subordinated 
instruments. 
Pursuant 
to 
such 
modification, 
Article L.613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that debt securities issued by any 
French credit institution (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) with a minimum maturity of one year 
and whose terms and conditions provide that their ranking is as set forth in paragraph 4° of 
Article L.613-30-3 will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior non-preferred and therefore will rank junior in priority of payment to the senior 
preferred obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes). 
Steps Taken towards Achieving an EU Banking Union 
 
Banking union is expected to be achieved through new harmonized banking rules (the single rulebook) 
and a new institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution 
that are managed at the European level. Its two main pillars are the Single Supervision Mechanism (the 
SSM) and the Single Resolution Mechanism (the SRM). 
The SSM is expected to assist in making the banking sector more transparent, unified and safer. 
The SSM is provided for under Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and represents a significant change in 
the approach to bank supervision at a European and global level. In the coming years, the SSM is 
expected to work to establish a new supervisory culture importing best practices from the 19 supervisory 
authorities that are part of the SSM. Several steps have already been taken in this regard such as the 
publication by the EBA of the guide to banking supervision dated November 2014 and the creation of 
the SSM Framework Regulation. In addition, this new body represents an extra cost for the financial 
institutions that will fund it through payment of supervisory fees. The other main pillar of the EU banking 
union is the SRM, the main purpose of which is to ensure a prompt and coherent resolution of failing 
banks in Europe at minimum cost. Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of the European Union (the SRM Regulation), which was passed on 15 July 2014, and has 
been fully applicable since 1 January 2016, establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the

--- Page 232 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
223 
 
 
 
 
resolution (including the Bail-in Power) of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of the SRM Regulation and a Single Resolution Fund. Since 1 January 2016, the Single 
Resolution Fund is also in place, funded by contributions from European credit institutions in 
accordance with the methodology approved by the Council of the European Union. The SRM Regulation 
has been amended by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 dated May 20, 2019 (the SRM II)). SRM II amends 
the SRM as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; it was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on June 7, 2019, came 
into force on June 27, 2019 and will be applicable as from 18 months after such entry into force. 
In accordance with the provisions of the SRM Regulation, when applicable, the SRB, has replaced the 
national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD with respect to all aspects relating to the 
decision-making process and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue 
to carry out activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The 
provisions relating to the cooperation between the SRB and the national resolution authorities for the 
preparation of the banks’ resolution plans have applied since 1 January 2015 and the SRM Regulation 
has been fully operational since 1 January 2016. 
Regulatory Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic in France and at European level 
 
In response to the COVID-19 global pandemic, the French government has adopted specific emergency 
measures. A law adopted in France on 23 March 2020 and amended on 11 May 2020, established a 
health state of emergency (état d’urgence sanitaire), giving the French Government the power to adopt 
extraordinary measures by ordonnance and decree-law to mitigate the economic effects of the 
pandemic and the resulting disruption of businesses. Legislation and regulatory action adopted in 
France in response to the COVID-19 crisis includes, among other things, a €300 billion program of State 
guarantees for loans to French businesses and the suspension of certain taxes and social charges, as 
well as partial subsidies for businesses that pay employees who are unable to work on a full-time basis. 
A law adopted in France on 14 November 2020 organizing the exit from the state of health emergency, 
has set up a transitional period until 1st April 2021 which authorizes the government to take exceptional 
measures to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
At the European level, institutions have communicated on several measures to manage the impact of 
COVID-19 on the EU banking sector. The ECB announced a number of measures to ensure that its 
directly supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic become apparent; such as, the introduction of (i) additional longer-
term refinancing operations and the adoption of more favorable terms to existing longer term refinancing 
operations, and (ii) additional €120 billion of net asset purchases to be distributed until the end of 2020. 
The ECB also decided to launch, by two decisions dated 24 March 2020 and 4 June 2020 respectively, 
a new €1,350 billion pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) of public and private sector 
securities to counter the serious effects of the COVID-19 outbreak and the escalating spread of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The PEPP includes all asset categories eligible under the pre-existing asset 
purchase program and expands the categories of eligible assets. The PEPP will last until the ECB’s 
governing council determines the COVID-19 crisis is over, and in any case will not end before the end 
of June 2021.  
In its statement on 12 March 2020, the EBA announced that it would postpone EU-wide stress tests to 
2021 in order to allow banks to prioritize operational continuity, including support for their customers. 
The EBA recommended that competent national authorities plan supervisory activities in a pragmatic 
and flexible way and where possible, postpone deadlines for required supervisory reporting without 
affecting the reporting of crucial information needed to monitor closely bank’s financial and prudential 
situation. On 30 July 2020, the EBA announced (i) that the 2021 EU-wide stress test will be carried out 
at the highest level of consolidation on a sample of 51 banks, of which 39 from the euro area (including 
the Issuer), and (ii) that it has also agreed on the preliminary timeline for the potential future changes 
to the EU-wide stress test framework. A final decision on potential changes to the framework is expected 
to be taken in Q2-Q3 2021, while the implementation of any potential change will be possible for the 
2023 EU-wide stress test. On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision announced temporary 
capital and operational relief (in particular banks can fully use capital and liquidity buffers, including 
Pillar 2 guidance, and benefit from relief in the composition of capital for Pillar 2 requirements). Given 
that these and other European and national response measures continue to evolve in response to the

--- Page 233 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
224 
 
 
 
 
global spread of COVID-19, this section is presented as of the date of this Base Prospectus and the 
situation may change, possibly significantly, at any time.

--- Page 234 ---
Taxation 
 
225 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
THE FOLLOWING SECTION PROVIDES AN OVERVIEW LIMITED TO INFORMATION ON TAXES 
ON THE INCOME FROM THE NOTES WITHHELD AT SOURCE IN RESPECT OF FRANCE, WHICH 
IS AT THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS (I) THE COUNTRY OF THE REGISTERED OFFICE 
OF THE ISSUER (WITH RESPECT OF FRANCE) AND (II) THE COUNTRY WHERE OFFERS OF 
NOTES MAY BE MADE OR ADMISSION TO TRADING MAY BE SOUGHT (IN RESPECT OF 
SWITZERLAND). THIS OVERVIEW IS BASED ON THE LAWS IN FORCE IN FRANCE AND IN 
SWITZERLAND AS OF THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND AS CURRENTLY APPLIED 
BY THE RELEVANT TAX AUTHORITIES AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGES IN LAW OR 
DIFFERENT INTERPRETATION. SUCH INFORMATION IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE AN 
EXHAUSTIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE POTENTIAL TAX ISSUES ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES. 
ACCORDINGLY, ANY INVESTOR CONSIDERING AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES SHOULD 
OBTAIN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVICE ON THE TAXATION IMPLICATIONS FOR IT, IN EACH 
RELEVANT JURISDICTION, OF PURCHASING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF ANY NOTE. 
FRANCE 
French withholding tax 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to 
Noteholders who do not hold their Notes in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base 
in France and who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. Noteholders who hold their Notes in 
connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France and/or concurrently hold shares 
of the Issuer may be impacted by other rules not described in the present section. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer with respect to Notes 
will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des 
impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou 
territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts 
(a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts. The list of Non-Cooperative States may be amended at any time and is 
published by a ministerial executive order, which is updated, in principle, on a yearly basis. 
If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 
2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will 
be applicable (subject, where relevant, to certain exceptions and notably the Exception referred below 
and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III 
of the French Code général des impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
assimilated revenues under the Notes will not be deductible from the taxable income of the Issuer (in 
circumstances where it would otherwise be deductible), if they are paid or have accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid into a bank account opened in a financial 
institution located in a Non-Cooperative State (the Non-Deductibility). Under certain conditions, any 
such non-deductible interest or other assimilated revenues may be recharacterized as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case it may 
be subject to the withholding tax provided under Article 119 bis, 2 of the French Code général des 
impôts, at a rate of (i) 28 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2020 (to be reduced and 
aligned on the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in Article 219-I of the French Tax Code for 
fiscal years opened on or after 1 January 2021) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not 
French tax residents; (ii) 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax 
residents or (iii) 75 per cent., subject, if, and irrespective of the holder’s residence for tax purposes or 
registered headquarters, payments are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned 
in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, where relevant, to certain 
exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty.

--- Page 235 ---
Taxation 
 
226 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax nor the Non-Deductibility nor, , 
to the extent the relevant interest and other assimilated revenues relate to genuine transactions and 
are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Non-Deductibility and therefore the withholding tax 
set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts that may be levied at the result 
of the Non-Deductibility will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main 
purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest or other 
assimilated revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception).  
Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques – Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20140211, n° 990, 
an issue of Notes will be deemed to have a qualifying purpose and effect, and accordingly will be able 
to benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect 
of such issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or 
submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, 
or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a 
securities delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Consequently, payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer under the Notes 
are not subject to the withholding taxes set out under Article 125 A III or Article 119 bis 2 of the French 
Code général des impôts and the Deductibility Exclusion does not apply to such payments. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other 
assimilated revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in 
France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is an advance payment made in respect 
of their personal income tax in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social 
contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding tax at 
a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other assimilated revenues received by individuals who 
are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France subject to certain exceptions. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following is a summary only of the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice in 
Switzerland relating to certain Swiss tax aspects of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Because this summary does not address all tax considerations under Swiss law and as the 
specific tax situation of an investor cannot be considered in this context, investors are 
recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, sale or redemption of and the income derived from the Notes issued under 
the Programme including, in particular, the effect of tax laws of any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 236 ---
Taxation 
 
227 
 
 
 
 
Income Tax 
Notes are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by investors resident in Switzerland  
Pursuant to the principles of Swiss income taxation, capital gains are in principle Swiss personal income 
tax exempt for (i) federal direct tax purposes if realised upon a disposal or exchange of movable and 
immovable private assets and for (ii) cantonal/municipal direct tax purposes if realised upon a disposal 
or exchange of movable private assets whereas investment income (such as, but not limited to, interest, 
dividends, including deemed or calculatory income, etc.) deriving from private assets is subject to Swiss 
personal income tax. However, any capital losses sustained in relation to private assets are not tax 
deductible. Hence, (i) capital gains realised upon a sale or redemption of the Notes or (ii) income derived 
from the Notes stemming from capital gains are in principle Swiss personal income tax exempt for an 
investor resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as private assets whereas investment income 
deriving from the Notes is in principle subject to Swiss personal income tax.  
Notes are held as business assets (Geschäftsvermögen) by investors resident in Switzerland 
Pursuant to the principles of Swiss income taxation, capital gains realised upon disposal, exchange or 
re-evaluation of business assets are in general subject to (i) either Swiss personal income tax with 
respect to individuals or (ii) to Swiss corporate income tax with respect to corporations in the same 
manner as any other commercial or investment income. However, as capital gains in relation to 
business assets are in principle fully taxable, it follows that capital loss in relation to business assets is 
tax deductible. Hence, (i) capital gains realised upon a sale, exchange, redemption or re-evaluation of 
the Notes or (ii) income derived from the Notes, irrespective of whether such income stems from 
investment income or capital gains, are in principle subject to either Swiss personal income tax with 
respect to an individual investor resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as business assets or subject 
to Swiss corporate income tax with respect to a corporate investor resident in Switzerland. This taxation 
treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
"professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments 
in securities. 
Withholding Tax 
The Swiss federal withholding tax is in principle levied on income (such as, but not limited to, interest, 
pensions, profit distributions, including deemed or calculatory income, etc.) from, amongst others, 
bonds and other similar negotiable debt instruments issued by a Swiss tax resident or deemed Swiss 
tax resident (Inländer), distributions from Swiss tax resident corporations or deemed Swiss tax resident 
corporations, interest on deposits with Swiss banks as well as distributions of or in connection with 
Swiss tax resident collective investment schemes or deemed Swiss tax resident collective investment 
schemes. For Swiss federal withholding tax purposes, an individual or corporation qualifies as such 
Swiss tax resident (Inländer) being subject to withholding taxation if it (i) is resident in Switzerland, (ii) 
has its permanent abode in Switzerland, (iii) is a company incorporated under Swiss law having its 
statutory seat in Switzerland, (iv) is a company incorporated under foreign law but with a registered 
office in Switzerland, or (v) is a company incorporated under foreign law but is managed and conducts 
business activities in Switzerland. Hence, as long as the Notes are not issued by an issuer qualifying 
as a Swiss tax resident for the purposes of the Swiss withholding tax, income derived from the Notes is 
in principle not subject to Swiss withholding tax. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published a consultation draft on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system applicable to interest. If enacted in its current form, this consultation draft would, 
among other things and subject to certain exceptions, replace the current debtor-based regime 
applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under this 
paying agent-based regime, subject to certain exceptions, (i) all interest payments made by paying 
agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland would be subject to Swiss withholding tax, 
including any such interest payments made on bonds issued by issuers outside Switzerland, and (ii) 
interest payments to all other persons, including to investors resident outside Switzerland, would be 
exempt from Swiss withholding tax.

--- Page 237 ---
Taxation 
 
228 
 
 
 
 
Securities Transfer Tax 
Swiss securities transfer tax is levied on the transfer of ownership against consideration of certain 
taxable securities (including, but not limited to, bonds) if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Federal Stamp Tax Act) is involved as a party or an intermediary in the transaction and no 
exemption applies. Hence, secondary market transactions in the Notes are subject to Swiss securities 
transfer tax, calculated on the purchase price or sales proceed, if the Notes are qualified as taxable 
securities, provided that a Swiss securities dealer is involved as a party or an intermediary in the 
transaction and no exemption applies.  
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the AEOI) in tax matters, which applies to all 28 EU member states and 
some other jurisdictions. In addition, Switzerland has signed the multilateral competent authority 
agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information (the MCAA), and based on the 
MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries. Based on such agreements and 
the implementing laws of Switzerland, depending on the date of effectiveness of the applicable 
agreement, Switzerland began in 2017, or will begin at a later date, to collect data in respect of financial 
assets including Shares held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits 
with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state 
or in a treaty state, and began in 2018, or will at a later date begin, as the case may be, to 
exchange it with the authorities in the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, Switzerland has signed 
and will sign further AEOI agreements with further countries. An up-to-date list of the AEOI 
agreements to which Switzerland is a party can be found on the website of the State Secretariat 
for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account 
holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not 
be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the 
scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the convention signed on 2 October 1996 between 
the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the avoidance of double taxation with 
respect to taxes on income (the Treaty). On 20 September 2019, Switzerland and the United States 
ratified the 2009 protocol (the Protocol) amending the Treaty. Upon the subsequent exchange of the 
ratification instruments, the amended Treaty entered into force. The Protocol introduced a mechanism 
for the exchange of information upon request in tax matters between Switzerland and the United States, 
which mechanism is in line with international standards and allows the United States to make group 
requests under FATCA concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-"foreign 
financial institutions" for periods from 30 June 2014. Furthermore, on 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal 
Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the United States regarding a change from the current 
direct notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal 
Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. It is not yet known 
when negotiations will continue or when any new regime would come into force.

--- Page 238 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
229 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Under an amended and restated English law programme agreement and a French law programme 
agreement (together, the Programme Agreements, which expression includes the same as it may be 
modified and/or supplemented and/or amended from time to time), the Dealers have agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes above. In the Programme Agreements, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. In addition, the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (as 
applicable) as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Any such modification will be set out (if applicable) in 
the subscription agreement in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Jurisdictions outside the EEA 
Switzerland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, 
regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the 
marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes, or the distribution of any marketing or offering 
material in respect of the Notes, in or from Switzerland and (ii) if applicable, the requirements in respect 
of the distribution of CHF SIS Notes set out in Condition 1 of the English Law Conditions.  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes to be issued under the Programme must not be 
offered to clients in Switzerland which qualify as private clients within the meaning of article 4 of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) and who have to be provided with a key information 
document pursuant to article 8 of the FinSA. 
If pursuant to section “Public Offers on a non-exempt basis – Switzerland” in Part B of the Final Terms 
a public offering in Switzerland is “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in Switzerland, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in Switzerland: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA (a Non-exempt Offer), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by a 
competent review body under the FinSA or, where appropriate, approved by a recognized 
foreign authority and filed with a competent review body under the FinSA for automatic 
acceptance in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that (i) the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any investor which is a professional client as defined in the FinSA;

--- Page 239 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
230 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(d) 
where the Notes being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency); or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of 
the FinSA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
article 56 of the FinSA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means any promotion and invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to acquire 
Notes that contains sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the financial instrument itself. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer and each distributor of an issue will represent and agree that neither it nor any of its 
affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not 
being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Hong Kong 
This Prospectus has not been approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures Commission 
of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(b)  
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional

--- Page 240 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
231 
 
 
 
 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance. 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been, and shall not be offered, sold 
or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than “professional institutional investors” as defined 
under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act of the ROC (Professional 
Institutional Investors). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the 
Notes except by transfer to Professional Institutional Investors. 
Singapore  
Neither this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms nor any other marketing materials relating to the Notes 
have been or will be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
this document and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered 
or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act, (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
then the securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever 
described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that 
trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:   
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is, or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37(A) of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 
309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the SF (CMP) Regulations) that 
the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations) and

--- Page 241 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
232 
 
 
 
 
"Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or 
sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. Person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (other than 
Permanently Restricted Notes) (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the day 
immediately following 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined and certified by the Fiscal Agent to such Dealer 
or Dealer (as the case may be) or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons and that it 
will not at any time offer, sell or deliver Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, within the 
United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, U. S. Persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
or Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or any other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until the day immediately following 40 calendar days after the commencement of the 
offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer or Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
French law Dematerialised Notes which are, in each case, designated in the Final Terms as 
Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, 
traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, 
transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. French Law Notes may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 242 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
233 
 
 
 
 
French law Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and 
French law Materialised Notes, or, in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) in 
relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes 
for issue or sale in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in 
Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, unless  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 
(or its equivalent in an alternative currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a ‘‘retail client’’ within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) 
in so far as it is applicable, the transfer complies with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 
dated 21 March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority as 
if it applied to the Issuer mutatis mutandis (and which requires all offers of any parcels 
of Notes to be for an aggregate principal amount of at least A$500,000); 
(iv) 
such action complies with all applicable laws and regulations or directives in Australia; 
and  
(v) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC.  
Jurisdictions within the EEA  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and

--- Page 243 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
234 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA and the UK (each a 
Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt 
Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided 
that (i) the Issuer has given its written consent and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has severally 
but not jointly represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
severally but not jointly be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic in Italy (Italy) and that copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes have not and will not be distributed in Italy by 
it, except (i) to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation, pursuant 
to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented by Article 35, 
paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB Regulations No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (the Intermediaries 
Regulation); or (ii) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public in Italy” means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide purchase or subscribe the Notes, including 
the placement through authorised intermediaries.

--- Page 244 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
235 
 
 
 
 
Each Dealer has severally but not jointly represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will severally but not jointly be required to represent and agree that any such 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, or any other 
document relating to the Notes, by it in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be effected in accordance with 
all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, 
must be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Intermediaries Regulation, 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 and Legislative Decree No. of 1 September 1993 (the Banking Act) (in each case, as 
amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws or regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the issue or the offer of securities in; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authorities. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or 
resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA)) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Please refer to the selling restrictions under the heading "Public Offer Selling Restriction under the 
Prospectus Regulation". 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus or any offering material, and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription 
agreement (if applicable) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 245 ---
Approval from the French Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
236 
 
 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained and incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts in any material respect and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
duly represented by: 
Mrs. Agathe ZINZINDOHOUE 
Directeur de la Trésorerie du groupe 
 
 
10 December 2020 
 
APPROVAL FROM THE AUTORITE DES MARCHES FINANCIERS 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 10 December 2020 under the approval number n°20-596 
by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes.  
It is valid until 10 December 2021 and shall be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in 
the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 246 ---
General Information 
 
237 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
All necessary authorisations, consents or approvals in France for the update of the Programme have 
been obtained by the Issuer. Any issue of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate to any person the power to decide the issue 
of such Notes within a one-year period.  
For this purpose the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer has delegated on 
5 February 2020 to its Chief Executive Officer (Directeur général) and, with the approval of the latter, to 
its Deputy Chief Executive Officers (Directeurs généraux délégués), Deputy General Manager Head of 
Finance (Directeur Général adjoint en charge des finances), Group Deputy Chief Financial Officers 
(Directeurs financiers délégués du groupe) and Group’s Head of Treasury (Directeur de la Trésorerie 
du groupe), acting jointly or separately, the power to issue obligations, up to a maximum aggregate 
amount of €40,000,000,000 for one year, which authority has taken effect on 6 February 2020 and a 
copy of the resolution of the meeting of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer 
dated 23 September 2020 amending the authorisation dated 5 February 2020, to take in account the 
nomination on 4 August 2020 of William Kadouch-Chassaing (formely Directeur financier du Groupe) 
as Directeur général adjoint, chargé des finances. 
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, will fall within the general 
powers of the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Admission to Trading on Euronext Paris 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. In compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, application may also be made at the Issuer’s request for the notification of certificate of 
approval to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg and to any other 
competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom in order for the 
Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and on any other stock exchange in a Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom, 
as the case may be. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Availability of Documents 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will, when published, 
be available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business

--- Page 247 ---
General Information 
 
238 
 
 
 
 
hours on any weekday from the head office of Société Générale and from the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents: 
(a) 
copies of the by-laws (statuts) of Société Générale (with English translations thereof); 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant, the English Law Agency Agreement (which includes, inter alia, the forms 
of the global Notes (including Registered Global Notes), the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, 
Coupons and Talons and Notes in definitive form) and the French Law Agency Agreement (which 
notably includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global Certificates, the 
Definitive Materialised Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
further base prospectus and supplements with respect thereto, as the case may be;  
(d) 
any documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or in any further base 
prospectus, as the case may be; 
(e) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the 
public in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland; and 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the relevant Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Programme, the documents referred to in (d) above 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/)). The last version of the 
document referred to in (a) is contained in the 2020 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer. 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be available, on the websites 
of 
the 
Autorité 
des 
marchés 
financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com): 
(g) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(h) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in 
France and/or in Luxembourg; and 
(i) 
only on the above captured website of the Issuer, a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are 
listed and admitted to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public in Switzerland. 
No Material Adverse Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), including the future economic impacts 
linked to the current situation with Covid-19, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2019. 
No significant change in financial position or financial performance 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), including the future economic impacts 
linked to the current situation with Covid-19, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2020. 
Description of any recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), including the future economic impacts 
linked to the current situation with Covid-19, there have been no recent events which the Issuer 
considers material to the investors since the publication of the Fourth Amendment to the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document.

--- Page 248 ---
General Information 
 
239 
 
 
 
 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, on page 40, for a period covering the last twelve months, 
there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts which 
are material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes thereunder to which Société Générale 
is a party nor, to the best of the knowledge and belief of Société Générale, are there any pending or 
threatened governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to such claims or amounts which are 
material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes thereunder which would in either case 
jeopardise the Issuer's ability to discharge its obligations in respect of the Programme or of Notes issued 
thereunder. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream will be set out in the Final Terms. Notes may be held through 
additional or alternative clearing systems (including, without limitation, SIX SIS Ltd), in which case the 
appropriate information will be contained in the Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the Registration Agent. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg; and the address of Euroclear France is 
66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the Final Terms will specify the yield. The yield will be calculated at the 
time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(i) 
“€”, “Euro”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999; 
(ii) 
“£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
“$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
(iv) 
“¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan; 
(v) 
“CHF” or “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation; 
(vi) 
“Yuan”, “CNY”, “CNH” or “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China 
(the PRC), which for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, excludes Taiwan and the Special 
Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong Kong and Macau; and 
(vii) 
any three letter alphabetic currency codes shall designate the currency, and shall have the 
meaning given to them, pursuant to ISO 4217 (the international standard currency code 
established by the International Organisation for Standardisation). 
Statutory auditors 
The statutory auditors of Société Générale are Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the French 
Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes) represented by Mr. Micha Missakian, Tour First, 
TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France and Deloitte & Associés (formerly named Deloitte

--- Page 249 ---
General Information 
 
240 
 
 
 
 
Touche Tohmatsu) (member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes) 
represented by Mr. Jean-Marc Mickeler, 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, 
France, who have audited Société Générale's financial statements, without qualification, in accordance 
with generally accepted auditing standards in France, for each of the two years ended on 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. The statutory auditors of Société Générale have no material interest in 
Société Générale. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes which pay a floating rate of interest may be calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR, LIBOR, €STR or other reference rates as indicated in the Final Terms. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR - European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) – and 
the administrator of LIBOR - the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (ICE) - have been authorized 
as regulated benchmark administrators pursuant to Article 34 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmark Regulation) and appear on the public register of administrators established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
€STR does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 thereof, such 
that the administrator of €STR is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration. The Final 
Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, the relevant 
administrator and whether such benchmark administrator appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks referred to above. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus 
or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is “www.societegenerale.fr”. The information on such website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, expect where that information has been incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.  
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41.

--- Page 250 ---
241 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17, cours Valmy 
92987 Paris, la Défense Cedex 
France 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17, cours Valmy 
92987 Paris, la Défense Cedex 
France 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT, REDENOMINATION 
AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale  
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers as to 
French and English law 
White & Case LLP 
19, Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
To the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers as to  
Swiss law 
Baker McKenzie Zurich 
Holbeinstrasse 30 
8008 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France