--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus – 9 July 2021  
A44781181 
SOCIÉTÉ DU GRAND PARIS
Euro 30,000,000,000
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Société du Grand 
Paris (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the 
"Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of, and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which 
is material to any investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, 
of the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued under the Programme and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier, and received the AMF approval no. 21-312 on 9 July 2021. The AMF has 
only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a "Series"). Each Series of Notes may be issued in one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") on different 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to the interest commencement dates and matters related thereto). 
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris S.A. ("Euronext Paris") for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of one (1) year from the 
date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to any other Regulated Market (as 
defined below) situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such Regulated Market. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets Authority (a "Regulated Market"). However, 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be unlisted. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which are contained herein) in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in 
the EEA. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 12 months after its approval by the AMF, until 9 July 2022, 
provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date and in respect of the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market, the 
Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as 
defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they 
will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global

--- Page 2 ---
A44781181 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global 
Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary 
Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than 
or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the Issuer issued or endorsed by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody's") is Aa2 (stable outlook) and by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") is AA (negative outlook). The rating of the Programme issued or endorsed by Moody's is Aa2 and by Fitch is AA. Whether 
or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (a) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (b) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). As of the date of the Base Prospectus, Moody's 
and Fitch are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The 
rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (a) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (b) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be published on 
the websites of (a) the Issuer (https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and (b), provided they constitute documents on which the 
AMF has granted a filing or approval number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and copies of such documents may be obtained free of charge during usual 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. The Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on such Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the Issuer 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org).
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan  
NatWest Markets  
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
Natixis 
Nomura  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
A44781181 
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with 
any other documents incorporated by reference therein, each of which shall be incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in section headed "Subscription 
and Sale"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes include Materialised Notes in bearer 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Materialised Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or 
for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes when such statement is made in reliance 
upon the Base Prospectus and other information provided and/or made available by the Issuer. Each of the 
Arranger and the Dealers accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which it 
might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements or information supplied in connection with the Programme (including 
any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The contents of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms are 
not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should determine for itself 
and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the 
Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11)

--- Page 4 ---
A44781181 
2 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution (as amended, the 
"IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative 5 materials") and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a UK MIFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
A44781181 
3 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential purchaser in any Notes must determine the suitability of that purchase in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential purchaser should: 
a.
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of purchasing the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement; 
b.
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact of the purchase of the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
c.
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for the principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential purchaser's currency; 
d.
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
e.
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, 
as the Issuer is currently wholly-owned and controlled by the French State, a rating downgrade of the 
Republic of France may lead to a rating downgrade of the Issuer, the Programme or the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
All or some of the Dealers or their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer. They 
have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may 
include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions or (ii) act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically,

--- Page 6 ---
A44781181 
4 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives.

--- Page 7 ---
A44781181 
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ......................................................................................................................................... 1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 6
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 11
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 24
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS................................................................................................. 26
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 27
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................................. 39
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 40
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ................ 78
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 80
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 81
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 96
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 99
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................... 103

--- Page 8 ---
A44781181 
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, 
and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this summary. 
Issuer: 
Société du Grand Paris (the "Issuer") 
Description: 
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance investments, as described in 
the applicable Final Terms, in one or more of the Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") and further 
described in the Green Bond Framework entitled "Cadre du 
Programme EMTN Green de la Société du Grand Paris" and available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
du 
Grand 
Paris 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870), as 
more fully described in the section "Use of Proceeds".  
Size: 
Up to Euro 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The amount of the Programme may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe 
GmbH and Société Générale. 
Fiscal Agent:  
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
Method of Issue: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Listing and Trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be 
listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer, and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to each Series. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether 
or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed 
and admitted to trading. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different 
issue dates (each an "Issue Date"). The Notes of each Series will all

--- Page 9 ---
A44781181 
7 
be subject to identical terms, except that the principal amount thereof, 
the issue price, the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur)
or administered registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme shall constitute unsecured 
(subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are 
from time to time mandatory under French law) equally with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity over one (1) year from the date of original 
issue as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraphs "Call Option", "Squeeze Out 
Option", "Make-Whole Redemption" and “Residual Maturity Call 
Option” of the Terms and Conditions, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for tax reasons.  
Make-Whole Redemption: 
If "Make-Whole Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date or prior to the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount.

--- Page 10 ---
A44781181 
8 
Squeeze Out Option: 
If 80 per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of any Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem, 
at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes of that 
Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, provided that if the 
Issuer has exercised the Make-whole Redemption, the Squeeze Out 
Option shall not apply for a period of 12 months as from the Make-
whole Redemption Date.
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option: 
If “Residual Maturity Call Option” is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued, at any time as from the Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date. 
Put Option: 
If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Notes, 
redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
Purchase and Cancellation: 
The Issuer may also purchase Notes. Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the Issuer's option, be held and resold or cancelled. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. In no event shall the 
Minimum Rate of Interest be less than zero. 
Interest Periods: 
Interest periods, and the determination by linear interpolation as the 
case may be, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate of interest determined 
for each Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or the FBF Definitions (as published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française), each as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(ii) by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA, EUR CMS, TEC 10 
(or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any successor rate or any 
alternative rate), in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin; or
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date set 
out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate.

--- Page 11 ---
A44781181 
9 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs, the terms of the Notes provide a methodology to 
determine the successor rate or alternative rate, as further described in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7).  
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by an 
inflation index ratio. If the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Denominations: 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only.
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
Further issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the 
Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical 
in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the first payment 
of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such 
assimilation. 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the 
Issuer assigned by Moody's is Aa2 (stable outlook) and, the long-term 
rating of the Issuer assigned by Fitch is AA (negative outlook). The 
Programme has been rated Aa2 by Moody's and AA by Fitch. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
Governing Law: 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law.

--- Page 12 ---
A44781181 
10 
Method of Publication: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
(a) 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and 
(b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted 
a filing or approval number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
copies of such documents may be obtained free of charge during usual 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. The Final Terms 
relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on such Regulated Market, on the 
websites 
of 
(a) 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and 
(b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
Selling Restrictions: 
Representation of 
Noteholders: 
Restrictions may apply to the offer, sale or delivery of Notes and on 
the distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. See 
section "Subscription and Sale" below.  
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders.

--- Page 13 ---
A44781181 
11 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme but the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and/or are material for an informed 
investment with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each sub-
category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact, after also taking into account any mitigation measure resulting from such 
internal risk management process, and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this 
section.
1.
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The Issuer faces market risks, operational risks and risks in connection with its status. The classification 
of these risks is the result of the implementation of a mapping process as part of the Issuer’s internal risk 
management process which is more fully described above in the introduction to the risk factors section. 
1.1
Market risks related to the Issuer  
(a)
Interest rate risk: The Issuer is exposed to interest rate risk, given the substantial amount of net 
debt that it has to finance through the financial markets, up to the current maximum amount of 
this Programme, i.e. 30 billion euros. Some of the indebtedness of the Issuer bears interest at 
variable rates, generally linked to market benchmarks such as EURIBOR.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term indebtedness of the Issuer exposed to 
variable rates may not exceed 30% of its total long-term indebtedness, as provided in the Issuer's 
internal financial policy. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the outstanding amount of issued 
debt is entirely composed of fixed rate indebtedness. The Issuer uses derivatives to actively 
manage the interest rate risk and minimise its impact and it monitors fluctuations of interest 
rates.  
However, if the Issuer is not able to successfully minimise the impact of these fluctuations, such 
fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Issuer. Any increase in interest rates would increase the cost of refinancing 
existing indebtedness or obtaining new financing. 
(b)
Liquidity risk: Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer might not have access to sufficient funds 
in order to finance its expenditure.  
Liquidity risk is addressed by maintaining a sufficient degree of diversification of funding 
sources. The Issuer diversifies its funding sources by accessing various debt markets. Liquidity 
risk is constantly hedged through the proactive management of liquidity requirements, and 
access to diversified sources of funding both long-term (€30 billion EMTN programme) and 
short-term (€3 billion NEU CP programme). 
Despite this diversification and hedging, if such measures were to prove insufficient, the 
liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's activities and financial
condition.

--- Page 14 ---
A44781181 
12 
(c)
Counterparty risk: The Issuer may be exposed to a counterparty risk mainly in connection with 
the subscription of derivatives from financial institutions for interest rate risks and exchange 
risks hedging purposes, if such institutions refuse to honour all or part of their commitments or 
do not have the financial resources to meet their obligations hereunder.  
The Issuer manages such counterparty risk by ensuring that the financial institutions with which 
it enters into transactions are located in OECD countries and have the credit rating set internally. 
In addition, financial institutions participating in the Issuer's NeuCP and EMTN programmes 
must be licensed in France. 
Notwithstanding these measures to manage such risk, a failure by one or more counterparties to 
meet its obligations towards the Issser could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial 
condition. 
(d)
Currency risk: The Issuer may enter into financings denominated in currencies other than the 
euro. 
The currency risk resulting from such financings would systematically be hedged in order to 
convert these resources into euro. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not raised 
any financing in a foreign currency but the Issuer may raise financing in a foreign currency in 
the future.  
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have an impact on its financial condition and 
results of the Issuer. 
1.2
Operational risks 
The Issuer has been specifically created to be in charge of an infrastructure project (the "Project") whose 
main purpose is to create a public transport network for the Grand Paris area, entitled the Grand Paris 
Express, as more fully described in the section "Information on the Issuer". The Issuer faces operational 
risks in implementing the Project, in particular the following: 
(a)
Managing costs: There is a risk relating to cost overruns in the Project, especially in the event 
of deficiencies in analysing and managing costs during the different stages of the Project, in 
particular the costs of the construction programme, the costs of real estate acquisitions, 
structural costs and costs relating to project management and there is a risk that such risks may 
be insufficiently provisioned or forecast. In addition to the need for an efficient management 
framework and having the necessary financial monitoring tools, there are risks relating to the 
suitability of the methodology used to evaluate, audit and optimize costs at all levels of the 
Project. There are also risks that may stem from the way in which those involved in the Project, 
internally and externally, are held accountable and incentivised in managing costs, including 
from the very outset when negotiating public procurement contracts. Insufficient monitoring of 
costs this risk may increase the likelihood that such risks may materialise. The limited 
timeframes for the Project, its complexity and its scale increase the exposure to such important 
risk. 
(b)
Technical management of delays: This risk relates to the robustness of processes that ensure 
that projects are completed on time: process efficiency, availability of planning tools, rigorous 
identification and systematic anticipation of key project milestones, in particular interfaces, trial 
periods and phases of technical management implementation. The lack of prioritisation of 
activities or optimisation of planning, lack of agility of the decision-making chain in the 
programming of alternative scenarios, or in the implementation of optimisations, insufficient 
communication to the parties involved of the relevant timing objectives, and a possible 
programmatic instability, could accentuate the critical nature of the risk. Insufficient monitoring 
of delays management risks may also increase the likelihood that such risks may materialise. 
As specified in the risk relating to managing costs, the limited timeframes for the Project, its 
complexity and its scale increase the exposure to such risk.  
(c)
Technical construction difficulties: The Issuer may face technical, geotechnical and industrial 
risks which are common in construction projects, and more particularly underground

--- Page 15 ---
A44781181 
13 
construction projects which require detailed knowledge of the soil and subsoil (encountering a 
hard surface, unexpected water infiltration, etc.). The diversity of the subsoils of the Région Ile-
de-France which require, due to their specificities, specific constructive methods, represents an 
additional risk factor. Such difficulties could lead to significant delays and additional costs for 
the Project, as mentioned above. 
(d)
Risk in connection with contractors: The Issuer may be exposed to various risks in connection 
with contractors such as the management of contractors, litigation risk, contractual performance, 
fraud, and occurrence of exceptional and unpredictable event. In that respect, the Issuer relies 
on certain contractors and subcontractors for the Project’s implementation. There is a risk that 
the Issuer may not be able to coordinate, monitor and control the activities of such third parties. 
It may also be difficult for the Issuer to ensure adequate quality of control of such contractors 
or subcontractors and to anticipate technical and financial issues encountered by companies in 
the execution of their contract. Indeed, five hundred eighteen contracts are currently in progress 
within several fields such as civil engineering works, construction works, systems engineering. 
This contracts include more than one thousand suppliers. In addition, three hundred eighteen 
contracts are planned to be notified in the coming period of time. Furthermore, claims and legal 
proceedings may arise with the contractors appointed by the Issuer, which can lead to additional 
costs and delays for the Project. Financial provisions were planned in order to take this litigation 
risk as set out on page 33 of the 2020 Annual Report into consideration. These provisions are 
set by the contract and are also analysed according to several criteria particularly the competitive 
market situation or the technical implementation. Such contracts are often complex and difficult 
to negotiate, and can lead to difficulties of interpretation or implementation. In addition, the 
Issuer is also subject to risks which may result from conflicts of interests with contractors, 
corruption, fraud, alteration of competition conditions, legality of work, compliance with public 
procurement rules and criminal practices. Any or all of these risks in connection with contractors 
may lead to additional costs for the Issuer. Finally, exceptional and unpredictable events may 
occur, like a health crisis and may lead to claims from the contractors wich may generate 
increased costs and delays for the Project. 
(e)
Information systems: Inadequate information systems may have an adverse impact on document 
management, monitoring processes, data protection and equal treatment of candidates in public 
procurement processes. In its capacity as Issuer, these risks may have an impact on the 
management of the indebtedness of the Issuer, in the event of lengthy unavailability of 
transverse IT systems (e.g. network, messaging, telephony and data storage) or of applications 
dedicated to the management of indebtedness (e.g. Bloomberg, Reuters and desktop tools). In 
its capacity of project manager (maîtrise d'ouvrage) of the Project, these risks may have an 
impact of additional delays to the Project, in the event of the lengthy unavailability of transverse 
IT systems (e.g. network, messaging, telephony and data storage) or of applications supporting 
the management of the works and of excavated material. In addition, a breach into the virtual 
rooms including the documents relating to such public procurement processes may result in 
additional delays and the payment of indemnities. These risks are particularly significant given 
the growth of the Issuer and its relatively recent creation. 
(f)
Continuity of activity: The Issuer may face meteorological, accident on site or nearby, terrorist 
attacks and insurances risks, as well as the outbreak of the coronavirus, which may affect the 
continuity of its activity. These risks are unlikely to occur, but if they occur, they may have an 
important impact on the capacity for the Issuer to deliver the Project, as more detailed below. 
The situation of the coronavirus (Covid-19) epidemic is being monitored closely by the Issuer. 
Its evolution, duration and potential impact remain uncertain at this stage, but the Issuer 
considers that it could have an adverse effect on several aspects of the Issuer's activities. As 
public health and safety measures have been adopted by France, among other European 
countries, the progress of the Project has been slowed, because of restrictions on the circulation 
of people, the prohibition of large gatherings of people and problems with supplies of materials 
and equipment, among others, which have caused work stoppages and productivity losses, in 
particular due to the desynchronization of the worksites. The scale and duration of the 
disruptions to progress of the Project are not precisely known and will depend on the health 
situation in France. As of today, such delay due to coronavirus disease can be estimated between

--- Page 16 ---
A44781181 
14 
3 to 8 months and may result in additional costs, thus increasing the financial liabilities for the 
Issuer.  
Extreme weather conditions may have an impact on construction sites and may negatively 
impact progress on those sites. Accidental or intentional event on construction sites or nearby, 
resulting in an impact on constructions, physical or material damage, site stoppage or significant  
delays in the progress of projects may occur. This accident on construction sites or nearby risk 
is heightened by the number of construction sites belonging to the Issuer, the high level of 
activity of various kinds on these sites as well as the underground nature of part of the 
construction work and the high skill requirements of the personnel. In addition, terrorist attacks  
and similar events may target assets owned by the Issuer or where the Issuer operates. The 
probability of the occurrence of a terrorist attacks remains low. 
The Issuer has identified and put in place internal procedures to manage risks applicable to it  
and to the Project. Insurance policies have been put in place in accordance with the strategy 
which aims to mutualise risks between all participants in the Project. 
However, certain risks may not benefit from insurance policies, which if they were to occur 
would not be indemnified and therefore would increase the liabilities of the Issuer and have a 
negative impact on the Issuer's financial situation. 
1.3
Risks in connection with the status of the Issuer 
(a)
General political risk: As described in section "Information on the Issuer", the Issuer is not 
independent from the French government, as it is placed under the joint authority of the minister 
in charge of the development of the capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the 
minister of transport and of the minister for urban development. As a result, the French 
government may influence decisions that are important for the activities and organisation of the 
Issuer. Change in legislation, government regulation or policy may have a material impact on 
the Issuer's specific legal status. 
(b)
Risk in connection with enforcement procedures: As further described in section "Information 
on the Issuer", the Issuer, as a French public entity of an industrial and commercial character 
(établissement public industriel et commercial), is not subject to private law enforcement 
procedures (voies d'exécution de droit privé) in accordance with the general principle that assets 
of public entities cannot be seized under French law. This may have an impact on any potential 
recourse of the Noteholders against the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer has been established for 
the sole purpose of creating the Grand Paris Express with the mission, in particular, of owning 
the network. The existence and operations of the Issuer will depend on the decisions of the 
French government over the Project. If the Issuer is dissolved, this would constitute an Event of 
Default under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, subject to the terms of Condition 10(d).
(c)
Litigation risk: The Société du Grand Paris is, and may be, the subject of litigation proceedings, 
relating to the declarations of public interest (déclarations d'utilité publique) permitting 
expropriations for the construction of the Grand Paris Express and to the public procurement 
contracts (marchés publics), or relating to modifications of perimeters or ways of carrying out 
the project. The various administrative authorisations necessary for the construction of the 
network or for the daily operation of the sites and the building permits can be challenged before 
an administrative judge. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a litigation concerns the order 
approving the environnemental works of Line 17 (Saint-Denis Pleyel – Le Mesnil - Amelot) 
and two stations (Triangle de Gonesse and Pont de Sèvres). The works related to the Grand 
Paris Express can lead to claims for compensatory damages and the Issuer is also exposed to 
litigation risks regarding his construction contracts. With respect to compensatory damages, 
several bodies claims have been filed, for an amount to be specified, mainly due to expertise. 
With respect to construction contracts, disputes may be initiated by candidates who are ousted 
during the contract bidding phase. Any such litigation proceedings may result in the 
construction works for parts of the Grand Paris Express network to be suspended, thus impacting 
the timetable of opening of the lines of the Grand Paris Express. Any significant delays in the 
construction works and the lines of the Grand Paris Express becoming operational may have an 
adverse impact on the revenues and financial condition of the Issuer. In addition, litigation

--- Page 17 ---
A44781181 
15 
proceedings may arise during the performance phase of the contracts. Such litigation 
proceedings could result in the suspension of construction works on certain parts of the Grand 
Paris Express network, thereby impacting the timetable for opening the lines of the Grand Paris 
Express. Any significant delay in the construction works and the opening of the Grand Paris 
Express lines could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's revenues and financial situation. 
(d)
Risk relating to the Issuer's sources of funding: The Issuer currently receives its funding 
principally from four tax revenues. Revenues are allocated to the Issuer by the French 
Parliament, and the amount allocated is determined each year by a finance law. The French 
Parliament is informed of the evolution of the Issuer's spending and resources each year due to 
the obligation for the French Government to provide an annual reporting to the French 
Parliament. The Issuer is subject to a principle of financial balance in relation to any additional 
contribution of the Issuer to the creation, extension, improvement and modernisation of existing 
transport networks having a connection with the Grand Paris Express. The sources of funding 
of the Issuer are more fully described in the paragraph 3 "Funding and Expenditure" of the 
section "Information on the Issuer". In addition to this source of funding and as described in the 
liquidity risk, the Issuer has also access to various debt capital markets instruments in order to 
finance its expenditure. The funds raised on the debt capital markets are complementary to funds 
allocated by the French State. Nevertheless, if the size of future allocations were reduced, any 
such reduction could have an adverse impact on the revenues and financial condition of the 
Issuer and therefore to the progress of the Project. 
2.
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.1
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
(a)
Credit risk
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. The Notes that may be 
issued are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, as described in Condition 3. 
Thus, Noteholders can rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted 
by the risks related to the Issuer). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of 
the Issuer is rated Aa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's and AA (negative outlook) by Fitch. If the 
financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and as result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, the value of the Notes may decrease and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
(b)
Change of law
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, as described in Condition 15. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any possible judicial decision or change in French law or the official application or 
interpretation of French law after the date of this Base Prospectus. Any such decision or change 
could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in 
law were unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the 
market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and could have potentially 
serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk of changes 
in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
(c)
Modification 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse and a General Meeting of Noteholders can be held or a Written Resolution 
(each as defined in Condition 11) can be taken (together, the "Collective Decisions"). This 
Condition contains provisions for calling meetings or decisions of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally including without limitation the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (subject to the limitations provided by French law). These

--- Page 18 ---
A44781181 
16 
provisions permit, in certain cases, defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General 
Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority, and Noteholders who 
did not respond to or rejected the relevant Written Resolution (each as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). It is possible that a 
majority of Noteholders could adopt measures through a General Meeting or by way of a 
Written Resolution that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders and that may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting a decision that would 
have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be overplayed. Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments) also provides that in case of a Benchmark Event, 
the Independent Adviser may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
without the consent of the Noteholders in order to set the applicable rate of interest. Even if this 
decision would be taken by the Independent Advisor with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, such 
amendments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
2.2
Risks related to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. 
Such structures and features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most 
material risks associated with such structures and features is set out below: 
(a)
Interest Rate Risks  
(i)
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(a) (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate 
Notes") to Noteholders. Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that 
changes in interest rates or in the rate of inflation may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. Generally, prices of fixed interest rate bonds tend to fall when market interest 
rates rise. Therefore, Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market 
interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market and 
could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes 
during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial 
investment.  
(ii)
Floating Rate Notes  
Pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes), the Notes issued under the Programme can bear interest at a floating 
rate. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, EONIA, EUR CMS or TEC 10, and (ii) a margin to 
be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant 
margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every 
three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if 
changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the 
relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at 
any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result 
in the actual floating rate, consisting of the reference rate and the relevant margin, 
being lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest 
amount be less than zero.

--- Page 19 ---
A44781181 
17 
These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference 
rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower 
interest under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. 
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the 
amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date. If the Final Terms of 
the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market rates of interest decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower rates of interest then prevailing. 
This may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result 
in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
(b)
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"  
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating 
Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to 
the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", such “benchmarks” 
are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
In particular, on 5 March 2021, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) 
announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark 
settings published by ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”). In particular it announced that 
(i) the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease 
immediately after 31 December 2021, (ii) the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. 
dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023, (iii) immediately after 31 
December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-
month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure and 
representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on requiring the IBA to 
continue to publish the three remaining sterling LIBOR settings for a further period after end-
2021 on a synthetic basis and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings 
after end-2021 on a synthetic basis for one additional year) and (iv) immediately after 30 June 
2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are intended to measure 
and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consider the case for using its 
proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a synthetic basis, for a 
further period after end June 2023 taking into account views and evidence from the US 
authorities and other stakeholders). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has been in force since 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark in the EU, and, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non-EU based, to be 
subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
"benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmarks 
Regulation which forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides similar provisions. 
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical 
benchmark" indices, applies to many interest rate and foreign exchange rate indices, equity

--- Page 20 ---
A44781181 
18 
indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) where used to determine 
the amount payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded 
on a trading venue or via a systematic internaliser, financial contracts and investment funds. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a "benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i)
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain 
ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
(ii)
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing or, increasing the rate or level or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed 
early or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms 
of the Notes or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the 
transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until 
the end of 2021 and the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 
2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks by conferring the power to the European Commission or to the competent 
national authority, to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, such 
replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. For instance, if pursuant to a 
fallback provision included in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7) (Benchmark discontinuation), a 
benchmark is replaced by another benchmark wich no longer reflects or which significantly 
diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is 
intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. Any such 
replacement could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of and return 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third country benchmarks are extended until 
the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until 
the end of 2025, if necessary.  
Furthermore, such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
"benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and LIBOR): (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
(c)
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7) (Benchmark discontinuation)

--- Page 21 ---
A44781181 
19 
provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including 
if an inter-bank offered rate (such as LIBOR, subject as described in the risk factor 2.2(b) 
entitled “Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"” above, or EURIBOR) or 
other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, 
becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such 
benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without 
the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive, negative or equal 
to zero, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser appointed 
as more fully described in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(i) (Independent Adviser) and without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of 
interest for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date.  
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed rate on Notes linked to 
or referencing a "benchmark"and, as a result, Noteholders will not benefit from an increase (if 
any) in market interest rates which may have occurred since the preceding Interest Period. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or 
elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may 
perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. This could significantly affect the 
performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected performance of the 
relevant benchmark. There can be no assurance that any adjustment factor applied to any Series 
of Notes will adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of 
interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that 
enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and there can be no assurance that, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to 
each Noteholder and the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion 
of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
A44781181 
20 
(d)
Inflation Linked Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes), 
the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes with interest determined by reference to the rate of 
inflation in France or in the European Monetary Union. Inflation Linked Notes are debt 
securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which 
the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the 
performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") or (ii) the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") or the relevant successor index (each an "Index" or 
"Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant index 
calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at 
the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount 
of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. 
However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes 
will be redeemed at par. Potential investors in Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that they 
may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest. 
Due to varying interest income under Inflation Linked Notes, investors in Inflation Linked 
Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may adversely 
affect the value of such Notes and, as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
(e)
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions allows the Issuer to 
issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and 
vice versa. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert, or may automatically change at the date set out in the relevant Final Terms, from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. If the Issuer has the ability to 
convert the interest rate, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts, or if an automatic change occurs, from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, or if an automatic change occurs, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
(f)
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Condition 5(c) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions allows the Issuer to issue zero 
coupon Notes. Changes in market rates of interest have a substantially stronger impact on the 
prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue 
prices are substantially below par. If market rates of interest increase, Zero Coupon Notes can 
suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to 
their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly 
high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could 
be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
A44781181 
21 
(g)
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It 
is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
2.3
Risks relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
(a)
An early redemption could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less 
than expected  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a number of early redemptions at the option 
of the Issuer. In particular, for taxation reasons, as described in Condition 6(d), the Issuer may, 
and in some circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes at par in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms may specify 
that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, in whole or in part, in certain other 
circumstances (Conditions 6(e)(i) (Call Option), 6(e)(ii) (Make-whole Redemption)). The Issuer 
may, in certain conditions, also redeem all of the outstanding Notes if 80 per cent. or more of 
the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series have been redeemed or 
repurchased as described in Condition 6(e)(iv) (Squeeze Out Option) or at any time as from the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date as described in Condition 6(e)(v) (Residual Maturity Call Option). In all of the 
above cases, if the market rates of interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will 
exercise its right of termination increases. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. In 
addition, with respect to the Squeeze Out Option, there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform 
investors if and when, for any Series of Notes, the percentage of 80 per cent. of Notes redeemed 
or repurchased, has been reached or is about to be reached. 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, 
so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption 
may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
(b)
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or a redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e)(ii) and the Call Option 
of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e)(i) are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of 
such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the 
same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised.  
As described in Condition 6(e)(iii), if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial 
redemption shall be effected either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of 
such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised 
Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be 
redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R. 213-16 of the French Code monétaire et

--- Page 24 ---
A44781181 
22 
financier and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption 
of the Notes at the option of the Issuer is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the 
extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders 
seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the 
relevant Final Terms may specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Noteholder’s option, in 
whole or in part, as described in Condition 6(f). This Put Option may have similar consequences 
for the Noteholders seeking to dispose of the Notes of the same Series who have not exercised 
such an option. 
2.4
The Notes will be issued with a specific use of proceeds  
This Base Prospectus provides, and the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes will 
provide, that the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
finance and/or refinance expenses, as described in the relevant Final Terms, in one or more Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") as set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework available on the Issuer’s website (Cadre du Programme EMTN Green de la Société du Grand 
Paris) available on the website of Société du Grand Paris (in French https://media-
mediatheque.societedugrandparis.fr/pm_1_140_140542-5t29d9s82q.pdf or in English https://media-
mediatheque.societedugrandparis.fr/pm_1_140_140543-mio7ddcicn.pdf).
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to 
be defined as “green”. The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing 
the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the 
purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. Further 
development of the EU Taxonomy will take place via the new Platform on Sustainable Finance, which 
assists the European Commission in developing its sustainable finance policies. On 12 June 2020, the 
European Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of an EU Green Bond Standard.  
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Eligible Green Projects may not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. In addition, the results, the schedule or outcome 
(whether or not related to environmental, social, sustainability, or other objectives) of the Eligible Green 
Projects, as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, may not be satisfied.  
Any event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including 
any Eligible Green Projects, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes. Any such 
event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and investors could 
lose part of their investment. 
2.5
Risks related to the market 
(a)
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in France, there can be 
no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop, or, if one does develop, 
that it will be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not 
maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be significantly and 
adversely affected.

--- Page 25 ---
A44781181 
23 
In addition, the Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in Condition 6(g) (Purchases), 
and the Issuer may issue further notes, as described in Condition 13 (Further Issues). Such 
transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes. In addition, certain the Notes issued under the Programme, being Green 
Notes are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a 
more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable 
Noteholders to realise their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(b)
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many 
events 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including the value of the reference assets or an index, including, 
but not limited to, the volatility of the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on the 
securities taken up in the index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the 
maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the Issuer is rated 
Aa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's and AA (negative outlook) by Fitch. However, if the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
In addition, the market for debt securities issued by issuers is influenced by economic and 
market conditions and, to varying degrees, rates of interest, currency exchange rates and 
inflation rates in other European and other industrialised countries. As the Issuer is a French 
entity, events in France, Europe or elsewhere may cause market volatility or such volatility may 
adversely affect the price of Notes. 
(c)
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If such risk were to 
materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally 
in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be very 
negatively impacted as they may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal.

--- Page 26 ---
A44781181 
24 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections identified in the cross-reference 
tables below of the documents mentioned below. Such sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a)
the French language annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
together with the related French language audit report (the "2019 Annual Report") (available by clicking 
on the following hyperlink: click here),  
(b)
the French language annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
together with the related French language audit report (the "2020 Annual Report") (available by clicking 
on the following hyperlink: click here), 
(c)
the base prospectus dated 19 July 2018 which received visa no. 18-321 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the "2018 Conditions")) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here),  
(d)
the base prospectus dated 11 July 2019 which received visa no. 19-340 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the "2019 Conditions")) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here), and 
(e)
the base prospectus dated 10 July 2020 which received visa no. 20-342 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the "2020 Conditions", together with the 2018 Conditions and the 2019 
Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions")) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here), 
save that any statement contained in such documents which are incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).  
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 2018 
Conditions, the 2019 Conditions or the 2020 Conditions.  
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available free of charge on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870).  
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus (unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority. 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference is considered as additional information, is not required by the schedules of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the 
“Commission Delegated Regulation”), and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2020 Conditions  
Pages 33 to 69 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 27 to 59 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
2018 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 58 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in accordance with the 
following cross reference table (in which the numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation) is available as follows:

--- Page 27 ---
A44781181 
25 
Commission Delegated Regulation  
Annex 7 in respect of the Issuer 
11. 
Financial 
information 
concerning the issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position and 
profits and losses 
2019 Annual Report 
2020 Annual Report 
Balance sheet 
11-12 
12-13 
Income statement 
13-14 
14 
Accounting policies 
17-19 
17-19 
Explanatory notes 
15-43 
20-43 
Auditors' report relating to the 
above 
1-8 
2-9 
Qualifications, 
modifications 
of 
opinion, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter in the audit reports 
3 
Not applicable

--- Page 28 ---
A44781181 
26 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a 
Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a restated Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
A44781181 
27 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER  
The Société du Grand Paris is a French public entity specifically created to be in charge of a recently commenced 
infrastructure project whose main purpose is to create a public transport network for the Grand Paris area, entitled 
the Grand Paris Express, as more fully described below.  
1.
History and legal status of the Issuer 
The Société du Grand Paris (the "Issuer") is a French public entity of an industrial and commercial nature 
(établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial) (an "EPIC"). 
It was established by Article 7 of the Law n°2010-597 of 3 June 2010 relating to the Grand Paris, as amended (the 
"Grand Paris Law") and pursuant to Article 34 of the Decree n°2010-756 of 7 July 2010, as amended relating to 
the Société du Grand Paris (the "Decree") on 21 July 2010, date of the first meeting of its supervisory board 
(Conseil de surveillance). The Grand Paris Law provides that the Société du Grand Paris will be dissolved once 
it has exhausted the powers conferred to it by the Grand Paris Law. The same law grants the Société du Grand 
Paris the ownership of the lines, the structures and facilities, as well as of the stations and interconnections. As a 
result, the duration of the Société du Grand Paris is aligned with the life of the network. 
The Issuer is registered with the Commercial and Companies Registry of Bobigny under number 525 046 017. Its 
registered office is located at 2, Mail de la Petite Espagne, Immeuble Le Moods, 93200 Saint-Denis, France, and 
its telephone number is +33(0)1 82 46 20 00. 
The Société du Grand Paris is placed under the joint authority of the minister in charge of the development of the 
capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the minister of transport and of the minister for urban 
development.  
Titles I to IV of the Decree set out the governance rules applicable to the Société du Grand Paris, and certain 
provisions of French corporate law relating to the corporate governance of sociétés anonymes with a management 
board (Directoire) and a supervisory board (Conseil de surveillance) are rendered applicable to Société du Grand 
Paris by Article 8(VI) of the Grand Paris Law, completed by Article 2 of the Decree, as detailed in paragraph 5 
(Governance) below.  
Pursuant to Article 12 of the Grand Paris Law, property of all kind, movable or immovable, acquired or built by 
third parties on behalf of the Société du Grand Paris with a view to the creation of the Grand Paris public transport 
network are to be transferred in full ownership to the Issuer.  
The Société du Grand Paris is also subject to specific rules applicable to EPICs, which are legal entities governed 
by public law. In particular, EPICs' assets may not be seized (as the Cour de cassation clearly stated it in a decision 
dated 21 December 1987). As a result, the Issuer is not subject to ordinary enforcement procedures. It is subject 
to Law n°80-539 of 16 July 1980 on the penalties imposed in administrative matters and on the execution of 
judgments by legal entities governed by public law, as amended. Article 1, paragraph II of such law provides that 
when EPICs are ordered to pay a sum of money by a final court decision, they must register this sum in their 
budget or authorise its payment within two months from the notification of the court’s decision. If an EPIC fails 
to do so, the French Government must substitute itself for the EPIC in order (i) to register automatically the debts 
in the budget of the EPIC or (ii) to plan new resources to pay the debts (in the budget of the EPIC, in principle). 
Moreover, court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation proceedings do not apply to EPICs. Articles L.631-2 and 
L.640-2 of the French Code de commerce relating to court-ordered reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) and 
liquidation of businesses (liquidation judiciaire) provide that court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation of 
businesses may be imposed on any tradesperson, artisan or legal entity governed by private law. Since EPICs are 
public law entities, they do not fall within the scope of application of those articles. As the Issuer was created by 
law, it may only be dissolved by an amending law, which may transfer its rights and obligations to another public 
entity.

--- Page 30 ---
A44781181 
28 
2.
Business Overview 
2.1 Missions 
The missions of the Société du Grand Paris are set out in Article 7 of the Grand Paris Law, and are summarized 
below. 
Primary mission 
The main purpose of the Société du Grand Paris is to design and develop the overall structure and infrastructure 
projects making up the Grand Paris public transport network (the "Grand Paris Express"), and ensure their 
implementation, which includes the construction of fixed lines, works and installations, the construction and 
development of stations, including interconnections, as well as the acquisition of rolling stock, designed to run 
the said infrastructure, its maintenance and renewal. To this end, the Société du Grand Paris may acquire, if 
necessary by expropriation or preemption, assets of all kind, movable or immovable, necessary for the 
establishment and operation of the Grand Paris public transport network's infrastructure.  
Complementary missions 
In parallel, the Société du Grand Paris participates in the modernisation and extension of existing transport 
networks, such as the ones managed by the Ile-de-France Mobilités, and their connection with the Grand Paris 
Express. The Société du Grand Paris assists the prefect of the Île-de-France region in the preparation and 
consistency of territorial development contracts around which the Grand Paris Express must be structured. It may 
also carry out property development programmes and participate, directly or indirectly, to town planning and the 
related construction works. More generally, the Société du Grand Paris may be entrusted by the State, Île-de-
France Mobilités (formerly the Syndicat des transports d'Ile-de-France (STIF)) or local authorities with any 
general interest mission complementary or related to the missions previously mentioned. 
In addition, the Société du Grand Paris may manage high speed electronic communication networks for use in the 
infrastructures of the Grand Paris Express, produce renewable energy in such infrastructures and acquire stakes 
in entities which may help it carrying out its missions. 
2.2 Operations 
2.2.1     Presentation of the Grand Paris Express 
Grand Paris is an urban, social, and economic development project which brings together the Grand Paris Region’s 
strategic areas with Paris at the heart of the Grand Paris area. This major infrastructure project will modernize the 
existing transport network and create a new automated metro system, the Grand Paris Express. The ambitious 
public transport network will service remote suburbs as well as economic development hubs such as the Paris-
Saclay research-intensive and business cluster and will thus significantly shorten commuting time for thousands 
of people every day. 
The Grand Paris Express project comprises 68 new stations, 4 additional lines (15, 16, 17, 18) as well as the 
extension of the existing line 14 to the South, from Olympiades to Orly, and to the North from Mairie de Saint-
Ouen to Saint-Denis Pleyel, representing 200km of new railway lines. It is estimated that 2 million passengers 
will be using the Grand Paris Express every day.  
Construction work  
Construction work began mid-June 2016 and is due to last until 2030. In total, the Société du Grand Paris expects 
to spend nearly 35 billion euros for the construction of this new metro, including a provisions for risks and 
contingencies. Major excavation works will be necessary in order to dig the new lines which are expected to be 
located at 30 to 50 metres below the surface.  
New train stations 
In addition to their function as a gateway to the new transport network, the train stations of the Grand Paris Express 
will help to boost the development of the areas they serve and will act as places to commute, shop, live and work.

--- Page 31 ---
A44781181 
29 
The ambition is to create a new generation of stations which are welcoming, accessible, safe, intermodal, digital, 
lively and practical. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the chart showing the new metro lines of the Grand Paris Express, and the 
timetable for the opening of these lines, is as follows: 
A springboard to the rest of the world 
The Grand Paris hub aims to be a springboard to the rest of the French territory, Europe and the rest of the world. 
It will connect: 
-
3 leading European airports: 
o
Roissy (North-Est of Paris) and its three terminals (or four terminals in the future) - for 
commercial flights and freight traffic, 
o
Orly (South of Paris) – for commercial flights and freight traffic, and 
o
Le Bourget – business airport, 
-
high-speed trains offering connections to the whole of Europe; and 
-
the river Seine offering access to maritime transport. 
2.2.2     Modernisation of the existing network 
In parallel, the Société du Grand Paris is expected to contribute approximately 3.5 billion euros to the 
modernisation of the Île-de-France transport network, which would namely finance the extension of lines 14 and 
11, the extension of the RER E to the West, the modernisation of RER A, B, C and D, as well as the adaptation 
of the existing networks, including the construction of interconnections and developments around the stations.

--- Page 32 ---
A44781181 
30 
2.2.3     A project with growth potential and attractivity factor 
Environmental benefits 
The Grand Paris Express participates in the establishment of a sustainable city, in line with the aims of the 
international convention on climate signed during the COP21 convention. The ring road layout limits urban 
spreading and favours a controlled development of the city. The new metro will encourage the shift from the car 
to public transport and the development of walking, cycling and all other "soft" transportation means.  
Productivity and competitivity gains 
The new metro will reinforce productivity and competitivity of Île-de-France companies through two distinct 
mechanisms: (i) productivity of companies increases with densification of employment, and (ii) workers' skills 
and productivity progress faster in a high-productivity environment. In addition, the very high-power optic fibre 
network deployed along the 200km route will provide an opportunity and may be considered as an attractivity 
factor for companies located in the municipalities crossed by the Grand Paris Express.  
2.2.5     Agreements and main public procurements contracts 
As the owner of the Grand Paris Express network, the Société du Grand Paris is in charge of attributing public 
procurement contracts for the companies who will be in charge of the design and delivery of the Grand Paris 
Express. These public procurement contracts are in particular subject to the Code de la commande publique. 
2.2.6     Organisation and operations of the public transportation network in the Île-de-France region 
Transportation in the Île-de-France region is organised by a public authority entitled Île-de-France Mobilités 
(formerly known as the Syndicat des Transports d'Ile-de-France (STIF)), which is in particular in charge of 
appointing operators of the transportation networks and of organising any changes in the transportation provisions, 
including in relation to the bus network and existing stations, in the context of the implementation of the Grand 
Paris Express project. 
The operators of the metro lines of the Grand Paris Express will be appointed by Île-de-France Mobilités pursuant 
to a tender procedure, and will operate the network under a public service delegation contract.  
In addition, Île-de-France Mobilités will be the owner of the rolling stock of the Grand Paris Express, as well as 
of the complementary networks and other transport projects that connect to the Grand Paris Express.  
The Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens (the "RATP") will remain the owner and manager of the historic 
infrastructures of the Paris metro. Article 20 of the Grand Paris Law provides that the lines, structures and facilities 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, train stations) of the Grand Paris Express shall, upon delivery, be entrusted 
to the technical management of the RATP. In this regard, RATP will be responsible for the infrastructure 
development, maintenance and renewal, while the Société du Grand Paris will retain ownership of the 
infrastructure. 
3.
Funding and Expenditure  
The Grand Paris Express project, as well as contributions to other projects financed by the Société du Grand Paris, 
benefit from a unique financing scheme governed by Article 9 of the Grand Paris Law. 

In addition to subsidies granted by the European Union and by the French State (in particular, under the 
investment programmes for the future), the Société du Grand Paris benefits from the allocation by the 
French State of revenues under the following four taxes, representing over 730 million euros per year 
(more precisely 748 million euros for the financial year 2020):  
(i) a component of the flat rate annual tax on network companies (imposition forfaitaire sur les 
entreprises de réseaux) (“IFER”); 
(ii) a special equipment tax (taxe spéciale d'équipement - TSE), levied annually on individuals and 
companies owning lands and buildings in the area of the region Ile-de-France;

--- Page 33 ---
A44781181 
31 
(iii) a fraction of the annual tax levied on office spaces, commercial premises and parking spaces (taxe 
sur les locaux à usage de bureaux, les locaux commerciaux et les surfaces de stationnement - TSBCS) 
located in the area of the region Ile-de-France; and 
(iv) an additional tax to the tourist local tax (taxe additionnelle à la taxe de séjour), payable for each 
tourist stay in an accommodation located in the Ile-de-France region. 
The Deputy Gilles Carrez submitted a report on 6 September 2018 relating to the funding of Société du 
Grand Paris (the "Carrez Report"). The Carrez Report was prepared following the referral to the Cour 
des comptes by the chairman of the finance committee of the French national assembly (Assemblée 
Nationale), in December 2016, pursuant to Article 58(2) of the organic law n°2001-692 dated 1 August 
2001 relating to finance laws, and upon appointment of Gilles Carrez by the prime minister. The Carrez 
Report sets out 5 recommandations on the funding of Société du Grand Paris for the attention of the 
prime minister:  
-
clarifying the technical, operational and economic challenges relating to the operation of the 
Grand Paris Express network and anticipating the associated financing requirements, by 
distinguishing between the economic model for the investment borne by the Société du Grand 
Paris and the one for the operation which will have to be provided by the organising authority; 
-
providing the Société du Grand Paris with an organisation capable of ensuring control of the 35 
billion euros cost during the execution phase, by concentrating and strengthening its resources 
on its priority mission as project owner; 
-
ensuring the Société du Grand Paris' transparency on project costs vis-à-vis the Supervisory 
Board, in particular by developing monitoring tools to anticipate any risk of drift as soon as 
possible; 
-
from 2019, strengthening the revenue basket allocated to the Société du Grand Paris, based 
exclusively on financing from the Ile-de-France region and with iso-taxation, in order to ensure 
the sustainability of the economic model by 2070; 
-
creating in the statute a cumulative borrowing ceiling of 35 billion euros for the Société du 
Grand Paris. 
Still in a logic of increasing and securing the revenue, the finance law n°2020-1721 of 29 December 2020 for 
2021 raised the maximum amount of the tax on parking spaces (taxe sur les surfaces de stationnement) attributed 
to the Société du Grand Paris. The maximum amount of the IFER attributed to the Société du Grand Paris and the 
additional tax to the tourist local tax remain unchanged, while the finance law compensated the decrease of the 
maximal amount of special equipment tax attributed to the Société du Grand Paris by an increase of the maximal 
amount of TSCBS attributed to the Société du Grand Paris. Finally, as every year, rates applicable to the different 
zones of the TSCBS have been updated (light increase). 
Therefore, since the finance law n°2018-1317 of 28 December 2018 for 2019: 
- the French Government shall submit to the French Parliament a report on the evolution of the spending and 
resources of the Société du Grand Paris prior to the 1st October of each year. The report shall in particular describe 
the anticipated evolution of the outstanding amount of indebtedness of the Société du Grand Paris and set out the 
measures implemented to ensure that this outstanding amount does not exceed a cap of €35 billion; and 
 - any additional contribution by the Société du Grand Paris in the creation, extension, improvement and 
modernisation of existing transport networks having a connection with the Grand Paris Express, in accordance 
with Article 20-1 of the Grand Paris Law, will be subject to an increase in the resources of the Société du Grand 
Paris by the same amount in order to guarantee the strict neutrality with regard to the Société du Grand Paris's 
annual and pluri-annual financial balance (said “Golden Rule”). 
The new metro also relies on debt financing through credit institutions and recourse to the capital markets. Initial 
contracts have been concluded with the Caisse des dépôts et consignations and with the European Investment 
Bank, for an amount of 3 billion euros at the start of 2018. In addition, the Société du Grand Paris established in 
February 2018 a €3 billion NEU CP programme which will provide short term financing. The Société du Grand 
Paris is now establishing this Programme to target international institutional investors directly (pension funds, 
insurers, asset managers, etc.) with repayment horizons in line with long term assets.

--- Page 34 ---
A44781181 
32 
The Grand Paris Express project will allow the improvement of current transport conditions in Paris as well as 
prepare those of future generations. Such debt financing offers the possibility of concentrating the construction of 
the network in as short time as possible while allowing financing, and thus contribution efforts, to be spread over 
several decades.  
In addition to the assigned tax revenues and the above mentioned debt financings, the Société du Grand Paris will 
be able to rely on user charges (tolls), as soon as the network is put into operation. It will also be able to derive 
additional revenue from commercial operation of the infrastructure network (optical fibre in tunnels etc.). 
Expenditure in 2020 
In 2020, the expenditures of Société du Grand Paris amounted to €3.6 billion. 
As at 31 December 2020, the cumulative expenditures of Société du Grand Paris since its creation reached €13 
billion, with a 19 % increase compared to 2019. The pace of expenditure growth has been accelerating since 2017 
and reflects the increasing work on lines 15 South and 16. In addition, in 2020 civil engineering works began on 
Line 18 whilst preparatory works and land acquisitions continued on Lines 15 West, 15 East and 18. The 2021 
budget of Société du Grand Paris, which amounts to €4.6 billion, reflects the increased significance of the project. 
4.
Ownership 
As an EPIC, the Société du Grand Paris is an instrumentality of the French State and does not have any 
shareholders. The Société du Grand Paris is distinct from the French State: French law provides that it has its own 
legal personality and enjoys financial autonomy. According to Article 8 (IV) of the Grand Paris Law, the Société 
du Grand Paris is however subject to the economic and financial control of the French State. In addition, the 
Société du Grand Paris is not independent from the French government, as it is placed under the joint authority of 
the minister in charge of the development of the capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the minister 
of transport and of the minister for urban development.  
5.
Governance 
Management of the Société du Grand Paris is ensured by a management board (Directoire) (the "Management 
Board"), which exercises its functions under the control of a supervisory board (Conseil de surveillance) (the 
"Supervisory Board"). In addition, a strategic committee, composed of 182 members as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is established by the Decree.  
5.1 Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises a continuing monitoring of the day to day management by the Management 
Board of the Société du Grand Paris. It is made up of 21 members representing the French State and a mayor of a 
municipality in the Ile-de-France region or a president of a public establishment for inter-municipal cooperation 
in the Ile-de-France region, appointed by decree for a renewable five-year term and the presidents of the region 
and of the departments of Ile de France. The Supervisory Board’s responsibilities include approving the Société 
du Grand Paris' general policy guidelines, its financial statements and its development or construction operations 
programmes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the composition of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer is the following: 
Member 
Address 
Principal outside functions 
1.
Elected representatives 
Mr Olivier KLEIN 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
Mairie de Clichy-sous-Bois 
Place du 11 novembre 1918 
93390 Clichy-sous-Bois 
- Mayor of Clichy-sous-Bois; 
- Chairman of the Board of Directors 
of ANRU; 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
Office Public de l’Habitat "Seine-
Saint-Denis Habitat";

--- Page 35 ---
A44781181 
33 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Etablissement public foncier 
d'Île-de-France (EPFIF); 
- VP de la metropole du grand paris
Mrs Valérie Pécresse 
Conseil régional d'Île-de-France 
2 rue Simone Veil 
93400 Saint-Ouen 
- President of the regional council 
(conseil regional) of Ile-de-France; 
- Member of the Supervisory Board of 
SNCF Group; 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
SNCF Réseau; 
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Île-de-France Mobilités; 
- Member of the Management Board of 
Business France; 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the 
Etablissement 
public 
d'aménagement Paris-Saclay (EPAPS); 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Etablissement public foncier d'Île-
de-France (EPFIF);  
- Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Grand Paris Aménagement (GPA); and 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO);
Mrs Anne Hidalgo 
Hôtel de Ville 
4, rue de Lobau 
75 004 Paris 
 - Mayor of Paris; 
 - President of the City of Paris and of 
the Paris Council; 
- President of the Guidance and 
Supervisory Committee of the Crédit 
Municipal de Paris; 
- Member of Bruitparif; 
Member 
of 
Atelier 
Parisien 
d'Urbanisme (APUR); and 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO). 
- VP de la metropole
Mr Georges Siffredi 
Conseil 
départemental 
des 
Hauts-de-Seine 
92731 Nanterre Cedex 
- Président of the Board of Directors of 
Etablissement Public d’aménagement 
de la Défense Seine Arche (EPADESA); 
- Vice president of the Etablissement 
Public Territorial Vallée Sud Grand 
Paris; 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO); and 
- Vice-president of the Métropole du 
Grand Paris
Mr Stéphane Troussel 
Conseil départemental de Seine-
Saint-Denis 
124, rue Carnot BP 193  
93006 Bobigny Cedex 
- President of the departmental council 
of Seine-Saint-Denis; 
- Deputy mayor of La Courneuve; 
- President of the Board of Directors of 
Office Public de l’Habitat "Seine-Saint-
Denis Habitat"; 
- Member of Bruitparif;
- President of the Board of Directors of 
the Société d’économie mixte Plaine 
Commune Développement and the

--- Page 36 ---
A44781181 
34 
Société Public Locale Plaine Commune 
Développement; 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the Etablissement Public Grand Paris 
Aménagement; and 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO).
Mr Jean-François Parigi 
Conseil départemental de Seine-
et-Marne 
12 Rue des Saints Pères 
77010 Melun Cedex 
- President of the departmental council 
of Seine-et-Marne; 
Mr Pierre Bedier 
Conseil 
Départemental 
des 
Yvelines 
2 place André Mignot 
78012 Versailles Cedex 
- President of the departmental council 
of Yvelines; 
- Member of Bruitparif;
- Président of the Board of Directors of 
the 
Etablissement 
public 
d’aménagement du Mantois Saine Aval;
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
Île-de-France Mobilités; and 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO).
Mr François Durovray 
Conseil 
départemental 
de 
l’Essonne 
Boulevard de France 
91012 Evry Cedex 
- President of the department council of 
Essonne;  
- 
President 
of 
Communauté 
d’agglomération Val d’Yerres Val de 
Seine; 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the 
Etablissement 
Public 
d'Aménagement Paris-Saclay (EPAPS);
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
Île-de-France Mobilités; and 
- Member of Bruitparif.
Mr Olivier Capitanio  
Conseil départemental du Val de 
Marne 
21 avenue du Général de Gaulle 
Bureau 502 
94000 Creteil 
- President of the departmental council 
of Val-de-Marne;  
Mrs Marie-Christine Cavecchi 
Conseil départemental du Val 
d’Oise 
2 avenue du Parc 
95032 Cergy Pontoise Cedex 
- President of the department council of 
Val d'Oise;  
- First deputy mayor of Franconville  
- Member of the Commission nationale 
d'aménagement commercial (CNAC); 
- Member of Bruitparif; and 
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Etablissement public foncier d'Île-
de-France (EPFIF)
2.
Representatives of the State 
Mr Marc Papinutti 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
Direction 
générale 
des 
infrastructures, des transports et 
de la mer 
Tour Séquoia 
92055 Paris La Défense 
- General Director of infrastructure, 
transport and sea;  
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO); 
- 
Coordinating 
government 
commissioner 
at 
the 
Conseil 
de

--- Page 37 ---
A44781181 
35 
coordination 
interportuaire 
et 
logistique Méditerranée Rhône Saône;  
- Government Commissionner with 
Société nationale des chemins de fer
(SNCF); 
- Government Commissionner with 
RATP; and 
- Government Commissionner with 
GPM de Marseille. 
Mr Yves Le Breton 
20, avenue de Ségur  
75007 Paris 
- General director of the Agence 
nationale de la cohesion des territoires.
Mr Jean Bensaid 
Ministère des Finances et des 
Comptes publics 
139, rue de Bercy 
Télédoc 335 
75572 Paris Cedex 1 
- Member of the Borad of Directors of 
Etablissement Public d’aménagement 
de la Défense Seine Arche (EPADESA); 
- Member of the Management Board of 
Etablissement Public d’Amnéagement 
Grand Paris Aménagement; and  
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO).
Mrs Emmanuel Gay 
21/23 Rue Miollis 
75015 Paris 
- 
Regional 
and 
Interdepartmental 
Director 
of 
Equipment 
and 
Development for the Region Ile-de-
France;  
- Member of the board of directors of 
the Paris-Saclay public development 
establishment as a representative of the 
French State ; 
- Member of the Régie Autonome des 
Transports Parisiens (RATP)  
- Board of Directors as a representative 
of the State;  
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Port Autonome de Paris;  
-Member of the Management Board of 
Etablissement Public d’Amnéagement 
Grand Paris Aménagement;  
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Etablissement public foncier d'Île-
de-France (EPFIF); and  
- Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Société de livraison des ouvrages 
olympiques (SOLIDEO).
Mr Emmanuel de Lanversin 
Arche de la Défense – Paroi Sud 
92055 La Défense CEDEX 
- Deputy Director of Housing, Urban 
Planning and Landscapes;  
- Member of the Management Board of 
the 
Etablissement 
Public 
d'Aménagement Paris-Saclay (EPAPS); 
- Member of the board of directors oh 
the Institut national de l'information 
géographique et forestière;and 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the 
Etablissement 
Public 
d'Aménagement 
Bordeaux-
Euratlantique.
Mrs Aurélie Cousi 
Ministère de la culture  
182 rue Saint-Honoré 
75001 Paris 
- Member of the general assemblee of 
the groupement of public interest 
"Europe des projets architecturaux et 
urbains"; and

--- Page 38 ---
A44781181 
36 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the 
Etablissement 
Public 
d'Aménagement Euroméditerrannée
Mrs Agnès Reinier 
Agence nationale de la cohésion 
des territoires 
20 avenue de Ségur 
75007 Paris  
- "directrice déléguée" of the Agence 
nationale de la cohésion des territoires; 
and 
- Member of the Management Board of 
Etablissement Public d’Amnéagement 
Grand Paris Aménagement 
Mr Stanislas Bourron  
DGCL 
Direction 
générale 
des 
collectivités locales 
2, place des Saussaies 
75008 Paris 
- General Director of local authorities; 
- Member of the Advisory Commission 
on load Assessment; 
- Member of the National Conference of 
Territorial Administration of the State; 
- Member of the National Agency for 
Urban Renewal; and 
- Member of the National Council on 
Standards Evaluation.
Mrs Claudie Calabrin 
Ministère de l’aménagemetn du 
territoire  
- 
Chief 
of 
the 
stratégie, 
contractualisation and evaluation office; 
- Member of the Management Board of 
Etablissement Public d’Amnéagement 
Grand Paris Aménagement; and 
- Member of the National Council on 
Standards Evaluation.
Mrs Béatrice Bellier-Ganiere 
Domaines 
Deputy director of the State Real Estate 
Office.  
Mr Laurent Pichard  
Direction du budget 
4 ème sous-direction 
Bâtiment colbert  
Télédoc 278 -7éme étage 7252D 
139, rue de Bercy 
75012 Paris 
- Deputy-director (4th division) of 
budget; 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the Agence de l'environnement et de la 
maitrise de l'énergie (ADEME); 
- Member of the Management Board of 
the Régie Autonome des Transports 
Parisiens (RATP); 
- Member of the Management Board of 
SNCF Réseau;  
- Member of the Management Board of 
the 
Agence 
française 
pour 
la 
biodiversité ; 
3.
Non-voting Supervisoy Board participants
Mr Marc Guillaume  
LE PONANT 
5 rue Leblanc 
75015 Paris
- Prefect of the Region Ile-de-France;  
- Prefect of Paris; and  
- Government Commissioner.
Mr Philippe Dupuis 
1-7 place aux Etoiles 
93212 la Plaine St Denis Cedex 
- Inspector General of Finances; and 
- Economic and financial controller. 
Mr Jean-François Monteils 
2 mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis
- President of the Management Board of 
the Issuer. 
Mr Bernard Cathelain 
2 mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis
- Member of the Management Board of 
the Issuer. 
Mr Frédéric Brédillot 
2 mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis
- Member of the Management Board of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 39 ---
A44781181 
37 
5.2 Management Board 
The Management Board is responsible for running the Société du Grand Paris, under the supervision of the 
Supervisory Board. It is composed of three members appointed for a renewable five-year term: 
• 
Mr Jean-François Monteils, Chairman of the Management Board  
• 
Bernard Cathelain, Member of the Management Board  
• 
Frédéric Brédillot, Member of the Management Board 
The addresses of the members of the Management Board are stated in the table above. 
5.3 Strategic Committee 
The Strategic Committee is the Société du Grand Paris' forum for discussion, proposals and continuing 
consultation. It issues opinions and proposals to the Supervisory Board relating to the implementation of Grand 
Paris Express network.  
It currently comprises 182 members who represent the municipalities through which Grand Paris Express network 
will run, 4 Members of Parliament and representatives of socio-economic stakeholders.  
It acts as a think tank and discussion forum for elected representatives from the Île-de-France communities and 
the Société du Grand Paris partners. 
5.4 Creation of an Audit and Commitments Committee  
The deliberation n°2018-18 of the Supervisory Board dated 28 November 2018 created an Audit and 
Commitments Committee. This deliberation aims at replacing two committees, a Commitments Committee 
created in November 2014 and an Audit Committee created in November 2016, by a single Committee.  
Such a Committee takes over the competences of each former Committee and is, in addition, in charge of the 
monitoring of the budget, accounts and financial management of the entity. This Committee will provide opinions 
and observations to the Supervirsory Board.  
The Audit and Commitments Committee's mission is to:  
- review draft deliberations approving certain investment operations, arrangement and construction programmes 
(and their preliminary assessments) conducted by the entity and draft funding agreements foreseen in Article 20-
1 of the Grand Paris Law;  
- monitor the budget, financial and accounts management of the entity;  
- ensure the relevance, reliability and efficiency of the Audit, internal control and risk management policy in 
relation to all the activities carried out by the Société du Grand Paris.  
6.
Litigation 
The Société du Grand Paris is, and may be, the subject of litigation which could lead to the suspension of 
construction work on certain parts of the Grand Paris Express network. This in turn, would impact the timetable 
for the opening of the Grand Paris Express lines. These disputes fall into three categories. 
Firstly, the various administrative authorisations necessary for the construction of the network or for the daily 
operation of the sites can be challenged before an administrative judge. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a litigation concerns the order approving the environnemental works of 
Line 17 (Saint-Denis Pleyel – Le Mesnil - Amelot) and two stations (Triangle de Gonesse and Pont de Sèvres).

--- Page 40 ---
A44781181 
38 
Secondly, the works related to the Grand Paris Express can lead to claims for compensatory damages, either 
because of accidental damage, or because of noise or vibratory nuisances generated by the works. Several bodies 
claims have been filed on this basis for an amount to be specified, mainly due to expertise.
Thirdly and finally, the Issuer is exposed to litigation risks regarding his construction contracts. These disputes 
can be initiated by candidates who are ousted during the contract bidding phase. They can also occur during or 
after the performance of the contract and relate either to financial claims from the co-contractor or the Issuer, or 
to workmanship. Several bodies claims have been filed on this basis for an amount of nearly 3 million euros.  
7.
Financial Information 
The Issuer's financial statements are drawn up in accordance with the accounting rules and principles applicable 
to public entities of an industrial and commercial nature, which are different from the accounting rules and 
principles applicable to private companies. The Issuer does not prepare half yearly financial statements. 
In particular, the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Title I and III of the decree n°2012-1246 of 7 November 
2012 relating to public budget and accounting management. In this respect, the Société du Grand Paris has a public 
accountant with sole authority to handle public funds, and who can be held personally and financially responsible 
for its scrutiny of revenue, expenditure and assets.

--- Page 41 ---
A44781181 
39 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Financial net debt: 
The financial net debt (“Total des dettes financières hors ICNE” minus “Total Trésorerie”) of the Issuer amounted 
to €8,761,221,183 as at 30 June 2021 as compared to €7,588,274,995 as at 31 December 2020. 
Funding and reserves: 
The sum of the amounts of the funding received and reserves (“Financements reçus” and “Réserves”) of the Issuer 
amounted to €1,136,824,121 as at 30 June 2021 as compared to €1,280,696,801 as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 42 ---
A44781181 
40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Société du Grand Paris (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 9 July 2021 has been entered into between the Issuer, CACEIS 
Corporate Trust, as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as 
amended 
and 
as 
listed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
References below to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent").

--- Page 43 ---
A44781181 
41 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at 
any time request from the central depositary the following identification information 
of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of 
them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a 
talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such 
as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
(b)
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication 
of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the 
issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined below).  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c)
Title: 
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii)
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv)
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and 
the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to

--- Page 44 ---
A44781181 
42 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2.
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes 
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b)
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3.
Status of Notes 
Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured (subject to Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of 
the Issuer. 
4.
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create any 
security interest (sûreté réelle) over the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues to 
secure any indebtedness represented by bonds, notes or other debt securities (obligations or titres de 
créance négociables) issued by the Issuer without at the same time according to the outstanding Notes 
and Coupons the same security interest on a pari passu basis. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
indebtedness does not include indebtedness for borrowed monies arising under loan agreements or credit 
facility agreements. 
5.
Interest and other Calculations 
(a)
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest, in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations), on its 
outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 45 ---
A44781181 
43 
(b)
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and each Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii)
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms and the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the Final Terms. 
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms 
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and

--- Page 46 ---
A44781181 
44 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2)
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable)", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
"Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on 
the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(4) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be either (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(2)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 5(C) 
(x) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 5(C)(1)(y) applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in 
each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, 
the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each

--- Page 47 ---
A44781181 
45 
of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(3)
if paragraph 5(C)(2) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as 
the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(4)
EONIA  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being EONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the arithmetic mean 
of the daily rates of the day-to-day Euro-zone interbank euro money

--- Page 48 ---
A44781181 
46 
market as reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the last TARGET 
Business Day of the Interest Accrual Period, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
where 
"do" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Business Day, in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"EONIAi", for any day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
is a reference rate equal to the overnight rate as calculated by the 
European Central Bank and appearing on the Reuters Screen EONIA 
page or such other page or service as may replace such page for the 
purposes of displaying Euro overnight index average rate of leading 
reference banks for deposits in Euro (the "EONIA Page") in respect 
of that day provided that, if, for any reason, on any such day “i”, no 
rate is published on the EONIA Page, the Calculation Agent will 
request the principal office in the Euro-zone of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide with its quotation of the rate offered by it at 
approximately 6.00 p.m. (Brussels time) on such day “i”, to prime 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market for Euro overnight index 
average rate for deposits in Euro in an amount that is, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. The 
applicable reference rate for such day “i” shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of at least 
two of the rates so quoted, it being provided that if less than two 
rates are provided to the Calculation Agent, the applicable reference 
rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent after consultation 
of an independent expert; 
"ni" is the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period on 
which the rate is EONIAi; and 
"d" is the number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(5)
EUR CMS  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity 
year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
d
n
EONIA
o
d
i
i
i
360
1
360
1
1

















--- Page 49 ---
A44781181 
47 
case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 5(f), in the 
event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five 
Reference Banks for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in 
each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing 
two TARGET Business Days following the relevant Interest 
Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if 
fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(6)
TEC 10 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being the TEC 10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-
TEC10-CNO 1  calculated by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being 
Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established 
in April 1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second 
decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 
10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, 
"OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield 
to maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose 
periods to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year 
OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and 
the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years. If, 
on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on 
Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 page, EUR-TEC 10-CNO shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market 
prices for each of the two reference OAT, which would have been 
used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the calculation 
of EUR-TEC10-CNO, quoted by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du 
Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
1
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 50 ---
A44781181 
48 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du 
Trésor to provide a quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent 
after discarding the highest and lowest such quotations. The above 
mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by 
the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of 
EUR-TEC10-CNO. 
(7)
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes 
provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
(i)
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence 
of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7). 
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that: 
(I)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iii) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7); or  
(II)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iii)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest

--- Page 51 ---
A44781181 
49 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)). 
(iii)
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7) and the Independent Adviser determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(iv), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if 
any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(7). Such notice shall be irrevocable and binding 
on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative and the Noteholders, and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error

--- Page 52 ---
A44781181 
50 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments) be binding on the Issuer, the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders. 
(vi)
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to 
the Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C) will continue to apply to such determination, 
provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7). 
(vii)
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive, negative or equal to zero), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance 
with customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body;  
b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt

--- Page 53 ---
A44781181 
51 
capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made 
(or made available), or the Independent Adviser 
determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period 
(if there is such a customary market usage at such time) and 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the date specified in (b)(i); 
c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the date specified in (d)(i);  
e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six (6) months;  
f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any

--- Page 54 ---
A44781181 
52 
Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable);  
g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the methodology for calculating the Original 
Reference Rate (i) has changed materially or (ii) will 
change materially. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser 
of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all 
times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark (in 
particular EURIBOR, LIBOR, EONIA, EUR CMS and TEC 
10) or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a)
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
 "Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, 
among those successor or replacement rates, the one which 
is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
A44781181 
53 
(iv)
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes 
(A)
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified 
as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) shall 
apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when 
this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI 
(the "CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(1)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) (the "Base Reference") applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding Condition 
5(f), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M-3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M-2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 


3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI








--- Page 56 ---
A44781181 
54 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR pages and on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of 
the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the 
French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor 
indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such 
index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
(2)
The calculation method described in (3) below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 
Paper entitled "Inflation-linked bonds". In the case of any conflict 
between the calculation method provided below and the calculation 
method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) 
shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(3)
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(the "Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(indice provisoire) has already been published, such 
index shall automatically be used as the Substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional 
CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published 
under the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place 
from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on 
the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula:

--- Page 57 ---
A44781181 
55 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more 
base changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be 
chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 
1st March of the following year. 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the 
following equation: 
Such that: 
(B)
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B) 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the "HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(1)
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) (the "Base Reference") applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding Condition 
5(f), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Key 
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New

1 
CPI Monthly 
Reference Index M-1
x  
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-
13

--- Page 58 ---
A44781181 
56 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to 
the first day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M-3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M-2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page OATEI01, 
on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index 
of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
(C)
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined above). 
(D)
(1)
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 


3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP








--- Page 59 ---
A44781181 
57 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13
(2)
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Such that: 
(c)
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(c)(i)). 
(d)
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i)
the Issuer may elect to convert on the Switch Date set out in the Final Terms from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis"), provided that a valid notification is sent by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders within the period specified in the Final Terms; or  
(ii)
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate on the Switch Date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis"). 
(e)
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Key 
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New


--- Page 60 ---
A44781181 
58 
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with paragraph (b)(iii) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount is specified in the Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be.  
Unless a higher rate is stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest with 
respect to Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001) (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(g)
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination (as specified in the Final Terms) in 
respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction 
for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable per Specified Denomination in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules 
applicable to such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to

--- Page 61 ---
A44781181 
59 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i)
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(a)
in the case of a currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency and/or 
(b)
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day") and/or 
(c)
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres specified in 
the Final Terms (the "Business Centres"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Specified Currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally 
in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365) 
(b)
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and 
(ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366 
(c)
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the 
Calculation Period) 
(d)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(e)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360

--- Page 62 ---
A44781181 
60 
(f)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1) 
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D-1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D-i is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1) 
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30. 
(h)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+30 ×(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1) 
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 63 ---
A44781181 
61 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(i)
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the Final Terms. 
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, 
and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") and supplemented 
by the FBF technical schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be 
(together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as amended or supplemented as at 
the Issue Date. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Period Date.

--- Page 64 ---
A44781181 
62 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(a)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(b)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and available at the office of the Paying 
Agents during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public 
holidays excepted). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, 
in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms subject 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto.

--- Page 65 ---
A44781181 
63 
(j)
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(7), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
6.
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a)
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its principal amount). 
(b)
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent (as may be named in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(iv))on the following basis: 
(i)
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
"Final Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as 
the Index applicable in the Final Terms in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv), the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index, or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii)
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) above is 
below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(c)
Early Redemption 
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) 
or to Condition 6(e)(iv) (Squeeze Out Option) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.  
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the Final Terms, shall

--- Page 66 ---
A44781181 
64 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption or upon 
it becoming due and payable is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e) 
(Accrual of Interest). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the Final Terms. 
(ii)
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A)
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(b)(i) above shall apply 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be calculated on the 
following basis: 
(1)
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes 
Or, as the case may be,  
"Optional Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined 
on the fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between 
(i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index, or (ii) if the HICP is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index, in each case on the date set for 
redemption, and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(2)
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to paragraph 
(1) above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B)
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(b) above applies) 
fail to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
will pay the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption 
of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest

--- Page 67 ---
A44781181 
65 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant date 
set for redemption. 
(iii)
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
(d)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i)
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of, French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be 
able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) below the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that 
the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal 
and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii)
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation), then the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than 7-days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due 
and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is 
passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(i)
Call Option 
If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders falling within the Call Option 
Notice Period, redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
A44781181 
66 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii)
Make-whole Redemption 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or 
from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-whole 
Redemption Date"). Any such redemption of Notes shall be made at their Make-
whole Redemption Amount.  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer before the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(e)(v) below, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date pursuant to Condition 6(e)(v) below and not the Maturity Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given 
by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Security on the fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 
11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) 
the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or 
method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen 
by the Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means the either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
A44781181 
67 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same 
issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices).  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(iii)
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to 
holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption 
may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount 
of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes 
and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be 
fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with Article R. 213-16 of the Code and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
(iv)
Squeeze Out Option  
If 80 per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any 
Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, on not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem on a date 
to be specified in such notice (the "Squeeze Out Redemption Date"), at its option, all 
(but not some only) of the remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount or, 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes or to Inflation Linked Notes if the relevant Final 
Terms specify that Condition 6(b) (Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) is 
applicable, their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date (the "Squeeze Out Option"), provided 
that if the Issuer has exercised the Make-whole Redemption option as specified in 
Condition 6(e)(ii), the Squeeze Out Option shall not apply for a period of 12 months 
as from the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
(v)
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Date”) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 70 ---
A44781181 
68 
(f)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the 
notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be 
redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(g)
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable 
laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for the 
purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations or cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Cancellation). 
(h)
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held 
or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the relevant Definitive Materialised Notes together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext Paris about such cancellation. 
7.
Payments 
(a)
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made 
by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b)
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the Materialised Notes (in the case of all

--- Page 71 ---
A44781181 
69 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c)
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)), all payments are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, in any jurisdiction 
(whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or Agents), and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and the Issuer will not be liable for 
any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.  
(e)
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so 
long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and in such other city so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market) (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any 
other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) below. 
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i)
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons are to become void upon

--- Page 72 ---
A44781181 
70 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(ii)
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv)
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. 
(g)
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(h)
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A)(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C)(i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than Euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 73 ---
A44781181 
71 
8.
Taxation 
(a)
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b)
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal, or interest by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required, provided, however, that 
the Issuer may, in that event, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) and except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(ii)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the 
Noteholder, or if applicable, the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before such 
thirtieth calendar day of such time period.  
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which the payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 (Taxation). 
9.
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10.
Events of Default  
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative (as 
defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)), upon resolution of a General Meeting, may

--- Page 74 ---
A44781181 
72 
give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that all, but not some only, of 
the Notes are immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes together 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
event of default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent:  
(a)
Non-payment 
if the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note and such 
default continues for a period of more than 20 days; or 
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in respect 
of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after notice 
of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c)
Cross Default  
if any other indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer in excess of Euro 100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) becomes prematurely repayable following a default, or the 
Issuer defaults in repayment of any such indebtedness at the maturity thereof as extended by 
any applicable grace period; or 
(d)
Dissolution and Merger  
if the Issuer is dissolved or merged into a company prior to the repayment in full of the Notes, 
unless in such event the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes are expressly assumed 
by such company.  
11.
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Article 
L.228-46 and seq. of the French Code de Commerce as amended by this Condition 11 (Representation 
of Noteholders). 
(a)
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the Notes. 
(b)
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate (if any) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. Such remuneration will be paid by the Issuer or 
any other party. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of 
any given Series.

--- Page 75 ---
A44781181 
73 
In the event of death, retirement, resignation, revocation, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the alternate Representative (if any) or 
another Representative.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c)
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d)
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or 
(ii) by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Resolutions", as further described in Condition 11(f)(i) below), or (iii) by the 
consent of one or more Noteholders holding at least 70 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Resolution", as 
further described in Condition 11(f)(ii) below and together with the Written Unanimous 
Resolutions, the "Written Resolutions"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(j). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series 
(e)
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30th) of the principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to 
petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(j) not less than 15 days prior to the date of the General Meeting for a first 
convocation and not less than 10 days in the case of a second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right, during the 15 calendar day period 
preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, and during the 10 calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or

--- Page 76 ---
A44781181 
74 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth (1/5th) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented 
at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of 
the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has 
been appointed. 
(f)
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in 
lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Unanimous Resolution or a Written Majority Resolution.  
(i)
Written Unanimous Resolution  
Written Unanimous Resolutions shall be signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders and 
shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(j). 
Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Unanimous Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Any Written Unanimous Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Resolution may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published 
in accordance with Condition 11(j). 
(ii)
Written Majority Resolution 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution, which shall include the 
text of the proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as 
provided under Condition 11(j) no less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Majority Resolution (the "Written Majority Resolution 
Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Resolution will contain the 
conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish 
to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Majority 
Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written 
Majority Resolution Date.  
Written Majority Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding 
together at least 70 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
Approval of a Written Majority Resolution may also be given by Electronic Consent. 
Any Written Majority Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Majority 
Resolution may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders, and shall be published 
in accordance with Condition 11(j).

--- Page 77 ---
A44781181 
75 
(g)
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the operations of 
the Masse, including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions 
and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
Notes. 
(h)
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all the Tranches of such Series.
(i)
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce, as amended by this Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.  
(j)
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be published 
on the website of the Issuer (www.societedugrandparis.fr) and, 
(i)
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing; or 
(ii)
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
(k)
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), the expression 
"outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, 
or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not 
cancelled. 
12.
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 78 ---
A44781181 
76 
13.
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes, provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof, the issue date and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to 
"Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
14.
Notices 
(a)
Subject to Condition 14(d) (Notices), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by 
the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. 
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that notices will be 
published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and 
(b) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market(s) and the rules 
of such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall be published on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as 
otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e)
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders).

--- Page 79 ---
A44781181 
77 
15.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be submitted 
to the jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
(c)
Immunity from Attachment 
The assets and properties of the Issuer cannot be subject to any attachment or other enforcement 
proceedings in the Republic of France.

--- Page 80 ---
A44781181 
78 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii)
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of 
which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised 
Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already 
been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed 
in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry 
of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018, has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended "MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for

--- Page 81 ---
A44781181 
79 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2
3[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]4
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
2  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.
4 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 82 ---
A44781181 
80 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance 
investments in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined below) and further described in the Green 
Bond Framework (Cadre du Programme EMTN Green de la Société du Grand Paris) available on the website of 
Société du Grand Paris (in French
https://media-mediatheque.societedugrandparis.fr/pm_1_140_140542-
5t29d9s82q.pdf
or 
in 
English 
https://media-mediatheque.societedugrandparis.fr/pm_1_140_140543-
mio7ddcicn.pdf). The Final Terms for any Notes may describe the specific Eligible Green Project(s) relating to 
such Notes. 
For the purposes of this programme, "Eligible Green Projects" include all expenses and project management of 
the Grand Paris Express metro which will allow the implementation of an automated transit network with 68 new 
stations and 200 kilometers of additional tracks planned, in accordance with the broad categories of eligible green 
projects ("Green Projects") set out by the Green Bond Principles of the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) (the "Green Bond Principles"), which include in particular a "clean transportation" category. These 
investments are estimated at more than €35 billion (2012's economical conditions). The Grand Paris Express 
consists in a fundamental rethink, redesign and focus on the public transport network on the scale of the 
metropolitan area in order to provide Grand Paris with low-carbon and sustainable multimodal transport solutions, 
more integrated transport services, hence supporting a model of green and polycentric development.  
As further detailed in the Green Bond Framework, the Issuer intends to fully comply with the Green Bond 
Principles and their four core components which are (i) the description of the use of proceeds of the bonds, (ii) 
the disclosure of its process for project evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of the proceeds of the 
bonds and (iv) a regular reporting on such use of proceeds. It further intends to comply with the Climate Bond 
Initiative's Climate Bond Standards. 
In addition, the Issuer (i) has appointed an external review providers which has provided a second-party opinion, 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
du 
Grand 
Paris 
(in 
French 
https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870
or 
in 
English 
https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/financial-publications-1871), and (ii) has obtained a certificate from a 
recognized external green standards, namely the Climate Bond Initiative, which is available on the website of 
Société du Grand Paris (in English https://media-mediatheque.societedugrandparis.fr/pm_1_137_137593-
ftblop9ncp.pdf). The Issuer may obtain additional or new second-party opinions and/or certificates during the life 
of the Programme, in which case it will update such information on its website (in English 
https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/financial-publications-1871).  
The Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds of each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme to the 
financing and/or refinancing of expenses in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects. The management by the 
Issuer of such net proceeds and the reporting on the allocation of such proceeds are presented in the Green Bond 
Framework of the Issuer.

--- Page 83 ---
A44781181 
81
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Société du Grand Paris 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 30,000,000,000 
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018, has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]5
6[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU on insurance distribution (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
5  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
6
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.
7 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 84 ---
A44781181 
82 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 85 ---
A44781181 
83 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 9 July 2021 which received approval n°21-312 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
"AMF") on 9 July 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval n°[●] 
from the AMF on [●] (the "Supplement[s]")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms, 
the 
Base 
Prospectus 
[and 
the 
Supplement[s]] 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and on the AMF's website (www.amf-
france.org). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [2018/2019/2020] Base Prospectus (as defined in the section "Documents 
incorporated by reference") incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 9 July 2021 which received 
approval n°21-312 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 9 July 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") 
[and the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval n°[●] from the AMF on [●] (the "Supplement[s]")] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s]], save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the 
Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870) and on the AMF's website (www.amf-
france.org).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
(i)
Issuer: 
Société du Grand Paris  
2.
(i)
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii)
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
The 
Notes 
will 
be 
assimilated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series of original 
notes] on [insert date]/the Issue Date] 
3.
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(i)
Series: 
[●] 
(ii)
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 86 ---
A44781181 
84 
5.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus an amount corresponding to 
accrued interest from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [the Issue Date/insert 
other date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)] 
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations: 
[●]8
7.
(i)
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/ Issue Date/ Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] 
month 
EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/[●] 
Year EUR CMS/TEC 10] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount on 
the Maturity Date.] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed 
Rate 
to 
Floating 
Rate]/[Applicable – Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below) 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13.
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 22 
below) 
8
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 87 ---
A44781181 
85 
14.
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 23 
below) 
15.
(i)
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii)
[[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
(iv)
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●] [insert particulars of 
any initial or final broken interest amounts 
which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
(v)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi)
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
17.
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 88 ---
A44781181 
86 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv)
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
(v)
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/Not 
Applicable] 
(vi)
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment to which item 27 relates) 
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination: 

Reference Rate: 
[[●] month EURIBOR/LIBOR/EONIA/[●] 
Year EUR CMS/TEC 10] 

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 

Reference Banks: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
(x)
ISDA Determination: 

Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 

Designated Maturity: 
[●] 

Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xi)
FBF Determination: 

Floating Rate: 
[●] 

Floating 
Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
(xii)
Margin(s): 
[+/–][●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 89 ---
A44781181 
87 
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest9: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 per cent. per annum] 
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xv)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii)
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii)
Switch Date: 
[•] 
(iv)
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5(a), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [•] of these Final Terms 
(v)
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition -
5(a), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [•] of these Final Terms 
(vi)
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
[[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
19.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payments: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
20.
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
9
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 90 ---
A44781181 
88 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●] /[Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[●] 
(vi) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Not applicable/specify dates] 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[●] 
(viii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/include 
any other option from the Conditions] 
(x) 
Business Day Convention(s):  
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / 
Floating Rate / Eurodollar][Business Day] 
Convention]]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest 
period end dates and not to the date and place 
of payment to which item 27 relates) 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest10: 
[[●]per cent. per annum/ 0 per cent. per 
annum]] 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21.
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) 
applies (applicable only in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes)] 
(iii)
If redeemable in part: 
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
10  
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 91 ---
A44781181 
89 
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv)
Call Option Notice Period: 
[●]11 days 
22.
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin:
[•] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Rate: 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen 
Rate]  
(iii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not applicable/As set out in the Conditions]  
23.
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Residual Maturity Call Option Date: 
[●] 
24.
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) 
applies (applicable only in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes)] 
(iii)
Put Option Notice Period: 
[●]12 days 
25.
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
[In case of Inflation Linked Notes, to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(b)] 
26.
Early Redemption Amount: 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
exercise of the Squeeze Out Option or on 
event of default: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination] 
[Condition 6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in 
respect of Zero Coupon Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes)] 
11  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days.
12  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days.

--- Page 92 ---
A44781181 
90 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27.
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [if applicable, 
specify whether bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré) or fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
(ii)
Registration Agent: 
[[Give name and details]/Not Applicable] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
only) 
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes 
on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
provided in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
28.
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
16 (vi) relates] 
29.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made] 
30.
Possibility 
to 
request 
identification 
information of the Noteholders provided 
by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31.
Representation of Noteholder(s)/Masse 
(Insert below, as the case may be, details of the 
Representative and Alternative Representative 
and remuneration, if any:)  
[Condition 
11(i) 
shall 
apply]/[The 
Representative shall be [●]] [include any 
alternate Representative if necessary] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a 
remuneration 
of 
[●] 
per 
year/The 
Representative will be entitled to an upfront fee 
of 
[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Notes/The 
Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been

--- Page 93 ---
A44781181 
91 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 94 ---
A44781181 
92 
PART B
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [●]. 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market]] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Moody's: [●]]  
[Fitch:[●] ] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the European Union, is registered or certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation 
published 
on 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] 
established in the European Union [nor 
has/and has not] applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")[.][, but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] 
which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation published on the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs).]. 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit

--- Page 95 ---
A44781181 
93 
rating agency which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3.
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4.
 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used to finance and/or refinance investments 
in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (see section "Use of Proceeds" of the Base 
Prospectus). 
[      ] (if applicable, describe specific Eligible Green Project and/or availability of third party 
opinions and/or where information can be obtained, etc…)] 
Estimate of the net proceeds: [●] 
5.
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.]

--- Page 96 ---
A44781181 
94 
6.
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND BENCHMARKS  
(i)
Historic interest rates: 
Details 
of 
historic 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EONIA/EUR 
CMS/TEC 10 or other rates as specified in 
the Conditions] can be obtained from 
[Reuters].] 
(ii)
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as amended, the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware 
[[●], as administrator of [●] is not required to 
be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply], such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable].] 
7.
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING 
[Inflation Linked Notes only
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: 
[indication of where to obtain such information by electronic means and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
8.
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
[FISN Code: 
[[•]13/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the 
FISN is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".)]] 
13  
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 97 ---
A44781181 
95 
[CFI Code: 
[[•]14/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the 
CFI is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".)] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
9.
 
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated: 
(a)
Name of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(include names of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers. Where not all 
of the issue is underwritten, include a 
statement of the portion not covered) 
(b)
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii)
If non syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv)
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA 
not 
applicable 
to 
Dematerialised Notes] 
14  
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 98 ---
A44781181 
96 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement to be dated 9 
July 2021 (as amended from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura 
Financial Products Europe GmbH and Société Générale (the "Permanent Dealers") and BNP Paribas, as arranger 
of the Programme (the "Arranger"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, 
the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers 
(such dealers together with the Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, as determined by the relevant Dealer, at the time of such resale.  
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified upon request to the Issuer, by the 
Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorized and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
Prohibition on offers and sales to EEA Retail Investors for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
the PRIIPs Regulation
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.

--- Page 99 ---
A44781181 
97 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); and/or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU on insurance distribution (as amended), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition on offers and sales to UK Retail Investors for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; and 
2) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, and has only distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed this Base 
Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to such qualified investors.

--- Page 100 ---
A44781181 
98 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used in this paragraph means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in 
a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Materialised Notes shall only be issued outside France.

--- Page 101 ---
A44781181 
99 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
1.
AMF Approval 
The AMF has allocated approval number 21-312 on 9 July 2021 to this Base Prospectus. It has been 
approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes.  
2.
Validity of Base Prospectus  
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 12 months 
after its approval by the AMF, until 9 July 2022, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After 
such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
3.
Consents, approvals and authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in the Republic of France in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Resolutions of the Conseil de surveillance of the Issuer were passed on 19 January 2021, authorising the 
Issuer to borrow up to Euro 10,000,000,000 during the year 2021 by, inter alia, issuing bonds having a 
maturity of over one year. 
4.
LEI Code 
The Issuer's LEI code is 9695004RTVK8D9VA8F57. 
5.
No significant change 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or the financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
6.
No material adverse change 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
7.
No material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that would be material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8.
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in the section "Information on the Issuer" on pages 37 and 38, the Issuer is not and has 
not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects in the 
context of the issue of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 102 ---
A44781181 
100 
9.
No potential conflicts of interest 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests and/or 
other duties of the members of the administrative and management bodies of the Issuer and the duties 
they owe to the Issuer.  
10.
Statutory Auditors 
Grant Thornton have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the financial statements of the 
Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 and ended 31 December 2020. Grant Thornton is registered 
as Commissaires aux Comptes (member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes). 
11.
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream systems. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear 
is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing 
system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent.  
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
12.
Documents on display 
The documents listed at (b), (c), (d) and (e) below will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.societedugrandparis.fr/publications-financieres-1870); for information purpose only, the 
document listed at (a) below is also available on the following website: www.legifrance.gouv.fr: 
(a)
the constitutive documents of the Issuer, namely the Decree relating to the Société du Grand 
Paris; 
(b)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
(c)
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchange; 
(d)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(e)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).  
Copy of the Agency Agreement may be requested electronically from the Fiscal Agent.  
If the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the 
relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what they 
consist of.

--- Page 103 ---
A44781181 
101 
13.
Yield 
The yield of a particular Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated at the relevant Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price set out in the relevant Final Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
14.
Credit ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the Issuer issued or endorsed by Moody's 
is Aa2 (stable outlook) and by Fitch is AA (negative outlook). The rating of the Programme issued or 
endorsed by Moody's is Aa2 and by Fitch is AA. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (a) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (b) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (a) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (b) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.  
15.
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EURO" and "EUR" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as 
amended, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to "HKD" are to the lawful currency of Hong Kong, references to the "U.S." 
and the "United States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
16.
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer (or Dealers) (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price 
of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
action may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the relevant Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
17.
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements 
that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion 
and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed 
by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements

--- Page 104 ---
A44781181 
102 
as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
18.
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 105 ---
A44781181 
103 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Société du Grand Paris 
Represented by Mr Jean-François Monteils, Chairman of the Management Board  
9 July 2021 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 9 July 2021 and is valid until 9 July 2022 and shall during this 
period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 21-312.

--- Page 106 ---
A44781181 
104 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Société du Grand Paris 
2, Mail de la Petite Espagne 
Immeuble Le Moods 
93200 Saint-Denis 
France 
ARRANGER
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens,  
75009 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt/Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 107 ---
A44781181 
105 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT
CACEIS Corporate Trust
14, rue Rouget de Lisle 
92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux 
France 
Email: ct-contact@caceis.com 
AUDITORS
Grant Thornton 
29 rue du Pont 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer 
to the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris  
France 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris  
France