--- Page 1 ---
3038001072 
 
 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ DES GRANDS PROJETS 
Euro 32,500,000,000  
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Société des grands 
projets (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the 
"Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 32,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in respect of, and for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which 
is material to any investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, 
of the rights attaching to the Notes to be issued under the Programme and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier, and received the AMF approval no. 24-176 on 29 May 2024. The AMF has 
only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a "Series"). Each Series of Notes may be issued in one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") on different 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to the interest commencement dates and matters related thereto). 
Application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris S.A. ("Euronext Paris") for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of one (1) year from the 
date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to any other Regulated Market (as 
defined below) situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on such Regulated Market. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets Authority (a "Regulated Market"). However, 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may also be unlisted. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which are contained herein) in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in 
the EEA. 
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 12 months after its approval by the AMF, until 29 May 
2025, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date and in respect of the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market, the 
Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as 
defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they 
will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global

--- Page 2 ---
3038001072 
 
Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global 
Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary 
Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a 
common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than 
or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the Issuer issued or endorsed by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody's") is Aa2 (stable outlook) and by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") is AA- (stable outlook). The rating of the Programme issued or endorsed by Moody's is Aa2 and by Fitch is AA-. Whether 
or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (a) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (b) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As of the date of the Base Prospectus, Moody's 
and Fitch are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The 
rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (a) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (b) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be published on 
the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and (b), provided they constitute documents on which the AMF has granted a filing or 
approval number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and copies of such documents may be obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the registered 
office of the Issuer. The Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published 
on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Prospective investors should carefully review and consider the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities  
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan  
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
3038001072 
1 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto that may 
be published and with any other documents incorporated by reference therein, each of which shall be 
incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus (together 
with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the purposes for which it has been 
published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in section headed "Subscription 
and Sale"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States of America, including its territories and possessions (the "United States"), and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. The Notes include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Materialised Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or 
for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes when such statement is made in reliance 
upon the Base Prospectus and other information provided and/or made available by the Issuer. Each of the 
Arranger and the Dealers accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which it 
might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements or information supplied in connection with the Programme (including 
any information incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, notably the use of proceeds, and its 
purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. The contents of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective 
investor should determine for itself and/or consult its own advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and 
related aspects of an investment in the Notes. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In relation to Notes, no Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil 
environmental criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are

--- Page 4 ---
3038001072 
2 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Notes meet the 
eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds or the content, suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
on the Issuer’s GPE Green Financing Framework, of such GPE Green Financing Framework, of public 
reporting, if any, or on any Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Dealers to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and would only be current as of the date 
it is released. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s GPE Green Financing Framework 
or any second-party opinion, none of which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Moreover, 
if the Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of any stock exchange for Notes, or 
included in an index or indices, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the 
satisfaction of such Notes to fulfil the criteria of such specific segments, index or indices, and, if the Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index 
or indices, will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) 
categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on 3 August 2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of

--- Page 5 ---
3038001072 
3 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated 
entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer is not a UK MIFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer 
under the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential purchaser in any Notes must determine the suitability of that purchase in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential purchaser should: 
a. 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of purchasing the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement; 
b. 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact of the purchase of the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
c. 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for the principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential purchaser's currency; 
d. 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
e. 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 6 ---
3038001072 
4 
Credit ratings  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this 
section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. In addition, 
as the Issuer is currently wholly-owned and controlled by the French State, a rating downgrade of the 
Republic of France may lead to a rating downgrade of the Issuer, the Programme or the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
All or some of the Dealers or their respective affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment 
banking, commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer. They 
have or may (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may 
include prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions or (ii) act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer. Where applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions 
for these transactions. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives.

--- Page 7 ---
3038001072 
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ......................................................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 25 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS................................................................................................. 28 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 29 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 47 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES .............. 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 105 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 106 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 122 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 125 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................... 129

--- Page 8 ---
3038001072 
6 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, 
and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this summary. 
Issuer: 
Société des grands projets (the "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
9695004RTVK8D9VA8F57 
Description: 
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") 
Use of proceeds: 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche 
of Notes will be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance expenses 
that contribute to the present and future value of the Grand Paris 
Express project, together representing the “eligible assets”, as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, in one or more of the Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") and 
further described in the GPE Green Financing Framework available on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
des 
grands 
projets 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr), as more fully described in the 
section "Use of Proceeds". 
Potential investments made under any metropolitan regional express 
services (services express régionaux métropolitains) (the “SERMs”) 
(recently permitted by the Law on SERMs) fall outside the scope of 
the GPE Green Financing Framework and will do so until any 
subsequent revision of such framework and of the Programme. The 
Notes to be issued under the Programme, as well as all outstanding 
notes issued by the Issuer, are therefore exclusively allocated to the 
Grand Paris Express project. 
Size: 
Up to Euro 32,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The amount of the Programme may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs 
Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Natixis, 
NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
and Société Générale. 
Fiscal Agent:  
UPTEVIA 
Method of Issue: 
Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Listing and Trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may also be 
listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer, and the relevant

--- Page 9 ---
3038001072 
7 
Dealer in relation to each Series. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether 
or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed 
and admitted to trading. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different 
issue dates (each an "Issue Date"). The Notes of each Series will all 
be subject to identical terms, except that the principal amount thereof, 
the issue price, the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A 
temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. See Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme shall constitute unsecured 
(subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are 
from time to time mandatory under French law) equally with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity over one (1) year from the date of original

--- Page 10 ---
3038001072 
8 
issue as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraphs "Call Option", "Squeeze Out 
Option", "Make-Whole Redemption" and "Residual Maturity Call 
Option" of the Terms and Conditions, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for tax reasons.  
Make-Whole Redemption: 
If "Make-Whole Redemption" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer will 
have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date or prior to the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount.  
 
Squeeze Out Option: 
If 75 per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes of any Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the 
Issuer, the Issuer may, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem, 
at its option, all (but not some only) of the remaining Notes of that 
Series at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date, provided that if the 
Issuer has exercised the Make-whole Redemption, the Squeeze Out 
Option shall not apply for a period of 12 months as from the Make-
whole Redemption Date.  
 
Residual 
Maturity 
Call 
Option: 
If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
may redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with 
interest accrued, at any time as from the Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date. 
 
Put Option: 
If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Notes, 
redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
Purchase and Cancellation: 
The Issuer may also purchase Notes. Notes so purchased by the Issuer 
may, at the Issuer's option, be held and resold or cancelled. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. In no event shall the 
Minimum Rate of Interest be less than zero. 
Interest Periods: 
Interest periods, and the determination by linear interpolation as the 
case may be, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
3038001072 
9 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate of interest determined 
for each Series as follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or the FBF Definitions (as published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française), each as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SOFR, SONIA, EUR CMS, 
TEC 10 (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any successor rate 
or any alternative rate), in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin; or 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert on the date set 
out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) occurs, the terms of the Notes provide a methodology to 
determine the successor rate or alternative rate, as further described in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9).  
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or the principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by an 
inflation index ratio. If the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Denominations: 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.

--- Page 12 ---
3038001072 
10 
Further issues: 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the 
Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical 
in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the first payment 
of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such 
assimilation. 
Rating: 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the 
Issuer assigned by Moody's is Aa2 (stable outlook) and, the long-term 
rating of the Issuer assigned by Fitch is AA- (stable outlook). The 
Programme has been rated Aa2 by Moody's and AA- by Fitch. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
Method of Publication: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
(a) 
the 
Issuer 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and (b), provided they constitute 
documents on which the AMF has granted a filing or approval number, 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies of such documents may be 
obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the registered 
office of the Issuer. The Final Terms relating to Notes admitted on any 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
(a) 
the 
Issuer 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).  
Selling Restrictions: 
 
Representation of 
Noteholders: 
Restrictions may apply to the offer, sale or delivery of Notes and on 
the distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. See 
section "Subscription and Sale" below.  
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 
and seq. of the French Code de commerce (with the exception of 
Articles L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1° and 3°, L.228-65 II, L.228-71, 
L.228-72, L.236-14, L.236-23, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-78 of 
the French Code de commerce and the related articles of such Code) 
as amended by Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders.

--- Page 13 ---
3038001072 
11 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained in 
this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes.  
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme but the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and/or are material for an informed 
investment with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each sub-
category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact, after also taking into account any mitigation measure resulting from such 
internal risk management process, and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this 
section. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
The Issuer faces market risks, operational risks and risks in connection with its status. The classification 
of these risks is the result of the implementation of a mapping process as part of the Issuer’s internal risk 
management process which is more fully described above in the introduction to the risk factors section.  
1.1 
Operational risks 
The Issuer has been specifically created to be in charge of an infrastructure project (the "Project") whose 
main purpose is to create a public transport network for the Grand Paris area, entitled the Grand Paris 
Express, as more fully described in the section "Information on the Issuer". The Issuer faces operational 
risks in implementing the Project, in particular the following: 
(a) 
Managing costs: The risk relates to the robustness of the cost management system at the various 
stages of the Project - programme costs, land acquisition costs, support costs and project 
management assistance in particular. In addition to the effectiveness of the system and the 
financial tools, the risk relates to the adequacy of the methodology for evaluating, auditing and 
optimising costs. This involves assessing the traceability and evaluation of commitments and 
expenditure at all levels of the Project (from negotiation to contract execution), as well as the 
traceability of the consumption of management margins in the event of a risk or hazard. Cost 
management is a matter not solely dependent on the Issuer’s management and may therefore 
fluctuate, influenced by external factors (hyperinflation, pandemic, centennial flood, armed 
conflicts, etc.) despite improved process structures and better tools. Such difficulties to manage 
the costs at the various stages and levels of the Project as mentioned above could have a material 
adverse effect on the reputation of the Issuer.  
(b) 
Technical management of delays: The risk relates to the management of Project deadlines. This 
risk includes the identification and anticipation of risks relating to the key milestones of the 
Project, particularly at the interfaces, the clarity and industrialisation of the processes for 
updating and communicating timetable objectives as the project progresses, and the availability 
and efficiency of information technology tools. The instability of the Project, the management 
of interfaces and the new allotment strategy for the TCE (tous corps d’état) contracts are factors 
which increase the criticality of the risk and which require, notably, a strengthening of the 
planning and coordination of all the work to be carried out. 
Meeting deadlines is not solely dependent on the Issuer's management and may therefore vary, 
affected by unforeseen events, despite a better structure of processes and better tools. The 
approach of the 2024 Olympic Games and the government's roadmap (i.e. extension and 
opening of the Line 14 north and south) keep the risk at its critical level.

--- Page 14 ---
3038001072 
12 
(c) 
Underground works: These are the technical and industrial risks inherent in the construction of 
underground works and infrastructure (construction of ancillary structures and stations, tunnel 
excavation). These events (encounter with a heterogeneous front, unexpected water influx, soil 
pollution, underground buildings to be deconstructed or reinforced), resulting from a specific 
knowledge of the geological, hydrogeological and geotechnical characteristics of the ground 
and subsoil, can be aggravated or, on the contrary, mitigated by the engineering choices made 
(construction methods, innovations). The criticality of the risk is accentuated by the length of 
the underground works (90% of the route is underground) and the large number of structures 
built to a tight schedule.  
The consequences may take the form of site interruption, damage to machinery (e.g. tunnel 
boring machines), or even the need to repeat studies in order to investigate alternative 
construction method scenarios. There may also be additional costs, increased demands for 
additional payment, or even schedule slippage in addition to these effects.  
(d) 
Risk in connection with contractors: The risk refers to the compliance of the services provided 
with the established contracts and the management of requests for additional payment. It 
includes the Issuer's ability to monitor changes to the contract (from the project owner (i.e 
contracting authority) or the contractor), to process requests for additional payment and to 
manage disputes effectively and operationally (traceability) during the execution phase. 
The risk also relates to control of the Issuer's contract award cycle (expression of need, sourcing, 
allotment, contract appraisal, negotiation and notification), the ability of the Issuer to control 
the entire chain and of the Engineering Procurement Construction companies to absorb the pace 
with the same level of quality (technical analyses, reports, tendering package (i.e. information 
submitted by the contracting party)). Particular attention is paid to the award of design-build 
contracts, which present significant challenges. 
Considering the size of the Grand Paris Express project and the number of contracts awarded 
recently, this macro-risk also includes the imbalance between supply and demand in all types 
of markets (civil engineering, development works, systems). 
 
The Issuer relies on certain contractors and subcontractors for the Project’s implementation. 
Indeed, 775 contracts are currently in progress within several fields such as civil engineering 
works, construction works, systems engineering. These contracts include 2386 suppliers, 
including subcontractors. In addition, 246 are planned to be notified in the coming period of 
time. 
 
The criticality of the risk is reinforced by the saturation of the market's capacity to respond to 
requests, the possible failure of suppliers, the size of the contracts and their plurality, the 
allotment of the contracts which generates interfaces, the need to recontract certain structural 
contracts, as well as by the context characterised by the instability of the Project and the very 
short schedules for the completion of the Grand Paris Express. 
  
(e) 
Environmental risk: The risk is the degradation or pollution caused by the Grand Paris Express 
construction sites of a natural environment, a landscape, a classified area, a classified wooded 
area, wetlands or a protected species. It also includes failure to respect the landscape integration 
of construction sites and structures, compensation and authorisations for land clearing, or failure 
to prevent noise and vibrations during construction. 
This risk includes the implementation of an effective dissuasion policy (audit, environmental 
charter for construction sites, financial penalties) by the Issuer towards companies so that they 
do everything possible to ensure a level of requirements that complies with the regulations.  
Current case law increases the criminal exposure of this risk since direct recourse against the 
Issuer is possible, limiting its transfer to the project owner and the companies. The financial 
impact is however entirely or partly covered by insurance. The media, legal and political impact 
of this risk remains potentially high and would have significant consequences for investor 
confidence in the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
3038001072 
13 
(f) 
Information technology security: This is the risk that the integrity, availability or confidentiality 
of the Issuer's information systems may be compromised, making it impossible to conduct the 
Project in a sustainable manner or in compliance with regulations. Exposure to this risk is 
increasing for the Issuer and its contractor, particularly during periods of remote working. The 
causes may be technical (system sizing), hardware (server failures) or human (errors in 
migrations or version upgrades). The macro-risk also includes malicious intent, both internal 
and external to the institution.  
The consequences, ranging from slight and temporary disruption of operations to the 
impossibility of commissioning the Grand Paris Express, may have impacts on: (i) the Project's 
objectives in terms of costs, deadlines and quality, particularly about modelling; (ii) the 
performance of the Issuer's activities; (iii) competitive tendering procedures, which could be 
compromised in the event of disclosure of sensitive economic data; and (iv) damage to the 
reputation of the Issuer in the event of theft of personal or confidential data. 
(g) 
Roll-out of the Enterprise Resource Planning project: The risk is that of the deadlines to be met, 
the solution to be functionally adequate, the value provided by the solution to be effective, and 
the solution to ultimately be able to produce accounts and management statements and pay 
suppliers. Several prerequisites must be mobilised in order to conduct the Project, to implement 
an information system in a coherent and urbanised manner in relation to the business needs, at 
a given date.  
This risk also addresses the adequacy of the Issuer's time and human resources, the volume and 
scope of information systems’ projects included in the master plan and launched 
simultaneously, including the change management deployed when the information systems are 
brought into service, with the corollary of potential failures in project management and 
coordination.  
This risk may have consequences for the robustness of the document production chain, the chain 
of controls, the protection of data assets, and the fair treatment of applications during the 
procurement process. 
(h) 
Crisis management: The risk relates to the Issuer's collective preparedness, tools and procedures 
(robustness of the on-call and business continuity system) to deal with a major crisis. It involves 
the Issuer's preparation for the responses to be provided in the event of the occurrence of events 
likely to affect the continuity of the Issuer's activities or those of the construction sites. It also 
requires learning lessons by adapting and improving existing organisation and procedures. 
This macro-risk is triggered by serious internal events (accidents on the worksites, emergency 
rehousing), external events that could impact the Issuer's business (cyber-attacks, natural 
disasters, terrorist threats, pandemics, major labour disputes), refusals of authorisations, risky 
media and political situations. The Issuer's exposure to crises of all kinds is increasing as it 
expands its operations around Paris. This risk is exacerbated by the multiplicity and coactivity 
of the projects and players to be considered. This risk is strongly correlated with the political 
context of the Grand Paris Express. 
1.2 
Risks in connection with the status of the Issuer 
(a) 
General political risk: As described in section "Information on the Issuer", the Issuer is not 
independent from the French government, as it is placed under the joint authority of the minister 
in charge of the development of the capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the 
minister of transport and of the minister for urban development. As a result, the French 
government may influence decisions that are important for the activities and organisation of the 
Issuer. Change in legislation, government regulation or policy may have a material impact on 
the Issuer's specific legal status.  
(b) 
Risk in connection with enforcement procedures: As further described in section "Information 
on the Issuer", the Issuer, as a French public entity of an industrial and commercial character 
(établissement public industriel et commercial), is not subject to private law enforcement 
procedures (voies d'exécution de droit privé) in accordance with the general principle that assets

--- Page 16 ---
3038001072 
14 
of public entities cannot be seized under French law. This may have an impact on any potential 
recourse of the Noteholders against the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer has been established for 
the purpose of creating the Grand Paris Express with the mission, in particular, of owning the 
network. The existence and operations of the Issuer will depend on the decisions of the French 
government. If the Issuer is dissolved, this would constitute an Event of Default under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, subject to the terms of Condition 10(d).  
(c) 
Litigation risk: The Société des grands projets is, and may be, the subject of litigation 
proceedings, relating to the declarations of public interest (déclarations d'utilité publique) 
permitting expropriations for the construction of the Grand Paris Express and to the public 
procurement contracts (marchés publics), or relating to modifications of perimeters or ways of 
carrying out the Project. The various administrative authorisations necessary for the 
construction of the network or for the daily operation of the sites and the building permits can 
be challenged before an administrative judge. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a litigation 
over the prefectoral decision prior to compulsory expropriation of two plots in Bondy  concerns 
the order approving the Public utility declarations of Line 15 East (Saint-Denis Pleyel – 
Champigny Centre) and other litigations include two stations building permits (Triangle de 
Gonesse and Pont de Sèvres). The works related to the Grand Paris Express can lead to claims 
for compensatory damages and the Issuer is also exposed to litigation risks regarding its 
procurement and contracting activities. With respect to compensatory damages, several bodies 
claims have been filed, for an amount to be specified, mainly due to expertise. With respect to 
its procurement and contracting activities, disputes may be initiated by candidates who are 
ousted during the contract bidding phase. Any such litigation proceedings may result in the 
construction works for parts of the Grand Paris Express network to be suspended, thus impacting 
the timetable of opening of the lines of the Grand Paris Express. Any significant delays in the 
construction works and the lines of the Grand Paris Express becoming operational may have an 
adverse impact on the revenues and financial condition of the Issuer. In addition, litigation 
proceedings may arise during the performance phase of the contracts. Such litigation 
proceedings could result in the suspension of construction works on certain parts of the Grand 
Paris Express network, thereby impacting the timetable for opening the lines of the Grand Paris 
Express. Any significant delay in the construction works and the opening of the Grand Paris 
Express lines could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's revenues and financial situation. 
(d) 
Risk relating to the Issuer's sources of funding: The Issuer currently receives its funding 
principally from four tax revenues, which are to be used exclusively by the Issuer for expenses 
incurred in carrying out its missions in Île-de-France according to Article 20-4 (IV) of the Grand 
Paris Law. Revenues are allocated to the Issuer by the French Parliament, and the amount 
allocated is determined each year by a finance law. The French Parliament is informed of the 
evolution of the Issuer's spending and resources each year due to the obligation for the French 
Government to provide an annual reporting to the French Parliament. The Issuer is subject to a 
principle of financial balance in relation to any additional contribution of the Issuer to the 
creation, extension, improvement and modernisation of existing transport networks having a 
connection with the Grand Paris Express. The sources of funding of the Issuer are more fully 
described in the paragraph 3 "Funding and Expenditure" of the section "Information on the 
Issuer". In addition to this source of funding and as described in the liquidity risk, the Issuer has 
also access to various debt capital markets instruments in order to finance its expenditure. The 
funds raised on the debt capital markets are complementary to funds allocated by the French 
State. Nevertheless, if the size of future allocations were reduced, any such reduction could have 
an adverse impact on the revenues and financial condition of the Issuer and therefore to the 
progress of the Project. 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.1 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
(a) 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. The Notes that may be 
issued are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, as described in Condition 3. 
Thus, Noteholders can rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
3038001072 
15 
The value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted 
by the risks related to the Issuer). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of 
the Issuer is rated Aa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's and AA- (stable outlook) by Fitch. If the 
financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and as result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations 
under the Notes, the value of the Notes may decrease and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
(b) 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, as described in Condition 15. Any possible judicial decision or change in 
French law or the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of this Base 
Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any 
change in law were unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and could have 
potentially serious negative repercussions on the Noteholders' investment in the Notes. The risk 
of changes in law is higher for Notes with longer maturities. 
(c) 
Modification 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse and a General Meeting of Noteholders can be held or a Written Resolution 
(each as defined in Condition 11) can be taken (together, the "Collective Decisions"). This 
Condition contains provisions for calling meetings or decisions of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally including without limitation the modification of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (subject to the limitations provided by French law). These 
provisions permit, in certain cases, defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General 
Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority, and Noteholders who 
did not respond to or rejected the relevant Written Resolution (each as defined in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). It is possible that a 
majority of Noteholders could adopt measures through a General Meeting or by way of a 
Written Resolution that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or 
limit the rights of the Noteholders and that may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes. However, the likelihood of a majority of Noteholders adopting a decision that would 
have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders should not be overplayed. Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments) also provides that in case of a Benchmark Event, 
the Independent Adviser may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
without the consent of the Noteholders in order to set the applicable rate of interest. Even if this 
decision would be taken by the Independent Advisor with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, such 
amendments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
In addition, Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that the provisions 
of (i) Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for 
a prior approval of the General Meeting in case of any proposal relating to the modification of 
the corporate purpose or the form of the Issuer and proposals to merge or demerge the Issuer in 
the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce) and 
the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. Also, 
Articles L.228-72, L.236-14, L.236-23 of such Code shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of 
these exclusions, no General Meeting shall be held nor a Written Resolution shall be submitted 
and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be offered by the Issuer or requested 
by the Noteholders in respect of any such modification, merger or demerger and it may affect 
the interests of the Noteholders generally.

--- Page 18 ---
3038001072 
16 
2.2 
Risks related to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for the issuance of a wide range of Notes with varying structures and features. 
Such structures and features may present particular risks for potential investors. A description of the most 
material risks associated with such structures and features is set out below: 
(a) 
Interest Rate Risks  
(i) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(a) (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate 
Notes") to Noteholders. Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that 
changes in interest rates or in the rate of inflation may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. Generally, prices of fixed interest rate bonds tend to fall when market interest 
rates rise. Therefore, Noteholders should be aware that movements of the market 
interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market and 
could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes 
during a period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It 
is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial 
investment.  
(ii) 
Floating Rate Notes  
Pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes), the Notes issued under the Programme can bear interest at a floating 
rate. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate, such as EURIBOR, €STR, SOFR, SONIA, EUR CMS or TEC 10, and (ii) a 
margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a 
periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with 
general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may 
be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of 
these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should 
the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of 
the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting of the reference rate 
and the relevant margin, being lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no 
event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero.  
These reference rates are not pre-defined for the lifespan of the Notes. Higher reference 
rates mean a higher interest under the Notes and lower reference rates mean a lower 
interest under the Notes. The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. 
The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the 
amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date. If the Final Terms of 
the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market rates of interest decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower rates of interest then prevailing. 
This may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result 
in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
(b) 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"  
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), 
the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", such “benchmarks”

--- Page 19 ---
3038001072 
17 
are the subject of ongoing national, international regulatory review and reform, with further 
changes anticipated. These reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain benchmarks. Other 
benchmarks could be eliminated entirely or declared unrepresentative. Such reforms may cause  
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised 
calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") is applicable since 
1 January 2018 and applies to the provision of “benchmarks” in the EU, the contribution of 
input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU. In the United 
Kingdom, the Benchmarks Regulation which forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides similar 
provisions. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or, increasing the rate or level 
or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
This could potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise 
impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes or 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised 
approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the 
power to the European Commission or to the competent national authority, to designate a 
statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9) (Benchmark discontinuation), a benchmark is replaced by another benchmark 
wich no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement 
of such benchmark may be designated. Any such replacement could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing such 
a "benchmark". In addition, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023 
has further extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are 
extended until 31 December 2025.  
Furthermore, such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could (i) increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements, (ii) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to such "benchmark", (iii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the "benchmark" or (iv) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
(c) 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
In case of Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes and if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes at Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9) (Benchmark discontinuation) 
provide for certain fallback arrangements, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as 
EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, EUR CMS

--- Page 20 ---
3038001072 
18 
and TEC 10 but other than €STR, SOFR and SONIA), and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any 
Paying Agent or any other independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such 
benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without 
the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive, negative or equal 
to zero, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) 
to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the 
successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser appointed 
as more fully described in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(i) (Independent Adviser) and without the 
consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of 
interest for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date.  
This ultimate fallback may result in the effective application of a fixed rate on Notes linked to 
or referencing a "benchmark" and, as a result, Noteholders will not benefit from an increase (if 
any) in market interest rates which may have occurred since the preceding Interest Period. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or 
elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may 
perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. This could significantly affect the 
performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected performance of the 
relevant benchmark. Any adjustment factor applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately 
compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value 
of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments 
based on the Relevant Screen Page may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur 
costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder and the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal amount 
invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes.  
(d) 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which 
are possible reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) allows Notes 
referencing risk-free rates to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free 
rates, such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight

--- Page 21 ---
3038001072 
19 
Financing Rates ("SOFR") and the Daily Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR"), as reference rates in 
the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, or euro, as applicable, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates 
Such risk-free rates have a limited performance history and the future performance of such risk-
free rates is impossible to predict. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For example, 
since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that materially differ in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free 
rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could adversely affect 
the market value of Notes issued under the Programme.  
The market or a significant part thereof may also adopt an application of risk-free rates that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in 
relation to Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Base Prospectus.  
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate or an arithmetic average of 
the risk-free rate, using the relevant specific formula set out in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for notes referencing risk-
free rates continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates. Accordingly, the specific formula for 
calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all.  
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such Notes.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and the Issuer has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or 
publications. There is a risk that the relevant risk-free rate (or the Compounded SOFR Index or 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate) will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such 
risk-free rate (or that any applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes will provide a rate which is not economically equivalent for 
Noteholders). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading 
prices of such Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such risk-free rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
The adoption of alternative overnight risk-free rate may be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in any Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
(e) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes), 
the Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes with interest determined by reference to the rate of 
inflation in France or in the European Monetary Union. Inflation Linked Notes are debt 
securities which do not provide for predetermined interest payments and/or in respect of which 
the principal is indexed. Interest amounts and/or principal will be dependent upon the 
performance of either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France (the "CPI"), as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National

--- Page 22 ---
3038001072 
20 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") or (ii) the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco, or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") or the relevant successor index (each an "Index" or 
"Inflation Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant index 
calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at 
the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount 
of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. 
However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes 
will be redeemed at par. Potential investors in Inflation Linked Notes should be aware that they 
may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest. 
Due to varying interest income under Inflation Linked Notes, investors in Inflation Linked 
Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may adversely 
affect the value of such Notes and, as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
(f) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions allows the Issuer to 
issue Notes with a fixed rate of interest that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and 
vice versa. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert, or may automatically change at the date set out in the relevant Final Terms, from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. If the Issuer has the ability to 
convert the interest rate, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts, or if an automatic change occurs, from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, the spread on the fixed to floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, or if an automatic change occurs, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the then prevailing rates on its Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
(g) 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Condition 5(c) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions allows the Issuer to issue zero 
coupon Notes. Changes in market rates of interest have a substantially stronger impact on the 
prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue 
prices are substantially below par. If market rates of interest increase, Zero Coupon Notes can 
suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to 
their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly 
high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could 
be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes. 
(h) 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of securities 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It 
is difficult to anticipate future price volatility, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect 
on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or

--- Page 23 ---
3038001072 
21 
premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional 
interest-bearing securities. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the Redemption of the Notes 
(a) 
An early redemption could cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less 
than expected  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a number of early redemptions at the option 
of the Issuer. In particular, for taxation reasons, as described in Condition 6(d), the Issuer may, 
and in some circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes at par in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms may specify 
that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option, in whole or in part, in certain other 
circumstances (Conditions 6(e)(i) (Call Option), 6(e)(ii) (Make-whole Redemption)). The Issuer 
may, in certain conditions, also redeem all of the outstanding Notes if 75 per cent. or more of 
the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any Series have been redeemed or 
repurchased as described in Condition 6(e)(iv) (Squeeze Out Option) or at any time as from the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the 
Maturity Date as described in Condition 6(e)(v) (Residual Maturity Call Option). In all of the 
above cases, if the market rates of interest decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will 
exercise its right of termination increases. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. In 
addition, with respect to the Squeeze Out Option, there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform 
investors if and when, for any Series of Notes, the percentage of 75 per cent. of Notes redeemed 
or repurchased, has been reached or is about to be reached. 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the 
redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by 
the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, 
so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption 
may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
(b) 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or a redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not 
exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e)(ii) and the Call Option 
of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e)(i) are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of 
such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the 
same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised.  
As described in Condition 6(e)(iii), if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial 
redemption shall be effected either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or 
(ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the 
choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with 
Article R. 213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption 
of the Notes at the option of the Issuer is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in 
respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid which, depending on the 
extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any remaining Noteholders 
seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the

--- Page 24 ---
3038001072 
22 
relevant Final Terms may specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Noteholder’s option, in 
whole or in part, as described in Condition 6(f). This Put Option may have similar consequences 
for the Noteholders seeking to dispose of the Notes of the same Series who have not exercised 
such an option. 
2.4 
The Notes will be issued with a specific use of proceeds  
This Base Prospectus provides, and the Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes will 
provide, that the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to 
finance and/or refinance investments, as described in the relevant Final Terms, in one or more Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined in the section "Use of Proceeds") as set out in the Issuer’s GPE Green 
Financing Framework available on the Issuer’s website (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr). Such Eligible 
Projects only deal with the Grand Paris Express and the Notes to be issued under the Programme are 
exclusively dedicated to the Grand Paris Express project. 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “green bond”. The definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
“green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. The requirements of any such 
label may however evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use of the proceeds of the Notes may not 
meet any or all Noteholders expectations regarding such "green" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives.  
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) has 
been adopted, establishing the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as 
environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is 
environmentally sustainable (the “EU Taxonomy”). In this respect, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Grand Paris Express’ project eligible expenses are aligned with each of the environmental 
sustainability criteria for the economic activities set out in Article 3 of the Taxonomy Regulation: (i) 
contributing substantially to one or more environmental objectives (climate change adaptation and 
climate change mitigation); (ii) causing no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives; (iii) 
performed in compliance with the minimum safeguards stipulated in the Taxonomy Regulation; and (iv) 
compliant with the technical screening criteria established by the Commission. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 
2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 30 November 2023. The regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 will apply 
from 21 December 2024. It introduces a voluntary label (the “European Green Bond Standard”) for 
issuers of green use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned 
with the EU Taxonomy. Any Notes issued under this Programme will not be issued according to such 
European Green Bond Standard. They are intended to only comply with the criteria and processes set out 
in 
the 
Issuer's 
GPE 
Green 
Financing 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr). It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond 
Standard may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the 
Notes) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Notes and their price. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Eligible Green Projects may not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. In addition, the results, the schedule or outcome 
(whether or not related to environmental, social, sustainability, or other objectives) of the Eligible Green 
Projects, as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, may not be satisfied, for reasons that are 
outside the Issuer’s control.  
It is possible that an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the Notes may not be totally disbursed as 
planned, for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s control. In such cases, such net proceeds shall be 
allocated to other projects. Any such reallocation of the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes may not meet some or all of the expectations of Noteholders and will not give rise to any 
possible claim by a Noteholder against the Issuer.

--- Page 25 ---
3038001072 
23 
Any event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including 
any Eligible Green Projects and/or withdrawal of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or 
certification to the effect that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements 
covered by such opinion or certification or any change to the Issuer's GPE Green Financing Framework 
and/or selection criteria, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or may have 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. Any such 
events will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and investors could lose part of their 
investment. 
2.5 
Risks related to the market 
(a) 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial 
condition of the Issuer. Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the AMF in France, an active 
trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one does develop, it may not be maintained. 
If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or 
trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be significantly and adversely affected.  
In addition, the Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as described in Condition 6(g) (Purchases), 
and the Issuer may issue further notes, as described in Condition 13 (Further Issues). Such 
transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional 
and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes. In addition, the Notes issued under the Programme, being green Notes are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more limited 
secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to 
realise their anticipated yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders 
and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(b) 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many 
events 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including the value of the reference assets or an index, including, 
but not limited to, the volatility of the reference assets or an index, or the dividend on the 
securities taken up in the index, market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the 
maturity date. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the Issuer is rated 
Aa2 (stable outlook) by Moody's and AA- (stable outlook) by Fitch. However, if the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a significant adverse impact on the 
Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
In addition, the market for debt securities issued by issuers is influenced by economic and 
market conditions and, to varying degrees, rates of interest, currency exchange rates and 
inflation rates in other European and other industrialised countries. As the Issuer is a French 
entity, events in France, Europe or elsewhere may cause market volatility or such volatility may 
adversely affect the price of Notes. 
(c) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may

--- Page 26 ---
3038001072 
24 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If such risk were to 
materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally 
in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be very 
negatively impacted as they may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal.

--- Page 27 ---
3038001072 
25 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections identified in the cross-reference 
tables below of the documents mentioned below. Such sections shall be incorporated in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the French language press release published by the Issuer on 29 February 2024 relating to the meeting of 
the supervisory board held on 29 February 2024 (the “29 February 2024 Press Release”) (available by 
clicking on the following hyperlink: click here), 
(b) 
the French language annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
together with the related French language audit report (the “2022 Annual Report”) (available by clicking 
on the following hyperlink: click here), 
(c) 
the French language annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023, 
together with the related French language audit report (the “2023 Annual Report”) (available by clicking 
on the following hyperlink: click here), 
(d) 
the base prospectus dated 19 July 2018 which received visa no. 18-321 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2018 Conditions”)) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here),  
(e) 
the base prospectus dated 11 July 2019 which received visa no. 19-340 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2019 Conditions”)) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here),  
(f) 
the base prospectus dated 10 July 2020 which received approval no. 20-342 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2020 Conditions”)) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here), 
(g) 
the base prospectus dated 9 July 2021 which received approval no. 21-312 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2021 Conditions”)) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here), 
(h) 
the base prospectus dated 8 July 2022 which received approval no. 22-289 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2022 Conditions”)) (available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click 
here), and 
(i) 
the base prospectus dated 29 June 2023 which received approval no. 23-254 (including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “2023 Conditions”, together with the 2018 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions, 
the 2020 Conditions, the 2021 Conditions and the 2022 Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”)) 
(available by clicking on the following hyperlink: click here), 
 
save that any statement contained in such documents which are incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).  
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 2018 
Conditions, the 2019 Conditions, the 2020 Conditions, the 2021 Conditions, the 2022 Conditions or the 2023 
Conditions.  
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available free of charge on the website 
of the Issuer (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr).  
The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus (unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority.

--- Page 28 ---
3038001072 
26 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables below but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference is considered as additional information, is not required by the schedules of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the 
“Commission Delegated Regulation”), and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2023 Conditions 
Pages 43 to 99 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
2022 Conditions 
Pages 42 to 98 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
2021 Conditions  
Pages 40 to 77 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
2020 Conditions  
Pages 33 to 69 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 31 to 68 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
2018 Conditions 
Pages 27 to 59 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in accordance with the 
following cross reference table (in which the numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation) is available as follows: 
Commission Delegated Regulation  
Annex 7 in respect of the Issuer 
2022 Annual Report 
2023 Annual Report 
29 February 2024 Press 
Releases 
4. Information about the 
Issuer 
 
 
 
Any 
recent 
events 
particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material 
extent 
relevant 
to 
an 
evaluation of the issuer’s 
solvency. 
 
 
1 
11. Financial information 
concerning the issuer's 
assets 
and 
liabilities, 
financial position and 
profits and losses 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
14-15 
14-15 
 
Income statement 
16 
16 
 
Accounting policies 
21-24 
20-23 
 
Explanatory notes 
17-43 
17-45 
 
Budget tables 
11-13 
10-13 
 
Auditors' report relating to 
the above 
1-8 
1-7

--- Page 29 ---
3038001072 
27 
Commission Delegated Regulation  
Annex 7 in respect of the Issuer 
2022 Annual Report 
2023 Annual Report 
29 February 2024 Press 
Releases 
Qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter in the audit reports 
3 
N/A

--- Page 30 ---
3038001072 
28 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a 
Member State of the EEA, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a restated Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
3038001072 
29 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER  
The Société des grands projets is a French public entity originally created to be in charge of an infrastructure 
project whose main purpose is to create a public transport network for the Grand Paris area, entitled the Grand 
Paris Express, as more fully described below. 
1. 
History and legal status of the Issuer 
The Société des grands projets (previously known as Société du Grand Paris) (the "Issuer") is a French public 
entity of an industrial and commercial nature (établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial) (an 
"EPIC"). 
On 28 December 2023, the Law n°2010-597 of 3 June 2010 relating to the Grand Paris, as amended, has been 
further amended by the Law n°2023-1269 of 27 December 2023 on metropolitan regional express services 
(services express régionaux métropolitains) (the “SERMs”) (the “Law on SERMs”) in order notably to expand 
the Issuer’s missions to enable it to intervene in the development of public transport infrastructures outside of the 
Île-de-France region (the “Grand Paris Law”).  
 
In particular, the Law on SERMs introduced a new Article 20-3 in the Grand Paris Law which enables the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries to participate in the development of SERMs, to be designated project owners (maîtres 
d’ouvrage) of SERMs and to participate in the financing of projects to create, extend, improve or modernise 
transport infrastructures falling within the scope of a SERM.  
 
The Issuer was established by Article 7 of the Grand Paris Law and pursuant to Article 34 of the Decree n°2010-
756 of 7 July 2010, as amended (the "Decree") on 21 July 2010, date of the first meeting of its supervisory board 
(Conseil de surveillance). The Grand Paris Law provides that the Société des grands projets will be dissolved 
once it has exhausted the powers conferred to it by the Grand Paris Law. The same law grants the Société des 
grands projets the ownership of the lines, the structures and facilities, as well as of the stations and 
interconnections mentioned in paragraph II of Article 7 of the Grand Paris Law (i.e. those related to the 
infrastructure of the Grand Paris public transport network), with the exception of those resulting from missions 
carried out under Article 20-3 of the Grand Paris Law (i.e. those related to the SERMs).  
The Issuer is registered with the Commercial and Companies Registry of Bobigny under number 525 046 017. Its 
registered office is located at 2, Mail de la Petite Espagne, Immeuble Le Moods, 93200 Saint-Denis, France, and 
its telephone number is +33(0)1 82 46 20 00. 
The Société des grands projets is placed under the joint authority of the minister in charge of the development of 
the capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the minister of transport and of the minister for urban 
development.  
Titles I to IV of the Decree set out the governance rules applicable to the Société des grands projets, and certain 
provisions of French corporate law relating to the corporate governance of sociétés anonymes with a management 
board (Directoire) and a supervisory board (Conseil de surveillance) are rendered applicable to Société des grands 
projets by Article 8 (VI) of the Grand Paris Law, completed by Article 2 of the Decree, as detailed in paragraph 
5 (Governance) below.  
Pursuant to Article 12 of the Grand Paris Law, property of all kind, movable or immovable, acquired or built by 
third parties on behalf of the Société des grands projets with a view to the creation of the Grand Paris public 
transport network are to be transferred in full ownership to the Issuer.  
The Société des grands projets has a borrowing capacity, which constitutes its main source of financing. The 
funding of the Société des grands projets is ensured by the French State, which has endowed the Société des 
grands projets with a highly secure status, that of an EPIC. The chosen model allows for the repayment of the 
infrastructure to be spread over approximately 50 years, with the Société des grands projets acting as an 
amortisation structure once the project is operational. 
The Société des grands projets is also subject to specific rules applicable to EPICs, which are legal entities 
governed by public law. In particular, EPICs' assets may not be seized (as the Cour de cassation clearly stated it 
in a decision dated 21 December 1987). As a result, the Issuer is not subject to ordinary enforcement procedures. 
It is subject to Law n°80-539 of 16 July 1980 on the penalties imposed in administrative matters and on the

--- Page 32 ---
3038001072 
30 
execution of judgments by legal entities governed by public law, as amended. Article 1 (II) of such law provides 
that when EPICs are ordered to pay a sum of money by a final court decision, they must register this sum in their 
budget or authorise its payment within two months from the notification of the court’s decision. If an EPIC fails 
to do so, the French Government must substitute itself for the EPIC in order (i) to register automatically the debts 
in the budget of the EPIC or (ii) to plan new resources to pay the debts (in the budget of the EPIC, in principle).  
Moreover, court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation proceedings do not apply to EPICs. Articles L.631-2 and 
L.640-2 of the French Code de commerce relating to court-ordered reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) and 
liquidation of businesses (liquidation judiciaire) provide that court-ordered reorganisation and liquidation of 
businesses may be imposed on any tradesperson, artisan or legal entity governed by private law. Since EPICs are 
public law entities, they do not fall within the scope of application of those Articles. As the Issuer was created by 
law, it may only be dissolved by an amending law, which may transfer its rights and obligations to another public 
entity. 
2. 
Business Overview 
2.1 Missions 
The missions of the Société des grands projets are set out in Articles 7 et seq. of the Grand Paris Law, and are 
summarised below.  
The Grand Paris Law has been amended recently in order to implement new missions of the Issuer relating to the 
mobilization of the Issuer, alongside SNCF Réseau, as part of the development of the SERMs, as previously 
announced by the French Prime Minister in February 2023.  
2.1.1 Primary mission of the Issuer: the construction and management of the Grand Paris public transport 
network 
The main purpose of the Société des grands projets is to design and develop the overall structure and infrastructure 
projects making up the Grand Paris public transport network (the “Grand Paris Express” or “GPE”), and ensure 
their implementation, which includes the construction of fixed lines, works and installations, the construction and 
development of stations, including interconnections, as well as the acquisition of rolling stock, designed to run 
the said infrastructure, its maintenance and renewal. To this end, the Société des grands projets may acquire, if 
necessary by expropriation or preemption, assets of all kind, movable or immovable, necessary for the 
establishment and operation of the Grand Paris public transport network's infrastructure.  
The Issuer is the project owner for investment projects involving the construction of infrastructure for the Grand 
Paris Express. Île-de-France Mobilités, in its capacity as mobility organising authority, is involved in the 
preparation of all documents drawn up by the project owner for the implementation of these investment projects.  
The Issuer may decide to delegate project management for certain operations.  
Once the infrastructure has been built, the Grand Paris Law states that "the components of the lines, structures 
and facilities, as well as the stations, including interconnection stations, mentioned in paragraph II of Article 7 
of the Grand Paris Law with the exception of those resulting from missions carried out under Article 20-3 of the 
Grand Paris Law are, after being received by the project owner, entrusted to the Régie autonome des transports 
parisiens, which is responsible for their technical management [...]. The public entity Société des grands projets 
is the owner of these lines, structures and facilities, as well as the stations, including interconnection stations, 
that it builds, until it is dissolved". With regard to the rolling stock designed to run on the infrastructure making 
up the Grand Paris Express, the Grand Paris Law provides for full ownership to be transferred to Île-de-France 
Mobilités once the project owner has taken delivery of the rolling stock.  
The persons designated as managers of these lines, structures and facilities, as well as the stations, including 
interconnection stations, are subrogated to the rights and obligations of the Issuer to the extent necessary for the 
exercise of their powers as infrastructure managers. An agreement between the parties establishes the rights and 
obligations concerned.  
2.1.2 Complementary missions: participation in infrastructure projects for other public passenger transport 
networks

--- Page 33 ---
3038001072 
31 
In addition to its primary mission of building the Grand Paris Express, the Issuer can participate in infrastructure 
projects for other public passenger transport networks as provided by title III bis of the Grand Paris Law. 
(i) 
Financing projects to create, extend, improve or modernise certain infrastructures that provide at least one 
link with the Grand Paris public transport network 
The Grand Paris Law allows the Issuer to finance projects to create, extend, improve or modernise infrastructure 
that provides at least one connection with the Grand Paris public transport network, when it belongs to one of the 
following networks: 
- metro network used for urban public passenger transport in the Île-de-France region; 
- regional express network; 
- national rail network in the Île-de-France region used by regular public passenger transport services covered by 
Article L.1241-1 of the French Code des transports. 
As such, the Société des grands projets participates in the modernisation and extension of existing transport 
networks, such as the ones managed by Île-de-France Mobilités, and their connection with the Grand Paris 
Express. 
The Grand Paris Law also enables the Issuer to contribute to the financing of studies for transit hubs and, within 
a 300-meter radius around stations, to the construction of intermodal facilities and the development of roads and 
other networks in these hubs, to help serve stations built under its project management. 
(ii) Project ownership for projects that create or extend infrastructure on the metropolitan network used for 
urban public passenger transport in the Île-de-France region, involving at least one connection with the 
Grand Paris Express 
The Grand Paris Law allows the Issuer to be appointed project manager for projects which create or extend 
infrastructure for the Île-de-France urban public passenger transport network, involving at least one connection 
with the the Grand Paris Express (excluding the operations defined in the second paragraph of Article L.1241-4 
of the French Code des transports). 
After being received by the project owner, the components of the lines, structures and facilities, as well as the 
stations, including interconnection stations are entrusted to the Régie autonome des transports parisiens (the 
“RATP”), which is responsible for their technical management. The Issuer retains ownership of these lines, 
structures and facilities, as well as the stations, including interconnection stations until it is dissolved.  
(iii) New missions of the Issuer: participating to the development, management and financing of SERMs 
A new Article 20-3 has been introduced into the Grand Paris Law to enable the Issuer to participate in the 
development of SERMs mentioned in Article L.1215-6 of the French Code des transports and to be appointed 
project owner of such SERMs.  
The Grand Paris Law defines a new scope of intervention for the Issuer as project owner, namely: 
- 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries may participate in drawing up proposals for the SERMs, by decision of the 
minister of transport, at the request of the region and the competent authorities for the organisation of mobility 
contributing to the financing of this service, jointly with SNCF Réseau and its subsidiary mentioned in 
paragraph 5° of Article L.2111-9 of the French Code des transports for the infrastructures and works 
mentioned in paragraphs (i) and (ii) below; and  
 
- 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries may be appointed as project owner for the transport infrastructure required to 
implement the SERMs and located within the perimeter of these services, in the following cases and under 
certain conditions: 
 
(i) by order of the minister of transport, at the request of the region and the relevant authorities responsible 
for organising mobility, for new infrastructure on the national rail network and new multimodal 
interchange hubs and passenger stations, including those connected to an existing station. It excludes

--- Page 34 ---
3038001072 
32 
works relating to infrastructure and service facilities in operation, in particular multimodal interchanges 
and passenger stations in operation; 
 
(ii) by order of the minister of transport, at the request of the region and the authorities responsible for 
organising mobility concerned, for railway lines or sections of railway line that have not been used, 
except on an occasional basis, by freight or passenger transport services during the five previous years; 
 
(iii) by local authorities or their competent groupings, for projects to create or extend urban or suburban public 
passenger transport infrastructure providing at least one connection with one of the public transport lines 
of the SEMR;  
 
(iv) by local authorities or their competent groupings, for new maintenance workshops for railway rolling 
stock;  
 
(v) by local authorities or their competent groupings, for railway lines whose ownership or management has 
been transferred to them. 
 
 
The Grand Paris Law also sets out the procedures for handing over the Issuer’s works to SNCF Réseau. The Grand 
Paris Law notably provides that: 
- 
all types of real estate and movable assets required to carry out the works for which the Issuer is appointed 
as the project owner under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above are acquired by the Issuer or its subsidiaries in the 
name and on behalf of the French State, if necessary by means of expropriation or pre-emption. The same 
applies to the rights and obligations of any kind attached to these assets;  
 
- 
upon completion of the works, the line infrastructures, passenger stations, multimodal interchange hubs as 
well as the property and property rights of all kinds are allocated by the French State, free of charge, to SNCF 
Réseau and its subsidiary mentioned in paragraph 5° of Article L.2111-9 of the French Code des transports, 
which manage them. The lines supporting the infrastructures created are incorporated into the national rail 
network;  
 
- 
when they are no longer necessary for the project owner missions of the Issuer or its subsidiaries, all the rights 
and obligations contracted by the Issuer or its subsidiaries for the creation of the real estate and movable 
assets assigned to SNCF Réseau and its subsidiary mentioned in paragraph 5° of Article L.2111-9 of the 
French Code des transports are transferred respectively to SNCF Réseau and to such subsidiary. However, 
there are several exceptions to this principle of transfer. These are: 
 
- 
the rights and obligations associated with the borrowings entered into to build the relevant assets; 
- 
the rights and obligations relating to employment contracts entered into by the Issuer or its subsidiaries; 
- 
any litigation existing at the date of transfer; 
- 
any claims, disputes, warranties (other than ten-year warranties), out-of-court settlements and legal 
actions brought after the transfer by the co-contractors of the Issuer or its subsidiaries or by their 
subcontractors in respect of legal facts, legal acts or events prior to the transfer which are the 
responsibility of the Issuer or its subsidiaries. 
The Grand Paris Law also provides that the terms and conditions for the Issuer’s involvement in the infrastructures 
mentioned in paragraphs (iii) to (v) above and the conditions for the handover, including free of charge, of the 
works carried out in application of such paragraphs (iii) to (v) are the subject of an agreement between the Issuer 
and the local authorities or their groupings which have appointed the Issuer as project owner. 
When the Issuer creates subsidiaries or acquires holdings in companies, groupings or organisations whose purpose 
is to contribute to the fulfilment of the missions defined above, it may participate in the overall coordination of 
the construction of the infrastructures mentioned above in accordance with certain procedures defined for each 
SERM and under certain conditions.  
According to the Grand Paris Law, the Issuer or its subsidiaries may also participate in the financing of projects 
to create, extend, improve or modernise transport infrastructures falling within the scope of a SERM.

--- Page 35 ---
3038001072 
33 
The Law on SERMs provides for an agreement to be drawn up between SNCF Réseau or its subsidiary and the 
Issuer or its subsidiary mentioned in paragraph 5° of Article L.2111-9 of the French Code des transports when 
the project management of infrastructure necessary for the implementation of SERMs is entrusted to the Issuer or 
its subsidiaries pursuant to Article 20-3 of the Grand Paris Law by the minister responsible for transport. 
2.1.3 Other missions and actions of the Issuer 
In addition, and without prejudice to the powers of Île-de-France Mobilités, the Issuer is responsible for ensuring 
a coherent network of surface transport services serving the stations of the Grand Paris public transport network. 
The Société des grands projets assists the Prefect (préfet) of the Île-de-France region in the preparation and 
consistency of territorial development contracts around which the Grand Paris Express must be structured.  
It may also carry out property development programmes and participate, directly or indirectly, to town planning 
and the related construction works.  
More generally, the Société des grands projets may be entrusted by the French State, Île-de-France Mobilités 
(formerly the Syndicat des transports d’Ile-de-France (STIF)) or local authorities with any general interest 
mission complementary or related to the missions previously mentioned.  
In addition, the Société des grands projets may manage high speed electronic communication networks for use in 
the infrastructures of the Grand Paris Express, produce renewable energy in such infrastructures. It may also 
produce renewable or recycled energy from heat sources located within the infrastructure of the Grand Paris public 
transport network, or within public transport infrastructure built under its project management and acquire stakes 
in entities which may help it carrying out its missions. 
Finally, it may also enter into cooperation or mandates agreements, whether free of charge or against payment, 
with public establishments of the French State, the purpose of which is to implement procedures for the 
recruitment, management and remuneration of its staff, as well as to implement procedures for the award of 
contracts with public or private economic operators to meet its needs in terms of supplies, works or services. 
 
2.2 Operations 
2.2.1     Presentation of the Grand Paris Express 
Grand Paris is an urban, social, and economic development project which brings together the Grand Paris Region’s 
strategic areas with Paris at the heart of the Grand Paris area. This major infrastructure project will modernise the 
existing transport network and create a new automated metro system, the Grand Paris Express. The ambitious 
public transport network will service remote suburbs as well as economic development hubs such as the Paris-
Saclay research-intensive and business cluster and will thus significantly shorten commuting time for thousands 
of people every day. 
The Grand Paris Express project comprises 68 new stations, 4 additional lines (15, 16, 17, 18) as well as the 
extension of the existing line 14 to the South, from Olympiades to Orly, and to the North from Mairie de Saint-
Ouen to Saint-Denis Pleyel, representing 200 km of new railway lines. It is estimated that 2 million passengers 
will be using the Grand Paris Express every day.  
Construction work  
Construction work began mid-June 2016 and is due to last until 2030. In total, the Société des grands projets 
expects to spend nearly 36.1 billion euros (with the 2012's economical conditions) for the construction of this new 
metro, including a provisions for risks and contingencies. Major excavation works is necessary in order to dig the 
new lines which are expected to be located at 30 to 50 metres below the surface.  
New train stations 
In addition to their function as a gateway to the new transport network, the train stations of the Grand Paris Express 
will help to boost the development of the areas they serve and will act as places to commute, shop, live and work.

--- Page 36 ---
3038001072 
34 
The ambition is to create a new generation of stations which are welcoming, accessible, safe, intermodal, digital, 
lively and practical. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the chart showing the new metro lines of the Grand Paris Express, and the 
timetable for the opening of these lines, is as follows: 
  
 
 
A springboard to the rest of the world 
The Grand Paris hub aims to be a springboard to the rest of the French territory, Europe and the rest of the world. 
It will connect: 
- 
3 leading European airports: 
o 
Roissy (North-Est of Paris) and its three terminals (or four terminals in the future) – for 
commercial flights and freight traffic, 
o 
Orly (South of Paris) – for commercial flights and freight traffic, and 
o 
Le Bourget – business airport, 
- 
high-speed trains offering connections to the whole of Europe; and 
- 
the river Seine offering access to maritime transport. 
2.2.2     Modernisation of the existing network 
In parallel, the Société des grands projets is expected to contribute approximately 3.5 billion euros to the 
organisation of the Île-de-France transport network, which would namely finance the extension of lines 14 and

--- Page 37 ---
3038001072 
35 
11, the extension of the RER E to the West, the organisation of RER A, B, C and D, as well as the adaptation of 
the existing networks, including the construction of interconnections and developments around the stations.  
2.2.3     A project with growth potential and attractivity factor 
Environmental benefits 
The Grand Paris Express participates in the establishment of a sustainable city, in line with the aims of the 
international convention on climate signed during the COP21 convention. The ring road layout limits urban 
spreading and favours a controlled development of the city. The new metro will encourage the shift from the car 
to public transport and the development of walking, cycling and all other “soft” transportation means.  
Productivity and competitivity gains 
The new metro will reinforce productivity and competitivity of Île-de-France companies through two distinct 
mechanisms: (i) productivity of companies increases with densification of employment, and (ii) workers’ skills 
and productivity progress faster in a high-productivity environment. In addition, the very high-power optic fibre 
network deployed along the 200km route will provide an opportunity and may be considered as an attractivity 
factor for companies located in the municipalities crossed by the Grand Paris Express.  
2.2.4     Agreements and main public procurements contracts 
As the owner of the Grand Paris Express network, the Société des grands projets is in charge of attributing public 
procurement contracts for the companies who will be in charge of the design and delivery of the Grand Paris 
Express. These public procurement contracts are in particular subject to the French Code de la commande 
publique. 
2.2.5     Organisation and operations of the public transportation network in the Île-de-France region 
Transportation in the Île-de-France region is organised by a public authority entitled Île-de-France Mobilités 
(formerly known as the Syndicat des Transports d’Ile-de-France (STIF)), which is in particular in charge of 
appointing operators of the transportation networks and of organising any changes in the transportation provisions, 
including in relation to the bus network and existing stations, in the context of the implementation of the Grand 
Paris Express project. 
The operators of the metro lines of the Grand Paris Express will be appointed by Île-de-France Mobilités pursuant 
to a tender procedure, and will operate the network under a public service delegation contract. 
In addition, Île-de-France Mobilités will be the owner of the rolling stock of the Grand Paris Express, as well as 
of the complementary networks and other transport projects that connect to the Grand Paris Express. More 
precisely, in respect of the rolling stock, Île-de-France Mobilités will be the owner after transfer by the Société 
des grands projets (the operational responsibility for maintenance of the rolling stock will be given to the transport 
operators). Île-de-France Mobilités is responsible for and finances the maintenance and renewal of the rolling 
stock and Île-de-France Mobilités appoints the transport operators in respect of the rolling stock. 
3. 
Funding and Expenditure  
3.1         Rules relating to the Grand Paris Express  
The Grand Paris Express project, as well as contributions to other projects financed by the Société des grands 
projets, benefit from a unique financing scheme governed by Article 9 of the Grand Paris Law.  
As further detailed below, the financing model for the Grand Paris Express is essentially based on (i) a recourse 
to borrowings and (ii) several taxes allocated to the Issuer to enable the repayment of such borrowings.  
3.1.1 Taxes allocated to the Issuer 
In addition to subsidies granted by the European Union and by the French State (in particular, under the investment 
programmes for the future), the Société des grands projets benefits from the allocation by the French State of

--- Page 38 ---
3038001072 
36 
revenues under the following five taxes, representing over 775 million euros per year (more precisely 776 million 
euros for the financial year 2022 and about 847 million euros for the financial year 2023): 
(i) 
a component of the flat rate annual tax on network companies (imposition forfaitaire sur les entreprises 
de réseaux) (“IFER”); 
(ii) 
a special equipment tax (taxe spéciale d'équipement) (“TSE”), levied annually on individuals and 
companies owning lands and buildings in the area of the Île-de-France region; 
(iii) 
a fraction of the annual tax levied on office spaces, commercial premises, storage facilities and annexed 
parking spaces (taxe annuelle sur les locaux à usage de bureaux, les locaux commerciaux, les locaux de 
stockage et les surfaces de stationnement annexées à ces locaux) (“TSB”) located in the area of the Île-
de-France region; 
(iv) 
an additional tax to the tourist local tax (taxe additionnelle à la taxe de séjour) (“TATS”), payable for 
each tourist stay in an accommodation located in the Île-de-France region ; and 
(v) 
an annual tax on parking slots (taxe sur les surfaces de stationnement) (“TSS”) located in the Île-de-
France region. 
 
Still in a logic of increasing and securing the revenue, the French Loi de finances pour 2024 n°2023-1322 dated 
29 december 2023 raised substantially the total maximum amount of attributed taxes, putting the ceiling at 
914.1 M€, instead of 855.1 M€ the year before. The maximal amount of TSB attributed to the Société des grands 
projets is key in this increase (as every year, rates applicable to the different zones of the TSB have been updated, 
light increase), with the IFER tax. While the maximal amount of special equipment tax (TSE) attributed to the 
Société des grands projets remains unchanged, the amounts of the TATS and the TSS taxes are slightly lowered. 
The new Grand Paris Law provides that the proceeds of taxes of all kinds allocated to the Issuer on the date of 
promulgation of the Law on SERMs, are to be used exclusively by the Société des grands projets for expenses 
incurred in carrying out its missions in Île-de-France, including those incurred in contracting, remunerating and 
reimbursing the indebtedness financing such missions, in proportion to their use for this purpose 
 
3.1.2 Reporting and Golden Rule  
Reporting and Golden Rule (as defined below) requirements which were previously implemented since, and in 
compliance with, the finance act n°2018-1317 of 28 December 2018 for 2019 have been amended and are now 
included in the Grand Paris Law.  
Prior to the 1st October of each year, the French Government shall submit to the French Parliament a report on the 
evolution of the spending and on the financial and human resources of the Issuer (the “Report”).  
As part of the missions of the Issuer in Île-de-France, this Report shall provide details of the anticipated costs of 
the project, the taxes of all kinds allocated to the Issuer and capped as well as the outstanding amount of 
indebtedness of the Issuer. The report shall also set out the measures implemented to ensure that this amount does 
not exceed a cap of €39 billion, report on the use by the Issuer of loans entered into with the European Investment 
Bank and loans from the savings funds of the Caisse des dépôts et consignations and present changes in the Issuer's 
own workforce. 
Article 20-4 (III) of the Grand Paris Law also incorporates into the Grand Paris Law the golden rule laid down in 
the finance act n°2018-1317 of 28 December 2018 for 2019. Accordingly, any additional contribution by the 
Issuer in the creation, extension, improvement and modernisation of infrastructure that provides at least one 
connection with the Grand Paris Express, in accordance with Article 20-1 of the Grand Paris Law, will be subject 
to an increase in the resources of the Issuer by the same amount in order to guarantee the strict neutrality with 
regard to the pluri-annual financial balance of the Société des grands projets (the “Golden Rule”).  
3.1.3 Recourse to debt financing 
The new metro also relies on debt financing through credit institutions and recourse to the capital markets. 
The Grand Paris Law specifies that notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Issuer may enter into loans 
and issue debt securities, including loans and debt securities with a term of more than twelve months and that the 
proceeds of such borrowings are allocated to expenses relating to the execution of its missions.

--- Page 39 ---
3038001072 
37 
As of 31 December 2023, contracts have been concluded with the Caisse des dépôts et consignations for 1 billion 
euros (but not yet drawn) and with the European Investment Bank for an amount of 3.5 billion euros (including 
2.5 billions euros already drawn). In addition, the Société des grands projets established in February 2018 a €3 
billion NEU CP programme which will provide short term financing. The Société des grands projets’ debt is 100% 
consolidated into France’s public debt and securities issued by the Société des grands projets are eligible to the 
European Public Sector Purchase Programme (PSPP). 
The Grand Paris Express project will allow the improvement of current transport conditions in Paris as well as 
prepare those of future generations. Such debt financing offers the possibility of concentrating the construction of 
the network in as short time as possible while allowing financing, and thus contribution efforts, to be spread over 
several decades.  
3.1.4 Other resources 
In addition to the assigned tax revenues and the above mentioned debt financings, the Société des grands projets 
will be able to rely on user charges (tolls), as soon as the network is put into operation and benefits, notably, of 
additional resources as per Article 9 of the Grand Paris Law. It will also be able to derive additional revenue from 
commercial operation of the infrastructure network (optical fibre in tunnels etc.). 
3.2         Expenditure in 2023  
In 2023, the expenditures of Société des grands projets amounted to €4.5 billion. 
As of 31 December 2023, the cumulative expenditures of Société des grands projets since its creation reached 
€24.5 billion. The pace of expenditure growth has been accelerating since 2017 and reflects the increasing work 
across all lines of the Grand Paris Express. The 2024 budget of Société des grands projets, which amounts to €5.7 
billion, reflects the increased significance of the project, particularly on lines 15 East and 15 West. 
3.3         Rules relating to the financing of the SERMs by the Société des grands projets 
New rules with respect to the financing of SERMs have been included in the Grand Paris Law.  
As specified in paragraph 2.1.2 (iii) above, the Issuer or its subsidiaries may participate in the financing of projects 
to create, extend, improve or modernise transport infrastructures falling within the scope of a SERM. The Grand 
Paris Law provides that when the Issuer or its subsidiaries participate in the financing of such projects, the Issuer 
or its subsidiaries ensure compliance with the cost objectives and timetable of the projects they finance. 
Besides, in accordance with the new Article 20-4 of the Grand Paris Law, the Report referred to in paragraph 3.1.2 
above shall also, as part of the missions of the Issuer relating to the projects of SERMs and for each of them, 
describe the financial exposure of the Issuer and the compliance with the deadline for reimbursement of any 
indebtedness of the Issuer or its subsidiaries in respect of these projects, no later than fifty years after they are 
brought into service, taking into account the corresponding additional income and revenue. Where appropriate, it 
will present the measures implemented to ensure that the deadline is met. The Report will also describe the 
capacity of the Issuer to manage the SERMs’ projects with respect to its workforce and the use of external service 
providers.  
The revenues allocated to the missions of the Société des grands projets in Île-de-France cannot be used to future 
SERMs projects. To date, the practical and financial terms and consequences of the Société des grands projets’ 
involvement remain to be defined. They will be determined at the end of a multi-annual decision-making process. 
Hence, potential investments under the SERMs fall outside the scope of the GPE Green Financing Framework, 
and this will remain the case until any potential review or update of such framework. As a result, the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme, as well as all prior green bond issuances, are exclusively dedicated to the Grand 
Paris Express project. 
4. 
Ownership and subsidiaries  
As an EPIC, the Société des grands projets is an instrumentality of the French State and does not have any 
shareholders. The Société des grands projets is distinct from the French State: French law provides that it has its 
own legal personality and enjoys financial autonomy. The Société des grands projets is however subject to the 
economic and financial control of the French State. In addition, the Société des grands projets is not independent

--- Page 40 ---
3038001072 
38 
from the French government, as it is placed under the joint authority of the minister in charge of the development 
of the capital region, of the minister for economic affairs, of the minister of transport and of the minister for urban 
development.  
The Issuer has two fully owned subsidiaries: Société du Grand Paris Immobilier that takes part in the development 
of real estate projects by partnering with promoters and SGP développement which aims at enhancing the Issuer's 
intangible assets. 
5. 
Governance  
Management of the Société des grands projets is ensured by a management board (Directoire) (the "Management 
Board"), which exercises its functions under the control of a supervisory board (Conseil de surveillance) (the 
"Supervisory Board"). In addition, a strategic committee, composed of 154 members as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, is established by the Decree.  
5.1 Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board exercises a continuing monitoring of the day to day management by the Management 
Board of the Société des grands projets. It is made up of 21 members including 11 French State representatives 
and a mayor of a municipality in the Île-de-France region or a president of a public establishment for inter-
municipal cooperation in the Île-de-France region, appointed by decree for a renewable five-year term and the 
presidents of the region and of the departments of Île-de-France.  
The Supervisory Board’s responsibilities include deliberating on the Société des grands projets' general policy 
guidelines, its financial statements and its development or construction operations programmes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the composition of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer is the following: 
Member 
Address 
Principal outside functions 
1. Elected representatives 
Mr Karim Bouamrane  
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
 
City Hall of Saint-Ouen-sur-
Seine 
7 place de la République 
93406, Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine 
France 
 
- Mayor of Saint-Ouen-Sur-Seine; 
- local councillor the public establishment 
for inter-municipal cooperation “Plaine 
Commune”; and 
- 3rd Vice-president of the Departmental 
Council of Seine-Saint-Denis. 
Mrs Valérie Pécresse 
 
Regional council of Île-de-
France 
2, rue Simone Veil 
93400 Saint-Ouen 
France  
 
- President of the regional council of Ile-de-
France; 
- Chairman of the administrative board of 
Île-de-France Mobilités; 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment “Aménagement Paris-
Saclay” (EPAPS); 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment “Foncier d'Île-de-
France” (EPFIF);  
- Chairman of the administrative board of 
public 
establishment 
“Grand 
Paris 
Aménagement” (GPA);  
- Member of the administrative board of the

--- Page 41 ---
3038001072 
39 
public establishment “Olympic Works 
Delivery Company” (SOLIDEO); and 
- Member of the administrative council of 
Aéroport de Paris (non-voting member). 
Mrs Anne Hidalgo 
 
City Hall of Paris 
4, rue Lobau 
75004 Paris 
France 
 - Mayor of Paris; 
 - President of the departmental council of 
Paris; 
- 
President 
of 
the 
Guidance 
and 
Supervisory 
Council 
of 
the 
public 
establishment “Crédit Municipal de Paris”; 
- Member of the association “Atelier 
Parisien d'Urbanisme” (APUR); 
- Member of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Olympic Works 
Delivery Company” (SOLIDEO);  
- Vice-president of the Greater Paris 
Metropolis; and 
- President of the supervisory board of 
Public Assistance - Hospitals of Paris. 
Mr Georges Siffredi 
57, rue des Longues Raies  
92700 Nanterre Cedex 
France  
- President of the Departmental Council of 
Hauts de Seine; 
- Président of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Aménagement de 
la Défense Seine Arche” (EPADESA); 
- Membrer of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Aménagement 
Paris-La Défense; 
- Vice president of the territorial public 
establishment “Vallée Sud Grand Paris”; 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment “Olympic Works 
Delivery Company” (SOLIDEO);  
- Vice-president of the the Greater Paris 
Metropolis; and 
- Vice-President of the administrative board 
of the public establishment “Foncier d'Île-
de-France” (EPFIF). 
Mr Stéphane Troussel 
 
124, rue Carnot BP 193 
93006 Bobigny Cedex 
France  
 
- President of the Departmental Council of 
Seine-Saint-Denis; 
- President of the administrative board of 
Public Housing office "Seine-Saint-Denis 
Habitat"; 
- Member of the association “Bruitparif”;

--- Page 42 ---
3038001072 
40 
- President of the administrative board of 
the mixed economy company “Plaine 
Commune Développement”;  
- local councillor the public establishment 
for inter-municipal cooperation “Plaine 
Commune”; 
- Member of the Management Board of the 
Etablissement 
Public 
Grand 
Paris 
Aménagement;  
- Member of the administrative board of the 
“Olympic Works Delivery Company” 
(SOLIDEO);  
- Member of Pact Arim 93; and  
- Member of the public establishment 
“Fonds national des aides à la pierre” 
(FNAP). 
Mr Jean-François Parigi  
12, rue des Saints Pères 
77010 Melun Cedex 
France 
 
- President of the departmental council of 
Seine-et-Marne; 
-Member of the administrative board of 
EPAMarne; and 
- Member of the administrative board of 
EPAFrance. 
Mr Pierre Bedier 
 
2, place André Mignot 
78012 Versailles Cedex 
France 
 
- President of the departmental council of 
Yvelines; 
- Member of the association “Bruitparif”; 
- Président of the public establishment 
“Aménagement du Mantois Seine Aval”; 
and 
- Member of the general assembly of 
Versailles Baroque Music Center.  
Mr François Durovray 
 
Boulevard de France, 
91012 Evry Cedex 
France 
 
- President of the departmental council of 
Essonne;  
- Agency for the economy in Essonne;  
- Member of the Management Board of the 
public 
establishment 
“Paris-Saclay” 
(EPAPS); 
- Member of the administrative board of 
Île-de-France Mobilités; 
- Member of the association “Bruitparif”; 
and 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
“Agence de financement des infrastructures 
de transport de France” (AFITF).

--- Page 43 ---
3038001072 
41 
Mr Olivier Capitanio  
21, avenue du Général de 
Gaulle Bureau 502 
94000 Creteil 
France  
 
- President of the departmental council of 
Val-de-Marne;  
- Member of the administrative board of 
“Orbival”; 
- Member of the administrative board of 
“Bruitparif”;  
- Member of the administrative board of 
“EPAMarne”; 
- Member of the administrative board of 
“EPA Paris Est Marne et Bois”; and 
- Member of the administrative board of 
“EPA ORSA” (Orly-Rungis-Seine-Amont. 
Mrs Marie-Christine Cavecchi 
 
Val d’Oise 
2, avenue du Parc 
95032 Cergy Pontoise Cedex 
France  
- President of the department council of Val 
d'Oise;  
- President of the Departmental fire and 
rescue service;  
- Member of the association “Bruitparif”; 
and 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment “Foncier d'Île-de-
France” (EPFIF). 
 
 
2. State Representatives 
Mr Thierry Coquil 
Vice 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Supervisory Board 
 
Tour Séquoia 
92055 Paris La Défense 
France  
- General Director of infrastructure, 
transport and mobilities;  
  
Mr Stéphan de Faÿ 
 
11 Rue de Cambrai,  
75019 Paris France  
- General director of of the public 
establishment 
public 
“Grand 
Paris 
Aménagement”; and 
- Member of the associations Choose Paris 
Region et Paris Capitale Economique. 
Mr Jean Bensaid 
 
Ministry of the Economy, 
Finance and the Recovery 
139, rue Bercy 
75572 Paris Cedex 12 
France  
- Director General of mission support for 
infrastructure 
financing, 
Directorate 
General of the Treasury (Fininfra); 
- Member of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Aménagement de 
Paris la Défense”;  
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment public “Grand Paris 
Aménagement”; and

--- Page 44 ---
3038001072 
42 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public establishment “Olympic Works 
Delivery Company” (SOLIDEO). 
Mrs Emmanuelle Gay 
 
DRIEA 
21/23, rue Miollis 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
- Regional and Interdepartmental Director 
of Equipment and Development for the 
Region Ile-de-France;  
- Member of the administrative board of the 
Paris-Saclay 
public 
development 
establishment, state representative; 
- Member of the administrative board of 
“Régie 
Autonome 
des 
Transports 
Parisiens” (RATP);  
- Member of the administrative board of 
”Port Autonome de Paris”;  
- Member of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Grand Paris 
Aménagement”;  
- Member of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Foncier d'Île-de-
France” (EPFIF); and 
- Member of administrative board of the 
“Olympic Works Delivery Company” 
(SOLIDEO);  
Mr Emmanuel de Lanversin 
 
DHUP 
Tour Séquoia 
1, place Carpeaux 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
- Deputy Director of Housing, Urban 
Planning and Landscapes;  
- Member of the Management Board of the 
public establishment “Aménagement Paris-
Saclay” (EPAPS); 
- Member of the administrative board of of 
the National Institute of Geographic and 
Forest Information; and 
- Member of the administrative board of the 
public 
establishment 
“Aménagement 
Bordeaux-Euratlantique”. 
Mrs Hélène Fernandez 
 
 
Ministry of culture 
182, rue Saint-Honoré 
75001 Paris 
France  
- Director in charge of architecture; 
 
Mrs Agnès Reinier 
National 
Agency 
for 
Territorial Cohesion,  
20, avenue de Ségur 
75007 Paris  
France  
- Delegate Director of the National Agency 
for Territorial Cohesion; and 
- Member of the administrative council of 
the public establishment “Grand Paris 
Aménagement”.

--- Page 45 ---
3038001072 
43 
Mrs Cécile Raquin  
DGCL 
2, place des Saussaies 
75008 Paris 
France  
- 
General 
Director 
of 
territorial 
collectivites. 
Mr Matthieu Blet 
DGCL 
2, place des Saussaies 
75008 Paris 
France  
- Head of the Strategy, Contracting and 
Evaluation Office. 
Mrs Béatrice Bellier-Ganiere 
DIE 
139, rue de Bercy 
75012 Paris 
France 
Deputy director of the State Real Estate 
Office, Head of the Service. 
Mr Thomas Espeillac 
Budget directorate of the 4th 
sub-directorate 
139, rue de Bercy 
75012 Paris 
France 
 
- Deputy director (4th sub-directorate) of 
budget. 
3. Non-voting Supervisory council members 
Mr Marc Guillaume  
LE PONANT 
5, rue Leblanc 
75015 Paris 
France  
- Prefect of the Region Ile-de-France;  
- Prefect of Paris; and  
- Government Commissioner. 
Mr Philippe Dupuis 
1-7, place aux Etoiles 
93212 la Plaine St Denis 
Cedex  
France 
- Inspector General of Finances; and 
- Economic and financial controller.  
Mr Jean-François Monteils 
2, mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis 
France  
- President of the Management Board of the 
Issuer. 
Mr Bernard Cathelain 
2, mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis 
- Member of the Management Board of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 46 ---
3038001072 
44 
France  
Mr Frédéric Brédillot 
2, mail de la petite Espagne,  
CS10011, 93212 La Plaine St 
Denis 
France 
- Member of the Management Board of the 
Issuer. 
 
5.2 Management Board 
The Management Board is responsible for running the Société des grands projets, under the supervision of the 
Supervisory Board. It is composed of three members appointed for a renewable five-year term: 
• 
Mr Jean-François Monteils, Chairman of the Management Board  
• 
Mr Bernard Cathelain, Member of the Management Board  
• 
Mr Frédéric Brédillot, Member of the Management Board 
The addresses of the members of the Management Board are stated in the table above. 
5.3 Strategic Committee 
The Strategic Committee is the Société des grands projets' forum for discussion, proposals and continuing 
consultation. It issues opinions and proposals to the Supervisory Board relating to the implementation of Grand 
Paris Express network.  
It currently comprises 154 members who represent the municipalities through which Grand Paris Express network 
will run, 4 Members of Parliament and representatives of socio-economic stakeholders.  
It acts as a think tank and discussion forum for elected representatives from the Île-de-France communities and 
the Société des grands projets partners. 
5.4 Creation of an Audit and Commitments Committee  
The deliberation n°2018-18 of the Supervisory Board dated 28 November 2018 created an Audit and 
Commitments Committee. This deliberation aims at replacing two committees, a Commitments Committee 
created in November 2014 and an Audit Committee created in November 2016, by a single Committee.  
Such a Committee takes over the competences of each former Committee and is, in addition, in charge of the 
monitoring of the budget, accounts and financial management of the entity. This Committee will provide opinions 
and observations to the Supervirsory Board.  
The Audit and Commitments Committee's mission is to:  
- review draft deliberations approving certain investment operations, arrangement and construction programmes 
(and their preliminary assessments) conducted by the entity and draft funding agreements foreseen in Article 20-
1 of the Grand Paris Law;  
- monitor the budget, financial and accounts management of the entity;  
- ensure the relevance, reliability and efficiency of the Audit, internal control and risk management policy in 
relation to all the activities carried out by the Société des grands projets.

--- Page 47 ---
3038001072 
45 
6. 
Litigation 
The Société des grands projets is, and may be, the subject of litigation. In particular, such litigation could lead to 
the suspension of construction work on certain parts of the Grand Paris Express network. This in turn, would 
impact the timetable for the opening of the Grand Paris Express lines.  
 
The Issuer is currently facing three categories of disputes. 
 
Firstly, the various administrative authorisations necessary for the construction of the network or for the daily 
operation of the sites can be challenged before an administrative judge. 
 
A litigation over the prefectoral decision prior to compulsory expropriation of two plots in Bondy  concerns the 
order approving the Public utility declarations of Line 15 East (Saint-Denis Pleyel – Champigny Centre) and other 
litigations include two stations building permits (Triangle de Gonesse and Pont de Sèvres).  
 
Secondly, the works related to the Grand Paris Express (or to other missions of the Issuer, as the case may be), 
can lead to claims for compensatory damages, either because of accidental damage, or because of noise or 
vibratory nuisances generated by the works. Several bodies claims have been filed on this basis for an amount to 
be specified, mainly due to expertise. 
 
Thirdly and finally, the Issuer is exposed to litigation risks regarding its procurement and contracting activities. 
These disputes can be initiated by candidates who are ousted during the contract bidding phase. All of them have 
been successfully rejected by the courts so far. None is still pending. They can also occur during or after the 
performance of the contract and relate either to financial claims from the co-contractor or the Issuer, or to 
workmanship. All those claims have been settled through negotiation or are still under discussion and none of 
those claims has been submitted to the courts so far. However, following a rejection by the courts during the 
contract bidding phase two litigations for damages have been submitted by the same candidates to the courts so 
far: one has been lost and the court hearing of the other one is scheduled soon. Besides two litigations related to 
the financial performance of the contract (collection of road rights/ payment of a subcontractor) have been 
resolved, the first one litigation by the conclusion of a deal after a mediation and by the discontinuance of the 
proceeding and the second one by the declaration of the incompetency of the judicial jurisdiction. Finally, 
voluntary examinations linked to a financial litigation as part of an agreement have been submitted to the courts. 
 
7. 
Continuity of the agreements 
The Law on SERMs states that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the provisions of such law 
amending the missions and the name of Société du Grand Paris are automatically enforceable against third parties 
by operation of law (opposables de plein droit), without the need for any agreement or formality. Such provisions 
do not entail the termination of any existing contracts entered into by Société du Grand Paris, nor the modification 
of any of their clauses, nor, as the case may be, the early redemption of the bonds or other debt or financing 
securities to which such existing contracts relate.  
8. 
Financial Information 
The Issuer's financial statements are drawn up in accordance with the accounting rules and principles applicable 
to public entities of an industrial and commercial nature, which are different from the accounting rules and 
principles applicable to private companies. The Issuer does not prepare half yearly financial statements. 
In particular, the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Title I and III of the decree n°2012-1246 of 7 November 
2012 relating to public budget and accounting management, as amended. In this respect, the Société des grands 
projets has a public accountant with sole authority to handle public funds, and who can be held personally and 
financially responsible for its scrutiny of revenue, expenditure and assets.

--- Page 48 ---
3038001072 
46 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Financial net debt and Funding and reserves: 
Financial net debt: 
The financial net debt (“Total des dettes financières” minus “Total Trésorerie”) of the Issuer amounted to 
€17,306,715,805 as at 30 April 2024 as compared to €16,664,907,276 as at 31 December 2023. 
Funding and reserves: 
The sum of the amounts of the funding received and reserves (“Financements reçus” and “Réserves”) of the Issuer 
amounted to €990,652,469 as at 30 April 2024 as compared to €1,142,214,791 as at 31 December 2023. 
Bonds issue: 
On 13 February 2024, the Issuer issued €1,000,000,000 3.500 per cent. Notes due 25 June 2049.

--- Page 49 ---
3038001072 
47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Société des grands projets (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final Terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final Terms"). 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 29 May 2024 has been entered into between the Issuer, 
UPTEVIA, as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, 
as 
amended 
and 
as 
listed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
References below to “day” or “days” are to a calendar day or to calendar days, respectively. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et 
seq. and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France", acting as central depository) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined below), or in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in either 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent").

--- Page 50 ---
3038001072 
48 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at 
any time request from the central depositary the following identification information 
of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, 
as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of 
them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts 
on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
as operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, where appropriate, a 
talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the Code, securities (such 
as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form must be 
issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication 
of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the 
issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency (as defined below).  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass 
by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and 
the Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to

--- Page 51 ---
3038001072 
49 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not 
be converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status of Notes 
Notes and, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured (subject to Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of 
the Issuer. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create any 
security interest (sûreté réelle) over the whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues to 
secure any indebtedness represented by bonds, notes or other debt securities (obligations or titres de 
créance négociables) issued by the Issuer without at the same time according to the outstanding Notes 
and Coupons the same security interest on a pari passu basis. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
indebtedness does not include indebtedness for borrowed monies arising under loan agreements or credit 
facility agreements. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest, in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations), on its 
outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
3038001072 
50 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and each Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms and the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the Final Terms; 
and 
(3) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
3038001072 
51 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable)", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
"Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on 
the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), be either (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 5(C) 
(1)(x) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 5(C)(1)(y) applies and fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in 
each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference

--- Page 54 ---
3038001072 
52 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(3) 
if paragraph 5(C)(2) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(4) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being €STR, the €STR rate of interest determination 
method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “€STR Rate 
of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR 
Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 55 ---
3038001072 
53 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(4): 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business 
Day falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
€STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day 
“i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of 
calendar days from, and including, the relevant TARGET 
Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;  
“Observation Look-Back Period” means the period 
specified in the Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of TARGET Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the

--- Page 56 ---
3038001072 
54 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of 
TARGET Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR in 
respect of that TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from (and including) the first TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last TARGET Business Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling a number of TARGET Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of TARGET Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business 
Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of 
the European Central Bank (as defined below). 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and 
an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then the rate 
of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or 
after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for 
each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on or after the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an

--- Page 57 ---
3038001072 
55 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above (the “€STR 
Replacement Rate”), will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes and shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate of 
Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the 
rate of €STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day occurring on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references 
to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR; or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB 
Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if the rate of 
€STR for each relevant TARGET Business Day on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published €STR (though, in each case, substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined 
on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(4), 
including 
any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
(i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be 
made in the Calculation Agent's (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.

--- Page 58 ---
3038001072 
56 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(4), if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), no €STR Replacement Rate 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other independent 
party with appropriate expertise and/or international repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(4): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads 
or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate 
may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such 
other independent party with appropriate expertise and/or 
international repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended 
Rate, 
a 
resolution 
authority 
with 
jurisdiction 
over 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement 
or 
publication, 
there 
is 
no 
successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate;

--- Page 59 ---
3038001072 
57 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms); 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) No. 2019/1265 of 
the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term 
rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits 
with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) 
as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each 
of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 
thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding 
the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event occurred; 
 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other 
independent party with appropriate expertise and/or international 
repute responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will

--- Page 60 ---
3038001072 
58 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which 
states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party 
with appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank.  
(5) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SOFR Benchmark, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be equal to 
the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date.  
The “SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple 
SOFR Average, Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded SOFR 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of 
Interest Determination”), as follows: 
(x) 
if Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the SOFR Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR 
Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
and where the SOFR reference rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) 
the Interest Period Date.

--- Page 61 ---
3038001072 
59 
(y) 
if Compounded Daily SOFR (“Compounded Daily 
SOFR”) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will be determined, 
the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR 
reference rates for each day during the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (where SOFR Lag, SOFR Payment Delay or 
SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) or the 
SOFR Observation Period (where SOFR Observation Shift 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms to 
determine Compounded Daily SOFR). 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate expertise and/or international repute responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) in accordance with one of the 
formulas referenced below depending upon which is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
SOFR Lag: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 −×𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
is equal to the SOFR reference rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the 
number of Lookback Days prior to that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from 
one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
(each a “U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 62 ---
3038001072 
60 
(ii) SOFR Observation Shift: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period, is equal to the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i); 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days 
prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from 
one to do, representing each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(iii) SOFR Payment Delay: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
is equal to the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i);

--- Page 63 ---
3038001072 
61 
“Interest Payment Date” shall be the number of 
Interest Payment Delay Days following each Interest 
Period Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be 
the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay Days” means the number of 
Business Days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from 
one to do, representing each relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily 
SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period 
where SOFR Payment Delay is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the SOFR reference rate for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, 
shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect of such 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) SOFR Lockout: 
(∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖  × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 =1
−1) × 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
is equal to the SOFR reference rate for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i), except that 
the SOFR for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(i) in respect of the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Accrual Period Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the SOFR reference 
rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date;

--- Page 64 ---
3038001072 
62 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from 
one to do, representing each relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (each a “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(i)”); and 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i), means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(i) up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below 
for purpose of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(x) and 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(y): 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg 
screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor page or service; 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated 
“USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service;  
“SOFR” means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the reference rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) 
 the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the 
SOFR Determination Time as such reference rate is reported 
on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on the 
Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the 
SOFR reference rate shall be the reference rate published on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR 
was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear 
and a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
provisions set forth in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(aa) shall 
apply; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity 
Date or the relevant Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day.

--- Page 65 ---
3038001072 
63 
(z) 
if Compounded SOFR Index (“Compounded SOFR 
Index”) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the compounded average of daily 
SOFR reference rates for each day during the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
as follows: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards and 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the SOFR Index value as 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, provided that:  
(a)     if the value specified above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the “SOFR Index” shall be calculated on 
any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with the 
Compounded Daily SOFR formula described 
above in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(y)(ii) “SOFR 
Observation 
Shift”, 
and 
the 
term 
“SOFR 
Observation Shift Days” shall mean 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; or 
(b) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Date 
have 
occurred, the provisions set forth in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(aa) shall apply; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final 
Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in respect of 
a 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day, 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift

--- Page 66 ---
3038001072 
64 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Interest Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable 
SOFR Observation Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, 
for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date.  
(aa) 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, 
the Alternate Agent will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, 
decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), 
including 
any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, or, as the case may be, 
the Alternate Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercial 
and 
reasonable 
manner; 
and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding 
anything 
to 
the 
contrary 
in 
the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the Noteholders or any other party. 
Notwithstanding 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent, no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent and the Benchmark Replacement will be SOFR 
determined as of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately preceding the Benchmark Replacement 
Date.

--- Page 67 ---
3038001072 
65 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below 
for purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5):  
“Alternate Agent” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial expert with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer;  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided that if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the relevant Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement;  
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) announcing that such administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative or has been or will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences either generally or with respect to 
the Notes; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of:

--- Page 68 ---
3038001072 
66 
(a) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof); and  
(b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of:  
(a) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of:  
(a) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted reference 
rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof) for U.S. dollar-denominated 
Floating Rate Notes at such time; and  
(b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, 
or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof) with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
Floating Rate Notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate 
Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be,

--- Page 69 ---
3038001072 
67 
the Alternate Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determines that 
no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Calculation Agent (or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent) determines is reasonably necessary acting 
in good faith and in a commercial manner); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of 
the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of: 
 (x) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and  
 (y)  the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark (including any daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof) for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is the SOFR Benchmark, 
the SOFR Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or 
Compounded Daily SOFR is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms) or SOFR Index Determination Time (where 
Compounded SOFR Index is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms), or (2) if the Benchmark is not the SOFR Benchmark, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 70 ---
3038001072 
68 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto;  
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(currently, 
being 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-
averages-and-index), or any successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date” means the Benchmark 
Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark;  
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark;  
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
 
(6) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being SONIA, the SONIA rate of interest determination 
method, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate 
of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SONIA Compounded Index Rate or 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as follows:  
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, be the SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate as follows, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(6)(x): 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means with respect 
to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment during the Observation 
Period corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and/or 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards,

--- Page 71 ---
3038001072 
69 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑁𝐷 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑇𝐴𝑅𝑇
 −1) ×  (365
𝑑) 
provided, however, that if the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value is not available in relation to any Interest Accrual 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page for the determination 
of either or both of SONIA Compounded IndexSTART and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for such Interest Accrual Period on the basis 
of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set 
out in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(6)(y) as if SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate with Observation 
Shift had been specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
the “Relevant Screen Page” shall be deemed to be the 
“Relevant Fallback Screen Page” as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms,  
  
 
   where: 
 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from (and including) the date 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation 
Period shall begin on and include the date which is “p” 
London Business Days prior to the Issue Date) and ending 
on (but excluding) the date which is “p” London Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” London Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period the whole 
number specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five London Business Days) 
representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as 
the SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank 
of England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA Compounded Index 
Value on the date falling “p” London Business Days prior 
to (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) in 
the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the date falling “p” London 
Business Days prior to (i) in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period, or (ii) if the Notes become due and payable prior 
to the end of an Interest Accrual Period, the date on which 
the Notes become so due and payable; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means in relation to 
any London Business Day, the value of the SONIA

--- Page 72 ---
3038001072 
70 
Compounded 
Index 
as 
published 
by 
authorised 
distributors on the Relevant Screen Page on such London 
Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index cannot be obtained from such authorised 
distributors, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ 
(or such other page or website as may replace such page 
for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) on such London Business Day. 
(y) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
If SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will be the SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as follows, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other independent party with appropriate expertise 
and/or international repute responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴i × ni
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“London Business Day”, “Observation Period” and “p” 
have 
the 
meanings 
set 
out 
under 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(6)(x);  
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the 
relevant: 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:

--- Page 73 ---
3038001072 
71 
(i) 
Observation Period where Observation Shift is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period where Lag is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number 
calendar days from and including such London Business 
Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Business 
Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i” where Observation 
Shift is specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period) falling “p” London Business Days prior 
to the relevant London Business Day “i” where 
Lag is specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London 
Business Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the next following London 
Business Day or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as published by authorised distributors on such London 
Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from such 
authorised distributors, as published on the Bank of 
England’s 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ 
(or 
such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate). 
(z) 
 Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms and either (i) SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, if, in respect of any 
London Business Day, the SONIA reference rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page as applicable, (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof), such Reference Rate shall be:  
1.       (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
2.      if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference 
rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) 
for the first preceding London Business Day on which 
the SONIA reference rate was published on the

--- Page 74 ---
3038001072 
72 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
Such Rate of Interest shall be determined and calculated by 
the Calculation Agent (or such other independent party with 
appropriate 
expertise 
and/or 
international 
repute 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, 
the 
final 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(7) 
EUR CMS  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity 
year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 5, in the 
event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five 
Reference Banks for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in 
each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing 
two TARGET Business Days following the relevant Interest

--- Page 75 ---
3038001072 
73 
Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if 
fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
(8) 
TEC 10  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being the TEC 10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-
TEC10-CNO1 calculated by the Banque de France, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen BDFCNOTEC 
page, as at 11.30 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established 
in April 1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second 
decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 
10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, 
"OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield 
to maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose 
periods to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year 
OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and 
the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years. If, 
on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on 
Reuters Screen BDFCNOTEC page, EUR-TEC 10-CNO shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market 
prices for each of the two reference OAT, which would have been 
used by the Banque de France for the calculation of EUR-TEC10-
CNO, quoted by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at 
approximately 11:30 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du 
Trésor to provide a quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent 
after discarding the highest and lowest such quotations. The above 
mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by 
the Banque de France for the determination of EUR-TEC10-CNO. 
 
1  
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 76 ---
3038001072 
74 
(9) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate (other than €STR, SOFR Benchmark and SONIA) at any time 
when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iv). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence 
of manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or 
any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iii) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9); or  
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iii)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining,

--- Page 77 ---
3038001072 
75 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9) and the Independent Adviser determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) (A) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(v), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(iv), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if 
any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(9). Such notice shall be irrevocable and binding 
on the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative and the Noteholders, and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments) be binding on the Issuer, the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders.

--- Page 78 ---
3038001072 
76 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
pursuant to this provision, the fallback provisions relating to 
the Original Reference Rate specified in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C) will continue to apply to such determination, 
provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, 
lead to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9). 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive, negative or equal to zero), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance 
with customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made 
(or made available), or the Independent Adviser 
determines there is no such spread, formula or

--- Page 79 ---
3038001072 
77 
methodology in customary market usage, the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period 
(if there is such a customary market usage at such time) and 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the date specified in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) 
months prior to the date specified in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case 
within the following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any 
Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable);  
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously

--- Page 80 ---
3038001072 
78 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the methodology for calculating the Original 
Reference Rate (i) has changed materially or (ii) will 
change materially. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser 
of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all 
times acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark (in 
particular EURIBOR, EUR CMS and TEC 10) or screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
 "Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, 
following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will determine, 
among those successor or replacement rates, the one which 
is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes.  
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de 
la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified 
as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) shall

--- Page 81 ---
3038001072 
79 
apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only when 
this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A) shall apply. 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI 
(the "CPI Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iv)(A), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) (the "Base Reference") applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding Condition 
5(f), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to the 
first day of any given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M-3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M-2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR pages and on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the interpretation of 
the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods 
shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the 
French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor 
indexées sur l'inflation. 
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
−
−
−
−

−
+

--- Page 82 ---
3038001072 
80 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" refers to the definitive consumer 
price index excluding tobacco for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as such 
index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. 
 
(2) 
The calculation method described in (3) below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire — www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 
Paper entitled "Inflation-linked bonds". In the case of any conflict 
between the calculation method provided below and the calculation 
method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) 
shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
 
(3) 
 
(1) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(the "Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(indice provisoire) has already been published, such 
index shall automatically be used as the Substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional 
CPI Monthly Reference Index would be published 
under the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place 
from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on 
the basis of the most recently published figure 
adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM= 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly 
Reference 
Index M-1 
x  
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-
13

--- Page 83 ---
3038001072 
81 
(2) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more 
base changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be 
chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly 
Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 
1st March of the following year. 
Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the 
following equation: 
 
 
 
Such that: 
 
 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices excluding tobacco 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B) 
shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B) shall apply. 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the "HICP Linked Interest") will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will 
calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(b)(iv)(B), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any Interest 
Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the 
base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) (the "Base Reference") applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding Condition 
5(f), the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (A) in relation to 
the first day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the third month preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a day 
(D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third month preceding such month (M-3) and the 
second month preceding such month (M-2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
 
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Key =
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
Index
Reference
Monthly
CPI
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=
(
)
3
M
2
M
M
3
M
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
ND
1
D
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
−
−
−
−

−
+

--- Page 84 ---
3038001072 
82 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case 
of payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2": price index of month M-2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3": price index of month M-3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(f), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters Screen page OATEI01, 
on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" refers to the harmonised index 
of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. 
 
(C) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per 
annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined above). 
(D) 
 
(1) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely 
manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already 
been published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically 
be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. 
Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from 
this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the basis 
of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out in 
the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly 
Reference 
Index M-1 
x 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
(2) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference

--- Page 85 ---
3038001072 
83 
Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes which have been 
calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint 
publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
 
Such that: 
 
 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(c)(i)). 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Notes may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the Switch Date set out in the Final Terms from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis"), provided that a valid notification is sent by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders within the period specified in the Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate 
to a Fixed Rate on the Switch Date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis"). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with paragraph (b)(iii) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount is specified in the Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest, or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be.  
basis
previous
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
basis
new
the
on
calculated
December
to
pertaining
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Key =
Key
X
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
Index
Reference
Monthly
HICP
D
Date
Basis
Previous
D
Date
Basis
New
=

--- Page 86 ---
3038001072 
84 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest with 
respect to Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001) (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination (as specified in the Final Terms) in 
respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction 
for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable per Specified Denomination in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required 
to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules 
applicable to such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 87 ---
3038001072 
85 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for that currency and/or 
(b) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro 
(a "TARGET Business Day") and/or 
(c) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centres specified in 
the Final Terms (the "Business Centres"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Specified Currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally 
in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365) 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and 
(ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap 
year and whose denominator is 366 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the 
Calculation Period) 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 
(f) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where:

--- Page 88 ---
3038001072 
86 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D-1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D-i is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(h) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2−Y1)]+[30 ×(M2− M1)]+(D2− D1) 
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 89 ---
3038001072 
87 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date, 
and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française ("FBF") and supplemented 
by the FBF technical schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be 
(together the "FBF Master Agreement"), as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination for that Interest Accrual Period 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes shall mean the Fixed

--- Page 90 ---
3038001072 
88 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(b) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Specified Denomination for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) 
the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and available at the office of the Paying 
Agents during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public 
holidays excepted). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in 
respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance 
with the provisions in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms subject 
as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing

--- Page 91 ---
3038001072 
89 
its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(9), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its principal amount). 
(b) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent (as may be named in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(iv)) on the following basis: 
(i) 
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms: 
"Final Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is specified as 
the Index applicable in the Final Terms in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv), the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index, or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iv), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) above is 
below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(c) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) 
or to Condition 6(e)(iv) (Squeeze Out Option) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.  
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the Final Terms, shall 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption or upon

--- Page 92 ---
3038001072 
90 
it becoming due and payable is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made 
(both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e) 
(Accrual of Interest). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(b)(i) above shall apply 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount or the 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be calculated on the 
following basis: 
(1) 
where the CPI or HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the 
Final Terms: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes 
Or, as the case may be,  
"Optional Redemption Amount" = IIR x outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes 
"IIR" being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined 
on the fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between 
(i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, 
the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index, or (ii) if the HICP is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index, in each case on the date set for 
redemption, and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(2) 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to paragraph 
(1) above is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(b) above applies) 
fail to be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer 
will pay the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the period from, and including the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the date set for redemption 
of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iv) above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant date 
set for redemption. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other 
than Notes described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and

--- Page 93 ---
3038001072 
91 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of, French law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be 
able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) below the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note), subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that 
the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal 
and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation), then the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall 
upon giving not less than 7-days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due 
and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount payable in respect of the Notes or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is 
passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(i) 
Call Option 
If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, on giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders falling within the Call Option 
Notice Period, redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such 
redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption 
Unless specified as not being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving

--- Page 94 ---
3038001072 
92 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) to the Noteholders redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or 
from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Make-whole 
Redemption Date"). Any such redemption of Notes shall be made at their Make-
whole Redemption Amount.  
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer before the Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 6(e)(v) below, the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date pursuant to Condition 6(e)(v) below and not the Maturity Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on 
the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to 
the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-whole 
Redemption Rate plus a Make-whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.  
"Make-whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means (i) the average of the four quotations given 
by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Security on the fourth Business Day preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 
11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) ("Reference Dealer Quotation") or (ii) 
the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective 
successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or 
method of selection of such banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's 
option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this 
Condition.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen 
by the Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the 
Make-whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means the either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same 
issuer as the Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable 
with the remaining term of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.  
The Make-whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 95 ---
3038001072 
93 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(iii) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to 
holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption 
may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount 
of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes 
and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be 
fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with Article R. 213-16 of the Code and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
(iv) 
Squeeze Out Option  
If 75 per cent. or more of the original aggregate principal amount of the Notes of any 
Series have been redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer, the Issuer may, on not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) at any time prior to the Maturity Date, redeem on a date 
to be specified in such notice (the "Squeeze Out Redemption Date"), at its option, all 
(but not some only) of the remaining Notes of that Series at their principal amount or, 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes or to Inflation Linked Notes if the relevant Final 
Terms specify that Condition 6(b) (Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) is 
applicable, their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Squeeze Out Redemption Date (the "Squeeze Out Option"), provided 
that if the Issuer has exercised the Make-whole Redemption option as specified in 
Condition 6(e)(ii), the Squeeze Out Option shall not apply for a period of 12 months 
as from the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
(v) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption, at a date which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Date”) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, redeem its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
at its Optional Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise

--- Page 96 ---
3038001072 
94 
Notice") in the form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent, within the 
notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be 
redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable 
laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold for the 
purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations or cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(h) (Cancellation). 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held 
or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the 
Temporary Global Certificate and the relevant Definitive Materialised Notes together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for 
cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext Paris about such cancellation. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made 
by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the Materialised Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency 
or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2.

--- Page 97 ---
3038001072 
95 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents 
with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)), all payments are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, in any jurisdiction 
(whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or Agents), and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and the Issuer will not be liable for 
any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives 
or agreements. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments.  
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer 
and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so 
long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and in such other city so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market) (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by any 
other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so

--- Page 98 ---
3038001072 
96 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such 
Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption 
shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Note. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A)(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions specified as "Financial 
Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C)(i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other 
than Euro) where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied,

--- Page 99 ---
3038001072 
97 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal, or interest by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any 
present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such deduction or withholding been required, provided, however, that 
the Issuer may, in that event, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) and except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if applicable, a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised 
Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the 
Noteholder, or if applicable, the Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before such 
thirtieth calendar day of such time period.  
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which the payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 8 (Taxation). 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default  
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the Representative (as 
defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders)), upon resolution of a Collective Decision, may 
give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that all, but not some only, of 
the Notes are immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes together 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
event of default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent:

--- Page 100 ---
3038001072 
98 
(a) 
Non-payment 
if the Issuer defaults in any payment when due of principal or interest on any Note and such 
default continues for a period of more than 20 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in respect 
of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 days after notice 
of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross Default  
if any other indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer in excess of Euro 100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) becomes prematurely repayable following a default, or the 
Issuer defaults in repayment of any such indebtedness at the maturity thereof as extended by 
any applicable grace period; or 
(d) 
Dissolution and Merger  
if the Issuer is dissolved or merged into a company prior to the repayment in full of the Notes, 
unless in such event the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes are expressly assumed 
by such company.  
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles 
L.228-46 and seq. of the French Code de commerce (with the exception of Articles L.228-59, L.228-65 
I, 1°and 3°, L.228-65 II, L.228-71, L.228-72, L.236-14, L.236-23, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-78 of 
the French Code de commerce and the related articles of such Code) as amended by this Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders). 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate (if any) will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. Such remuneration will be paid by the Issuer or 
any other party.  
In the event of death, retirement, resignation, revocation, liquidation or dissolution of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by the alternate Representative (if any) or 
another Representative.

--- Page 101 ---
3038001072 
99 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or 
(ii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding at least 70 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Resolution"), 
as further described in Condition 11(f) below. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of 
the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(e) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30th) of the principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for 
convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to 
petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(k) not less than 15 days prior to the date of the General Meeting for a first 
convocation and not less than 10 days in the case of a second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right, during the 15 calendar day period 
preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, and during the 10 calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation, to consult or 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth (1/5th) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 102 ---
3038001072 
100 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented 
at the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of 
the French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has 
been appointed. 
(f) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in 
lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders 
by way of a Written Resolution.  
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, which shall include the text of the 
proposed resolutions together with any report thereon, will be published as provided under 
Condition 11(k) no less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written 
Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written 
Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date.  
Written Resolutions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 70 per 
cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and 
R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given 
by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders.. Any Written 
Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Resolution may be contained in one document, or 
in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce: The provisions of Articles 
L.228-59, L.228-65 I, 1° and 3° (respectively providing for a prior approval of the General 
Meeting in case of any proposal relating to the modification of the corporate purpose or the 
form of the Issuer and proposals to merge or demerge the Issuer) L.228-65 II, L.228-71, L.228-
72, L.236-14, L.236-23, R.228-63, R.228-69 and R.228-78 of the French Code de commerce 
and the related articles of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the operations of 
the Masse, including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions 
and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first-mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any 
Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all the Tranches of such Series.

--- Page 103 ---
3038001072 
101 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce, as amended by this Condition 11. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.  
 
(k) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders or to be published by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 11 shall be published on the website of the Issuer (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) 
and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared.  
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of its delivery or publication or, if 
delivered or published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which such 
delivery or publication is made.  
(l) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), the expression 
"outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer, or on its behalf, 
or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not 
cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations on which the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes, provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof, the issue date and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to 
"Notes" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 104 ---
3038001072 
102 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, 
in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall 
be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which, in the case 
of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules 
of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on 
which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris is 
expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published 
as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that notices will be 
published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and 
(b) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market(s) and the rules 
of such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall be published on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as 
otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 (Notices) shall not apply to notices to be given 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
(f) 
Any notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of its delivery or publication or, if 
delivered or published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which such 
delivery or publication is made.  
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 105 ---
3038001072 
103 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons will be submitted 
to the jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
(c) 
Immunity from Attachment 
The assets and properties of the Issuer cannot be subject to any attachment or other enforcement 
proceedings in the Republic of France.

--- Page 106 ---
3038001072 
104 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of 
which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised 
Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already 
been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed 
in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry 
of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate 
shall be postponed to the calendar day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 107 ---
3038001072 
105 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer to 
finance and/or refinance expenses that contribute to the present and future value of the Grand Paris Express 
project, together representing the “eligible assets” as further described in the GPE Green Financing Framework 
(Document-cadre de financement vert du Grand Paris Express) available on the Issuer’s website (in French: 
https://media-mediatheque.sgp.fr/pm_12814_219_219563-e4abuftegd.pdf  or in English: https://media-
mediatheque.sgp.fr/pm_12814_219_219566-y9nbd0tvk2.pdf ).  
The management by the Issuer of such net proceeds and the reporting on the allocation of such proceeds are 
presented in the GPE Green Financing Framework of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this programme, "Eligible Green Projects" include all infrastructure expenditure and 
associated project management costs for the Grand Paris Express project: (i) construction of new lines and line 
extensions (almost 200 km of new automated metro lines in addition to the existing 400 km in the Île de France 
region) and/or (ii) construction and development of new stations and technical centres (68 stations and 7 technical 
centres planned). This eligibility scope includes expenditure on acquiring land, building line sections, 
maintenance sites and ancillary structures, and building and developing stations and station districts. Lastly, 
salaries, financial and ancillary costs, impact studies, audits and advisory services also count as eligible expenses.  
The Final Terms for any Notes may describe the specific Eligible Green Project(s) relating to such Notes. 
The Grand Paris Express is a public transport infrastructure project estimated to cost €36.1 billion (excluding 
financial expenses) plus related contributions and operational expenses aimed at funding projects in the transport 
funding plan (plan de mobilisation pour les transports) capped at €3.5 billion (with the 2012's economical 
conditions).  
In this respect, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Grand Paris Express’ project eligible expenses are 
aligned with each of the environmental sustainability criteria for the economic activities set out in Article 3 of 
the Taxonomy Regulation: (i)  contributing substantially to one or more environmental objectives (climate change 
adaptation and climate change mitigation); (ii) causing no significant harm to any of the environmental objectives; 
(iii) performed in compliance with the minimum safeguards stipulated in the Taxonomy Regulation; and (iv) 
compliant with the technical screening criteria established by the Commission. 
As further detailed in the GPE Green Financing Framework, the Issuer ensures it complies with the Green Bond 
Principles of the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (the "Green Bond Principles") (as 
published by ICMA in its June 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1) version) and their four core components which 
are (i) justification of the use of proceeds of the bonds, (ii) definition of processes for project evaluation and 
selection, (iii) description of management of proceeds procedures and (iv) reporting commitments.  
In addition, the Issuer has appointed Sustainable Fitch as second-party opinion provider (second party opinion 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
des 
grands 
projets 
(in 
English: 
https://media-
mediatheque.sgp.fr/pm_12814_219_219560-mvof7id02p.pdf )). 
The Issuer also selected Sustainalytics as third party approved by the Climate Bond Initiative (CBI) to obtain a 
Climate Bond Standard certification. It has obtained a confirmation of post-issuance certification under the 
Climate Bonds Standard from the Climate Bond Initiative (available on the website of Société des grands projets 
(in 
English: 
https://media-mediatheque.sgp.fr/pm_12814_185_185939-
vsjjwtv7ek.pdf?_gl=1*70qzv7*_ga*NTY2Mzk2NDM5LjE3MDYwMzA2NTY.*_ga_6541VBRHTX*MTcwN
jAzNDEzNy4yLjEuMTcwNjAzNDE3OS4wLjAuMA ). The GPE Green Financing Framework is further aligned 
with the “Low Carbon Transport” appendix of the Climate Bond Initiative. 
The Issuer may update its GPE Green Financing Framework, obtain additional or new second-party opinions 
and/or certificates during the life of the Programme, in which case it will update such information on its website 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr). 
Potential investments made under any SERMs fall outside the scope of the GPE Green Financing Framework 
and will do so until any subsequent revision of such framework and of the Programme. As a result, the GPE 
Green Financing Framework and the Notes to be issued under the Programme, as well as outstanding Notes issued 
by the Issuer, are therefore exclusively allocated to the Grand Paris Express project.

--- Page 108 ---
3038001072 
106 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Société des grands projets 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 32,500,000,000 
Green Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 3 August 2023, has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2  
3[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
2  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
3 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 109 ---
3038001072 
107 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 110 ---
3038001072 
108 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 29 May 2024 which received approval n° 24-176 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
"AMF") on 29 May 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval 
n°[●] from the AMF on [●] (the "Supplement[s]")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] will be available on the Issuer's website 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [2018/2019/2020/2021/2022/2023] Base Prospectus (as defined in the section 
"Documents incorporated by reference") incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 29 May 2024 
which received approval n°24-176 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 29 May 2024 (the 
"Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval n°[●] from the AMF on [●] (the 
"Supplement[s]")] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is 
replaced by the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus. The Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] will be available on the Issuer's 
website (www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr) and on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Société des grands projets 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not 
Applicable/ 
The 
Notes 
will 
be 
assimilated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[insert description of the Series of original 
notes] on [insert date]/the Issue Date] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 111 ---
3038001072 
109 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus an amount corresponding to 
accrued interest from, and including, [insert 
date] to, but excluding, [the Issue Date/insert 
other date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●]4 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/ Issue Date/ Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] 
month 
EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA/[●] Year EUR CMS/TEC 
10] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount on 
the Maturity Date.] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed 
Rate 
to 
Floating 
Rate]/[Applicable – Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 18 
below) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 22 
below) 
 
4  
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 112 ---
3038001072 
110 
14. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified in paragraph 23 
below) 
15. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
[[Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination, 
payable 
on 
the 
Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] [insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year / Not Applicable] 
(insert 
regular 
interest 
payment 
dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 113 ---
3038001072 
111 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of 
payment to which item 27 relates) 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Independent party with appropriate 
expertise and/or international repute 
responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] 
month 
EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA/[●] Year EUR CMS/TEC 
10/[●]] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●]/The date which is [“p”] [London] 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date /[TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest [Accrual] Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
• 
[Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]] 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR Benchmark, 
delete this paragraph] 
 
• 
[Relevant Fallback Screen 
Page: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[●]] 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
• 
[€STR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound/€STR Shift 
Compound]]

--- Page 114 ---
3038001072 
112 
 
• 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination:  
(only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Benchmark)  
[Simple SOFR Average/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/ Compounded SOFR Index]] 
 
• 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination:  
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate/SONIA 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate [with 
Observation Shift]/[with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than [●] London Business Days]] 
 
• 
[Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[[●] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days] 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
• 
[Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[[●] 
TARGET 
Business 
Days] 
[Not 
Applicable]]  
 
• 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR:  
(only applicable in the case of Compounded 
Daily SOFR)  
[SOFR Lag/SOFR Observation Shift/SOFR 
Payment Delay/SOFR Lockout]]  
 
• 
[Lookback Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lag)  
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
• 
[SOFR Observation Shift 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Observation Shift or Compounded SOFR 
Index)  
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
• 
[Interest Payment Delay 
Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment 
Delay)  
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
• 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR 
Average, Compounded Daily SOFR: SOFR 
Payment Delay or Compounded Daily SOFR: 
SOFR Lockout)  
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) prior 
to the end of each Interest Period]] 
 
• 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded 
SOFR Index) [Not Applicable/[●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s)]]

--- Page 115 ---
3038001072 
113 
 
• 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(only applicable in the case of Compounded 
SOFR Index)  
[Not 
Applicable/[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day(s)]] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest5: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
18. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch Date (excluded): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5(a), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [•] of these Final Terms 
 
5  
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 116 ---
3038001072 
114 
 
(v) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch Date (included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition -
5(a), as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Floating Rate Note] with further variables set 
out in item [•] of these Final Terms 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[•] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payments: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual – ICMA / Actual/365 – FBF / 
Actual/Actual – FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
20. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio 
 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●] /[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Not applicable/specify dates] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/include 
any other option from the Conditions] 
 
(x) 
Business Day Convention(s):  
[[Following / Modified Following / Preceding 
/ Floating Rate / Eurodollar][Business Day] 
Convention]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
3038001072 
115 
 
(xi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest 
period end dates and not to the date and place 
of payment to which item 27 relates) 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest6: 
[[●]per cent. per annum/ 0 per cent. per 
annum]] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) 
applies (applicable only in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Call Option Notice Period: 
[●]7 days 
22. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-whole Redemption Margin: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Make-whole Redemption Rate: 
 
[Reference Dealer Quotation/Reference Screen 
Rate]  
(iii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Reference Security: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[Not applicable/As set out in the Conditions]  
 
23. 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
6  
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
7  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days.

--- Page 118 ---
3038001072 
116 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date: 
[●] 
24. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 
6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Zero 
Coupon 
Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) 
applies (applicable only in respect of Inflation 
Linked Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
Put Option Notice Period: 
[●]8 days 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
[In case of Inflation Linked Notes, to be 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(b)] 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
exercise of the Squeeze Out Option or on 
event of default: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination] 
[Condition 6(c)(i) applies (applicable only in 
respect of Zero Coupon Notes)]/[Condition 
6(c)(ii) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [if applicable, 
specify whether bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré) or fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[[Give name and details]/Not Applicable] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised 
Notes on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 
days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
8  
The clearing systems will require a notice period of at least 5 business days.

--- Page 119 ---
3038001072 
117 
28. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
16 (vi) relates] 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made] 
30. 
Possibility 
to 
request 
identification 
information of the Noteholders provided 
by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
31. 
Representation of Noteholder(s)/Masse 
(Insert below, as the case may be, details of the 
Representative and Alternative Representative 
and remuneration, if any:)  
[Condition 
11(j) 
shall 
apply]/[The 
Representative shall be [●]] [include any 
alternate Representative if necessary] 
[The Representative will be entitled to a 
remuneration 
of 
[●] 
per 
year/The 
Representative will be entitled to an upfront fee 
of 
[●] 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Notes/The 
Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify 
source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 120 ---
3038001072 
118 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [●]. 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed and admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market]] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Moody's: [●]]  
[Fitch:[●] ] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the European Union, is registered or certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation 
published 
on 
the 
European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website  
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] 
established in the European Union [nor 
has/and has not] applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")[.][, but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] 
which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).]. 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit

--- Page 121 ---
3038001072 
119 
rating agency which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
3. 
 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
4. 
 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used to finance and/or refinance investments 
in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (see section "Use of Proceeds" of the Base 
Prospectus). 
[      ] (if applicable, describe specific Eligible Green Project and/or availability of third party 
opinions and/or where information can be obtained, etc…)] 
 
Estimate of the net proceeds: [●] 
5. 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD  
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
 
[Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES AND BENCHMARKS  
 
(i) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/€STR/SOFR 
Benchmark/SONIA/EUR CMS/TEC 10 or 
other rates as specified in the Conditions] can 
be obtained from [Reuters].]

--- Page 122 ---
3038001072 
120 
 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as amended, the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware 
[[●], as administrator of [●] is not required to 
be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply 9 ], such that [•] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]]/[Not Applicable].] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING 
[Inflation Linked Notes only 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: 
[indication of where to obtain such information by electronic means and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].] 
 
8. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the Exchange Date, [●] thereafter] 
 
[FISN Code: 
[[•]10/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the 
FISN is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".)]] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[[•]11/Not Applicable/Not Available] (If the 
CFI is not required or requested, it/they 
should be specified to be "Not Applicable".)] 
 
9 
The transitional provisions in Article 51(5) of the Benchmarks Regulation will apply until 31 December 2025 (if they are not extended 
thereafter). 
10  
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN. 
11  
See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN.

--- Page 123 ---
3038001072 
121 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
France, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
9. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(a) 
Name of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(include names of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are 
not the same as the Managers. Where not all 
of the issue is underwritten, include a 
statement of the portion not covered) 
 
(b) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iii) 
If non syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes; [TEFRA C applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA 
not 
applicable 
to 
Dematerialised Notes]

--- Page 124 ---
3038001072 
122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement to be dated 29 
May 2024 (as amended from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH and Société 
Générale (the "Permanent Dealers") and BNP Paribas, as arranger of the Programme (the "Arranger"), the 
Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (such dealers together with the 
Permanent Dealers, the "Dealers"). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, as determined by the relevant Dealer, at the time of such resale.  
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified upon request to the Issuer, by the 
Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorized and any disclosure without the prior written consent 
of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
Prohibition on offers and sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.

--- Page 125 ---
3038001072 
123 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
 the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(ii) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition on offers and sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(i) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(ii) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 126 ---
3038001072 
124 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, and has only distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, 
this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to such qualified 
investors. 
 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used in this paragraph means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws, ministerial guidelines and regulations of Japan.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in 
a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Materialised Notes shall only be issued outside France.

--- Page 127 ---
3038001072 
125 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
1. 
AMF Approval 
The AMF has allocated approval number 24-176 on 29 May 2024 to this Base Prospectus. It has been 
approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes.  
 
2. 
Validity of Base Prospectus  
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for 12 months 
after its approval by the AMF, until 29 May 2025, provided that it shall be completed by any supplement 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After 
such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
 
3. 
Consents, approvals and authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. Resolutions of the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer were passed on 23 November 2023, authorising the Issuer to borrow up 
to Euro 4,500,000,000 during the year 2024 by, inter alia, issuing bonds having a maturity of over one 
year. 
4. 
LEI Code 
The Issuer's LEI code is 9695004RTVK8D9VA8F57. 
5. 
No significant change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or the financial performance of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2023.  
6. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023.  
7. 
No material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that would be material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
8. 
No governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects in the context of the issue 
of the Notes, on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 128 ---
3038001072 
126 
9. 
No potential conflicts of interest 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests and/or 
other duties of the members of the administrative and management bodies of the Issuer and the duties 
they owe to the Issuer.  
10. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors are currently Grant Thornton at 29, rue du Pont, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France 
and KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA at Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris la Défense 
Cedex, France. KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA have been appointed as statutory auditors of the 
Issuer by a decision of the Chairman of the Management Board on 3 August 2022. Grant Thornton and 
KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. Grant 
Thornton and KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes 
(member of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes). The statutory auditors’ report of 
the 2022 financial statements of the Issuer contains an observation set out on page 3 of the 2022 Annual 
Report. 
11. 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream systems. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear France is 12, place de la Bourse 75002 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear 
is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing 
system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the registration agent.  
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
12. 
Documents on display 
The documents listed at (b), (c), (d) and (e) below will be available on the Issuer's website 
(www.societedesgrandsprojets.fr); for information purpose only, the document listed at (a) below is also 
available on the following website: www.legifrance.gouv.fr: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer, namely the Decree and the Grand Paris Law; 
(b) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris and/or any other stock exchange; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert 
any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).

--- Page 129 ---
3038001072 
127 
If the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, the 
relevant Final Terms will provide whether additional methods of publication are required and what they 
consist of. 
13. 
Yield 
The yield of a particular Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated at the relevant Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price set out in the relevant Final Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
14. 
Credit ratings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term rating of the Issuer issued or endorsed by Moody's 
is Aa2 (stable outlook) and by Fitch is AA- (stable outlook). The rating of the Programme issued or 
endorsed by Moody's is Aa2 and by Fitch is AA-. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (a) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(b) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (a) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (b) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
The Issuer is classified by Moody's and Fitch, respectively, as a government-related issuer and a 
government-related entity of France. 
15. 
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EURO" and "EUR" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as 
amended, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to "HKD" are to the lawful currency of Hong Kong, references to the "U.S." 
and the "United States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. Dollars" 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
16. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer (or Dealers) (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the price 
of the relevant Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
action may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the relevant Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
17. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements 
that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion

--- Page 130 ---
3038001072 
128 
and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed 
by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements 
as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. 
18. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register 
of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 131 ---
3038001072 
129 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Société des grands projets 
Represented by Mr Jean-François Monteils, Chairman of the Management Board  
 
29 May 2024 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 May 2024 and is valid until 29 May 2025 and shall during this 
period, in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The 
Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 24-176.

--- Page 132 ---
3038001072 
130 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Société des grands projets 
2, Mail de la Petite Espagne 
Immeuble Le Moods 
93200 Saint-Denis 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
One Molesworth Street 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Dublin 2 
75009 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland 
 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
51, rue La Boétie 
Reuterweg 16 
75008 Paris 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
Germany 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
CS 70052 
60329 Frankfurt/Main 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
Germany 
France 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Marienturm 
38, avenue Kléber 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
75116 Paris 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
France 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Natixis 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
75013 Paris 
Germany 
France 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Rathenauplatz 1 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
The Netherlands 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 133 ---
3038001072 
131 
 
 
AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
UPTEVIA 
90-110 Esplanade du Général de Gaulle  
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Grant Thornton 
KPMG Audit, department of KPMG SA 
29, rue du Pont 
Tour Eqho 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
2, avenue Gambetta 
France 
92066 Paris la Défense Cedex 
 
France 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
to the Issuer 
to the Dealers 
 
 
Linklaters LLP 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
25, rue de Marignan 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France