--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 9 June 2021 
WS0101.32545672.1 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH 
€50,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l’habitat 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Société Générale SFH, a société anonyme 
(public limited company) incorporated under French law duly licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société 
de financement de l’habitat (SFH) delivered by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the Issuer), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obligations de financement de l’habitat (OFH) to be governed either by French law or German law, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) (respectively, the French Law Notes and the German Law Notes and together, the Notes) within the meaning 
of Article L.513-30, I of the Code monétaire et financier (the French Monetary and Financial Code). All French Law Notes and German Law Notes will benefit 
from the statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the Privilège), as more fully described 
herein.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus 
received the approval no. 21-216 on 9 June 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its 
approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF as competent authority in France under the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus is only relevant for 
the French Law Notes. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the French Law Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the French Law Notes. 
An application may be made (i) to Euronext Paris within a period of twelve (12) months after the date of approval by the AMF on the Base Prospectus in order for 
French Law Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, and/or (ii) to the competent authority of any other Member 
State of the European Economic Area for French Law Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such 
Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/UE dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
from time to time, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Markets Authority (the ESMA) (each, a Regulated Market). French 
Law Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market. 
The relevant final terms (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any French Law Notes (the Final Terms) will specify whether or not an 
application will be made for such French Law Notes to be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the 
French Law Notes will be listed and admitted to trading. The German Law Notes will neither be admitted to trading nor listed on any Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s).  
French Law Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes ) or in materialised form (Materialised Notes) as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer 
form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as the central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the relevant 
Account Holders (as defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), in 
either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be either inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed 
in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in relation to the Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently 
be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth 
(40th) day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in the section entitled "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised 
Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as 
more fully described herein) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or 
delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). German Law Notes will be issued in 
materialised registered form only.  
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch Ratings) and Aaa by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody’s 
and, together with Fitch Ratings, the Rating Agencies and each a Rating Agency). The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without 
notice. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the CRA Regulation). Each of the Rating Agencies is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
See section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base 
Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the French Law Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the opportunity of investing in such French Law Notes. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 9 June 2021 and is valid until 9 June 2022 and shall be, within that period and pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has 
received the following approval no. 21-216. 
 
The approval no. 21-216 granted by the AMF on 9 June 2021 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for Notes admitted to trading or listed on Euronext Paris 
which are the French Law Notes, and is not relevant, in any case, for German Law Notes, as German Law Notes will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any 
market or stock exchange. 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER

--- Page 2 ---
WS0101.32545672.1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................ 7 
2. 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................... 16 
3. 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 34 
4. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................... 37 
5. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST ................................................................................. 39 
6. 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................ 41 
7. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER .................................................... 42 
8. 
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING 
TO SOCIÉTÉS DE FINANCEMENT DE L’HABITAT AND OTHER LEGAL 
ISSUES ..................................................................................................................... 43 
9. 
[DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER] ..................................................................... 54 
10. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER .............................................. 61 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................. 63 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ................................................................................... 65 
13. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH AND SOCIÉTÉ 
GÉNÉRALE ............................................................................................................ 66 
14. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................. 69 
15. 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES ................................................................................... 110 
16. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................. 113 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................. 137 
18. 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................. 143 
19. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .......................................................... 147 
20. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................. 148 
21. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................... 149

--- Page 3 ---
Page 3 
WS0101.32545672.1 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and contains or incorporates by reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the 
base terms and conditions of the French Law Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as more fully described herein) not 
contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue 
price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of 
the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document 
and/or information which is incorporated by reference (see section entitled "Documents 
incorporated by reference"), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be published from time 
to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only 
be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is, or has been, authorised to give any information or to make any 
representation, other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in the section entitled "General 
description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such a distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves of, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and on the offering and sale of 
Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
on the offer or sale of the Notes in the United States of America, the European Economic 
Area (including Germany, France and Italy), the United Kingdom and Japan.

--- Page 4 ---
Page 4 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may include Materialised Notes in 
bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Materialised Notes), delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)), or in the case of Materialised Notes, 
United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S. 
For a description of these and certain other restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
the Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale". 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the

--- Page 5 ---
Page 5 
WS0101.32545672.1 
five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or manufacturer under 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials), and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or manufacturer under 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any of the Notes 
below. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference therein) (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and (ii) should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the 
Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference therein) should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor

--- Page 6 ---
Page 6 
WS0101.32545672.1 
in the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of the Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the 
Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life 
of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus, nor to advise any investor or 
prospective investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any 
prospective investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment 
in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus, cross-references to the definition of capitalised 
terms used in this Base Prospectus are set out in the section entitled "Index of defined 
terms".

--- Page 7 ---
Page 7 
WS0101.32545672.1 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and does not 
purport to be complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, the more detailed information which appears elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Note should be based on a consideration by the 
investor of this Base Prospectus as a whole and the corresponding Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes 
of Article 25.1 (b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does 
not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of 
Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
below shall have the same meanings in this general description. Although the Programme 
allows the issue of both French Law Notes and German Law Notes, the expression "Notes" in 
this section refers only to the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the terms and 
conditions applicable to the French Law Notes. 
I. 
THE PARTIES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
Société Générale SFH, a société anonyme (public limited company) 
incorporated under French law duly licensed as a specialised credit 
institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of 
société de financement de l’habitat (SFH) delivered by the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the ACPR). 
The Issuer's assets are exclusively composed of home loans, 
securities and assets that are eligible to SFH pursuant to the French 
legal framework applicable to SFH (see section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer - Issuer's exclusive purpose and business 
overview" and "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating 
to sociétés de financement de l’habitat and other legal issues"). 
The Issuer, acting as lender, entered with Société Générale, acting 
as borrower (the Borrower), into a facility agreement (the Facility 
Agreement). In order to secure the full and timely payment of all 
financial obligations which are or will be owed by Société Générale 
to the Issuer under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer, acting as 
beneficiary, and Société Générale, in its capacity as borrower, 
entered into a collateral security agreement (the Collateral Security 
Agreement) setting forth the terms and conditions upon which (i) 
Société Générale shall transfer, by way of security (remise en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) to the benefit of the Issuer pursuant to 
Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, home loans complying with the eligibility criteria provided 
for by Article L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
originated by Société Générale and certain of its affiliates and (ii) 
Société Générale shall transfer to the Issuer certain amounts as cash 
collateral (gage espèces) upon the occurrence of certain 
downgrading events relating to Société Générale (see sections 
entitled "Risk Factors - Risk factors relating to the Issuer - Liquidity 
risk" and "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société 
Générale").

--- Page 8 ---
Page 8 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Arranger: 
Société Générale. 
Dealers: 
Société Générale and any other dealer(s) appointed in accordance 
with the Dealer Agreement. 
The Issuer may also terminate the appointment of any Dealer from 
time to time.  
Fiscal Agent and 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
 
 
Société Générale. 
Paying Agents: 
Société Générale (as Paris Paying Agent) and Société Générale 
Luxembourg (as Luxembourg Paying Agent). 
Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale, unless the Final Terms provide otherwise. 
Services Provider: 
Société Générale. 
Statutory auditors: 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés (see sections 
entitled "Statutory auditors of the Issuer" and "Description of the 
Issuer – Control of the Issuer"). 
Specific Controller: 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés (see section entitled "Description of 
the Issuer – Control of the Issuer"). 
Rating Agencies: 
Fitch Ratings and Moody's as credit rating agencies authorised to 
provide a rating document in respect of SFH. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each of Fitch Ratings and Moody's is established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation). Each of Fitch 
Ratings and Moody's is included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
II. 
THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of 
OFH within the meaning of Article L.513-30 I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (see section entitled "Summary of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de 
l’habitat and other legal issues"). 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes will be used for financing 
or refinancing: 
(a) 
the granting of loans under the Facility Agreement; and 
(b) 
from time to time, the granting or acquisition of the other 
assets of the Issuer, in accordance with its by-laws (statuts) and 
Articles L.513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
In accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above, if in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes, it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to finance or 
refinance, in part or in full, eligible activities included or to be 
included in the SFH cover pool (such activities the Eligible 
Activities) as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond

--- Page 9 ---
Page 9 
WS0101.32545672.1 
framework of the Issuer, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (the Framework), such use will be stated in the Final Terms of 
such Notes (the Positive Impact Notes). 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €50,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies as of 
the Issue Date) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the headings "Risk factors 
relating to the Issuer" and "Risks factors relating to the Notes" in the 
section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Series: 
The Notes issued on any given issue date will constitute a Series. 
Tranches: 
The Notes may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue 
dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, 
the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, 
and interest, if any, payable thereunder and supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in 
the Final Terms of such Tranche. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, 
the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, 
and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may have any maturity as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the Maturity Date), subject to such minimum 
maturity as may be required by the applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. 
An extended maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, US dollars, Yen, Swiss 
francs and in any other currency (except for Renminbi) specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year, in respect of which the 
issue proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, will 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting

--- Page 10 ---
Page 10 
WS0101.32545672.1 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and they have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of Notes and 
Privilège: 
 
The principal and interest of the Notes (and where applicable, any 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and privileged obligations of the Issuer, and rank and 
will rank, pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and equally and rateably with all other present or future notes 
(including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised 
by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège created by Article L.513-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (all as described in 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Status").  
The Notes are issued in accordance with Article L.513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. The Notes benefit from the 
Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. For further description, see sections entitled "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Privilège" and "Summary of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de 
l’habitat and other legal issues". 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Events of Default:  
None. 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (in whole or in part) and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in section Optional Redemption above, the Notes 
will be redeemable by the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only 
for illegality (as provided in Condition 6(i)). 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Interest Periods 
and Rates of 
Interest: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
Page 11 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement, as published 
by the Fédération bancaire française, in their updated version 
applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series; or 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated version applicable 
as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series; or 
• 
by reference to EURIBOR or other (or any successor rate or 
alternative rate);  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and 
calculated and payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum rate of interest, a 
minimum rate of interest or both. Unless a higher minimum rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum rate of interest 
shall be deemed equal to zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes: 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to another Floating Rate or (ii) that will automatically change 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to another Floating Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark 
Trigger Event: 
 
Where screen rate determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the rate of interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the original benchmark specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination: 
French Law Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the

--- Page 12 ---
Page 12 
WS0101.32545672.1 
EU that participates in the third stage (or any further stage) of 
European Monetary Union may be redenominated into Euro, all as 
more fully provided for in Condition 1(d) (see section entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redenomination"). 
 
Further Issues and 
Consolidation: 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue further Notes to be 
assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes and the 
further Notes carry identical rights in all respects and that the terms 
of such Notes provide for such assimilation as more fully provided 
for in Condition 12 (see section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Further Issues and Consolidation"). 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series 
as more fully provided for in Condition 12 (see section entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues and 
Consolidation"). 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form or in 
materialised form. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of any Dematerialised Notes (see Condition 1 at the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination"). 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside 
France.  
Clearing Systems 
of Notes: 
 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and 
Euroclear or, in any case, any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
 
 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable (for 
syndicated issues) or the Application Form (in case of non-
syndicated issues) relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised 
Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system, or may be delivered

--- Page 13 ---
Page 13 
WS0101.32545672.1 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading: 
 
 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. Application may 
be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on any 
other Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, or on an alternative stock exchange or market, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes may be 
unlisted. 
Ratings: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
AAA by Fitch Ratings and Aaa by Moody's. The ratings to be 
assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies will only reflect the 
views of the Rating Agencies. 
The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning Rating Agency without notice. 
There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for any 
period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended 
or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgment of the Rating 
Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and on the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions (see section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale"). In connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche, additional selling restrictions may be 
imposed on the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not 
subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The 
Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) section 
4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying under Code

--- Page 14 ---
Page 14 
WS0101.32545672.1 
section 163(f)(2(B) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code 
section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying under 
Code section 163(f)(2(B) (the C Rules) or (ii) such Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which such Notes will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
any jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If any law should require that such payments be subject to 
withholding or deduction, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
III. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Method of 
publication of the 
Base Prospectus, 
any Supplement 
and Final Terms: 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/). The 
Final Terms related to Notes traded on any Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on 
the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). 
For so long as any Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus, copies of such documents will also, when published, be 
available free of charge during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
Governing Law: 
French law.

--- Page 15 ---
Page 15 
WS0101.32545672.1 
IV. 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM

--- Page 16 ---
Page 16 
WS0101.32545672.1 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following 
factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations related to Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the French Law Notes and material for an 
informed investment decision with respect to investing in the French Law Notes issued under 
the Programme are described below. In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most 
material risks, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their 
occurrence. The risk exposure or measurement figures included in the risk factors provide 
information on the Issuer’s exposure level but are not necessarily representative of future 
evolution. Other risks and uncertainties which, on the date of this Base Prospectus, are not 
known of by the Issuer, or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant impact on 
the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition and the Notes. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and form their own 
opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in 
particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its 
financial condition and the Notes. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be purchased or subscribed by investors which 
are (or are advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to appropriately evaluate the risks associated with the Notes. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings 
when used below. 
I. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
This section identifies the main risk factors that the Issuer estimates could have a significant 
effect on its business, profitability, solvency or access to financing. 
The risks inherent to the Issuer’s activity are presented below under five main categories, in 
accordance with Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation: 
1.  
liquidity risks; 
2.  
risks related to the macroeconomic, market, legal and regulatory environments; 
3.  
credit and counterparty risks; 
4.  
operational risks; and 
5.  
structural risks. 
 
1. 
Liquidity risks 
The Issuer’s liquidity risk is defined as the risk of not being able to meet its payment obligations 
under the Notes when they fall due, because of the temporary lags between the amortization 
profile of its assets and liabilities.  
A number of exceptional measures taken by governments, central banks and regulators as well 
as a downgrade in the Société Générale group ’s (including the Issuer, the Group) external 
rating or in the sovereign rating of the French State could have a significant negative impact on

--- Page 17 ---
Page 17 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the Issuer’s cost of financing, its access to liquidity. Moreover, a lack of liquidity could have a 
significant negative impact on the Issuer’s capacity to repay the Notes on a short-term period. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum exposure of the Issuer for the next 180 days 
could be estimated up to 3.25 billion euros, representing the maximum cumulated amount of 
Notes falling due under this period. From a long-term perspective, the negative impact is 
lowered due to the ability of the Issuer to gather the necessary cash-flows under the 
collateralised assets. 
In any case, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, the Issuer's ability to make 
payments under the Notes may be negatively affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose all 
or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
However, as a specialized credit institution, the Issuer is subject to the production of indicators 
making it possible to measure, manage and monitor this risk (see section entitled "Summary of 
the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). In addition, 
there are some structural mitigants allowing the Issuer to reduce its liquidity risk exposure such 
as the "Pre-Maturity Test" described more fully in section entitled "Relationship between 
Société Générale SFH and Société Générale". As of 31 December 2020, none of the threshold 
of these indicators has been triggered. 
With respect to the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) pursuant to the CRD V package (as defined 
below), as of 31 December 2020, the Issuer is not obliged to hold stocks of liquid assets to 
maintain its LCR beyond 100%. Nonetheless, the Issuer's LCR is structurally higher than 100%.  
To finance any temporary liquidity needs, the Issuer also benefits from the ALM management 
tools and instruments provided to it by the laws and regulations applicable to SFH in order to 
fund temporary liquidity needs. See section entitled "Summary of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat and other legal issues" for the full 
list of these tools and instruments. 
2. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic, market, legal and regulatory environments 
2.1 
Macroeconomic and market risks 
The global economic and financial context, as well as the context of the markets in which the 
Issuer operates, may adversely affect the Issuer’s activities, financial position and results of 
operations. 
During an economic slowdown or as part of a contraction policy, the real estate market may be 
strongly impacted so that the origination of guaranteed home loans (GHL) could be reduced. 
The risk linked to this economic context concerns the portfolio of assets transferred to the Issuer 
as collateral security.  
Very likely a decline in new GHL origination linked to this situation constitutes a risk for the 
Issuer which must meet its regulatory requirements, in particular through the quarterly ratios 
required by the ACPR showing, among other things, that there is no gap between the assets 
given as collateral and its liabilities.  
And, no incident linked to this situation, even related to the recent sanitary crisis, has been 
reported for the Issuer. 
2.2 
Regulatory environments and legal risks

--- Page 18 ---
Page 18 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Issuer, as a specialized credit institution subject to Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, is subject to financial services law, regulations, administrative 
actions and policies in each jurisdiction in which it carries on business and supervised by the 
ACPR. 
In particular, the Issuer is subject to the new capital requirements of the CRD V package (as 
defined below) and the Covered Bond Directive (as defined below). The implementation of the 
CRD V package, the Covered Bond Directive and their application to the Issuer and Société 
Générale, as the case may be, or the taking of any action thereunder is currently uncertain (see 
section entitled "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat"). 
Changes in supervision and regulation, in particular in France, could significantly affect the 
Issuer’s business, the products and services offered or the value of its assets. Evolutions in this 
regulatory framework could have a negative effect on the financial and economic environment 
in which the Issuer operates, and on its financial position. 
In addition, failure to comply with the regulations could eventually result in financial penalties 
and sanctions, damage to the reputation of the Issuer and may go as far as the withdrawing of 
its license.  
The occurrence of any such events may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to make payments 
under the Notes. Nevertheless, although future changes in regulation, tax or other policies can 
be unpredictable and are beyond the control of the Issuer, this risk remains low as the Issuer 
works closely with its regulators and continually monitors its environment. 
3. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks relate to the risk of losses resulting from the inability of the 
Issuer's customers or its counterparties to meet their financial commitments. These risks could 
have a negative impact on the ability of the Issuer to repay its obligations under the Notes. It 
should be noted that the Issuer has chosen to restrict its home loan refinancing activity to only 
loans guaranteed by Crédit Logement, in accordance with Article L. 513-29 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
3.1 
Credit risks 
The Issuer is the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes. The Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, including (but 
not limited to) Société Générale (in any capacity but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, 
Collateral Provider, Arranger, Calculation Agent, Dealer, Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Principal Paying Agent) or any company within the Group, or the shareholders or directors or 
agents of any company in the same group of companies as any of them. As of 31 December 
2020, the outstanding amount of OFH issued by the Issuer is €37.54 billion (without interest). 
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes depends on the creditworthiness of 
its debtors and globally on the credit quality of its assets which consist (i) initially in the loans 
made available to the Borrower (Société Générale) under the Facility Agreement, and therefore 
the financial soundness and conduct of the Borrower could adversely affect Société Générale 
SFH’s results of operations and financial position and (ii) following the occurrence of an event 
of default of the Borrower under the Facitity Agreement, in the home loans transferred (remis 
en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security 
Agreement.

--- Page 19 ---
Page 19 
WS0101.32545672.1 
 3.1.1 Credit risks on Société Générale 
The Issuer is directly exposed on Société Générale as sole Borrower under the loans granted 
under the Facility Agreement. However, this credit risk is covered by to the transfer of full title 
by way of assignment (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of a portfolio of assets 
that meet regulatory eligibility criteria and the requirement for Société Générale to maintain at 
any time a minimum level of cover ratio between the home loans transferred as Collateral 
Security and the outstanding amount of the loans made available under the Facility Agreement, 
as specified under the Collateral Security Agreement (see section entitled "Relationship 
between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale"). It is worth noting that the Issuer shall 
maintain at any time a minimum legal cover ratio of 105% and the cover ratio of the Issuer as 
of 31 December 2020 certified by the specific controller was 111.26%.  
Failure to maintain compliance with such requirements may result in, if not remedied, a 
mandatory repayment event under the Facility Agreement and, if Société Générale cannot repay 
in full the loans granted under the Facility Agreement and the home loans transferred as 
Collateral Security are not sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Notes, the 
Issuer may have insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes.  
 3.1.2 Credit risks on the assets of the Issuer 
Home loans debtors' ability to pay under the home loans 
The home loans debtors are individuals having borrowed under the home loans in order to 
finance the acquisition of a real estate property. If following enforcement of the Collateral 
Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from the home loan debtors in respect 
of such home loans, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
As of 31 December 2020, home loans transferred (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) 
as Collateral Security totalled €42.8 billions. The main geographical exposure zones of the 
home loans transferred (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security are 
Ile-de-France, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur and Hauts-de-France. 
None of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer or any other party to the 
Programme does guarantee or warrant full and timely payment by the home loan debtors of any 
sums payable under such home loans. Furthermore, home loan debtors may benefit from the 
favourable legal and statutory provisions of the French Code de la consommation, pursuant to 
which any individual may, under certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, 
request and obtain from the competent court a grace period, a reduction of the amount of all 
and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the case may be, a full or 
partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution (établissement de crédit).  
The ability of the home loan debtors to make timely payment of amounts due under such home 
loans will mainly depend on their assets and its liabilities as well as their ability to generate 
sufficient income to make payments under the relevant home loans. Their ability to generate 
income may be adversely affected by many factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the 
home loan debtor itself (including but not limited to their age and health, employment situation, 
family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more general in nature (such as 
changes in governmental regulations, tax policy, etc.).  
As a result, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be materially 
adversely affected. 
No prior notification to debtors under the home loans transferred as Collateral Security

--- Page 20 ---
Page 20 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the relevant home loans will be transferred 
(remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security pursuant to the provisions 
of Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, without notification or 
information of the debtors under such home loans. Such debtors will only be notified in case of 
enforcement of the Collateral Security by the Issuer. As long as no such notification has taken 
place, any payments made by the debtors under the relevant home loans will continue to be 
validly made by such debtors to Société Générale or, as the case may be, the relevant affiliates. 
Each debtor may further raise defences (which may include, as applicable, any set-off right) 
against the Issuer arising from such debtor’s relationship with its creditor to the extent that such 
defences (i) are existing prior to the notification of the transfer of the relevant home loan or (ii) 
arise out of mutual claims (compensation de créances connexes) between the debtor and its 
creditor which are closely connected with that home loan (irrespective of whether such 
notification has been made before or after such claims have arisen).  
Until notification to the debtors has been made and provided that, at such time, an insolvency 
proceeding has been opened against Société Générale, French insolvency law will prevent the 
Issuer from recovering from Société Générale any collections received by it under the relevant 
home loans which are commingled with other funds of Société Générale. These may affect the 
repayment value of the loan and therefore the ability for the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes. As of 31 December 2020, home loans transferred (remis en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security totalled €42.8 billion. 
However, these risks are mitigated by a cash collateral (gage-espèces) to be funded by Société 
Générale if its credit ratings are downgraded below certain minimum rating levels (a Collection 
Loss Trigger Event) for an amount equal to the aggregate amount of collections (interests and 
principal) scheduled to be received by Société Générale under the home loans transferred as 
Collateral Security during the two and half (2.5) calendar months following the occurrence of 
a Collection Loss Trigger Event and further, as long as the Collection Loss Trigger Event is 
continuing, adjusted at the end of each month and before any drawdown by Société Générale 
acting as Borrower under the Facility Agreement (the Collection Loss Reserve) (see section 
"Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale" for further details). 
Maintenance of value of the Collateral Security prior to enforcement 
Under the Collateral Security Agreement, for so long as no event of default under the Facility 
Agreement has occurred, Société Générale will be required to maintain at any time a cover ratio 
between the home loans transferred as Collateral Security and the outstanding amount the loans 
made available under the Facility Agreement (the Asset Cover Test). As of 31 December 2020, 
in accordance with the operational strategy of the Issuer the outstanding amount of the loans 
made available under the Facility Agreement is equal to the outstanding amount of the Notes 
issued and amounts to €37.54 billion (without interest). More details on the cover ratio are 
available on the website of Société Générale: http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-
notre-performance/investisseurs/investisseurs-dette. 
Failure to maintain compliance with such Asset Cover Test may result in, if not remedied, a 
mandatory repayment event under the Facility Agreement and, if Société Générale cannot repay 
in full the loans granted under the Facility Agreement, the Issuer may have insufficient funds 
to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Enforcement of home loan guarantees 
If following the enforcement of the Collateral Security in favor of the Issuer and notification of 
the home loan debtors, a debtor under a home loan fails to pay, the enforcement of its rights by

--- Page 21 ---
Page 21 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the Issuer under the relevant guarantee of such home loan against the home loan guarantor, the 
Issuer is exposed to the credit risk of Crédit Logement, an independent home loan guarantee 
company licensed as a French Financial Institution (société de financement). If the later does 
not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant guarantee for whatever reason 
or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments under the Notes. Enforcement of home loan guarantees may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
However, this risk can be assessed as relatively low due to the very granular retail assets 
portfolio, composed entirely of home loans guaranteed by Crédit Logement, rated Aa3 
(Moody’s) / AA low (DBRS), and which has an observed loss rate close to zero, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
3.2 
Counterparty risks 
Reliance of the Issuer on third parties 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to 
perform services for the Issuer (in particular for the monitoring and the servicing of the eligible 
assets transferred as Collateral Security and for the provision of liquidity upon occurrence of 
certain rating trigger events - see section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH 
and Société Générale").  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be significantly affected by the 
due performance of the other third parties involved in the Programme in relation to their 
payment and other obligations thereunder, the performance by the Services Provider, the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent or the Principal Paying Agent of their 
respective obligations thereunder, including and not limited to the performance by Société 
Générale as (i) the Services Provider in charge of the administration and recovery of the home 
loans’ receivables transferred by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) 
in favour of the Issuer and as (ii) Account Bank in relation to the opening and operating of the 
bank accounts of the Issuer. See section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH 
and Société Générale". 
Regarding the servicing risk, in the event that Société Générale is in default procedure, a failure 
to pay (cessation de paiements) in accordance with the provisions set out in French bankruptcy 
laws, would prevent the Issuer from recovering the sum due for the securities of the assets sold 
from the portfolio from Société Générale, and this, while the recovery process can be transferred 
to another establishment that can insure it. In addition, a substitute entity may not be found 
which can potentially lead to a significant repayment risk due to the inability of the Issuer to 
recover the asset portfolio during several months. 
The risk of Société Générale defaulting, as an account-keeping bank, can also have a moderate 
impact on the Issuer's access to cash-collateral and collections received on its accounts. 
To mitigate these risks, the agreements to be entered into between the Issuer and the above 
counterparties will comply with the specific legal requirements applicable to SFH and with the 
Rating Agencies’ public methodologies and criteria which are commensurate to the then current 
rating of the Notes (See Section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and 
Société Générale").  
Substitution risk

--- Page 22 ---
Page 22 
WS0101.32545672.1 
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term credit rating of one (1) or 
more parties to the Programme documents which triggers the need of a substitution pursuant to 
the terms of the Programme documents, or if under certain other circumstances the substitution 
of one (1) or more of these parties is appropriate pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
documents, a substitute entity may not be found. 
Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
4. 
Operational risks 
Operational risks are defined as the risk of losses resulting from the failure of processes and 
information systems or external events. 
The Issuer having no human resources, its operational, financial and information systems 
management and administration have been outsourced to its parent company, Société Générale 
(see Section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale"). 
Thus, the operational failure, termination or capacity constraints affecting Société Générale as 
subcontractor, or the failure or the breach of Société Générale’s information technology 
systems, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and result in losses and damages 
to the reputation of the Issuer’s that could harm its competitive position.  
The security of the Group’s information systems is managed within Société Générale. A 
security policy has been defined, including directives and operating procedures broken down 
by risk sector: physical security, security of system access control, security of data bases and 
applications, and security of continued operations. In the context of the Covid-19, lockdown 
measures have led the Issuer and Société Générale to massively implement remote working 
arrangements which could lead to new types of operational incidents or increase the risk of 
cyber-attacks faced by the Issuer and Société Générale. These risks may even further increase 
by an extension of the lockdown period or by the renewal of remote working arrangements in 
the event of new epidemic waves. 
Operational risks linked to these essential outsourced services are monitored as part of the 
Issuer's internal control system. 
5. 
Structural risks 
Structural risks correspond to the risks of loss of interest margin in the event of changes in the 
interest rates and exchange rates. 
As per the Issuer’s strategy, each loan granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under 
the Facility Agreement shall be made available in the same currency and according to the same 
interest conditions to those applicable to the Notes funding such loan. As a consequence, as 
long as no event of default of the Borrower has occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any 
currency and interest risk in relation to the Borrower debt under the Facility Agreement and the 
Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an event of default of the Borrower and the enforcement of the 
Collateral Security, the Issuer's available funds will arise from the home loans transferred as 
Collateral Security. The home loans that are part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest 
by way of the same conditions as those of the Notes and may not be denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes. Furthermore, the negative interests rate environment has a negative 
impact on the margin generated by the replacement of the own funds of the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
Page 23 
WS0101.32545672.1 
However, the exposure of the Issuer to foreign exchange risk is actually mitigated by the fact 
that, at the date of this Base Prospectus, all its assets and liabilities are being denominated in 
euros. 
In any case, any changes in the interest rates and the currency rates could have a material 
adverse effect on the interest margin of the Issuer when there are significant mismatches in 
terms of amount and maturity between the Notes and the assets transferred as Collateral 
Security and may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
The potential interest rate risks or currency risks between its assets (loans granted to Société 
Générale under the Facility Agreement or home loan receivables once and after enforcement of 
the Collateral Security Agreement) and its liabilities is mitigated, as further described in the 
section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale". 
II. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective 
investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in the Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes considering their particular 
circumstances. The following categories of risk factors are identified: 
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Absence of events of default in respect of all Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any events of default. The Noteholders 
will not be able to accelerate the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet 
any obligations under such Notes, Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of 
principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on such Notes will be the 
institution of judicial proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum 
or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. Therefore, the liquidity 
and market value of the Notes may be significantly adversely affected and investors who sell 
Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment. 
Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework may 
have an impact on the Issuer' liabilities under the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
dated 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the BRRD ) entered into force on 2 July 2014. 
The stated aim of the BRRD and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union of 15 July 2014 (the SRM Regulation) is to provide 
for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, 
stated to be needed to provide the authority designated by each EU Member State (the 
Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in 
an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical 
financial and economic functions while minimizing the impact of an institution’s failure on the 
economy and financial system (including taxpayers’ exposure to losses). Under the SRM 
Regulation, a centralized power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single

--- Page 24 ---
Page 24 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Resolution Board (the SRB) and to the national resolution authorities. The powers provided to 
the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-down/conversion 
powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (including senior debt instruments if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb 
all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with 
a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power). The conditions for resolution under the French 
Monetary and Financial Code implementing the BRRD are deemed to be met when: (i) the 
Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the institution is 
failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a 
resolution measure would prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe, and (iii) a 
resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution objectives (in particular, 
ensuring the continuity of critical functions, avoiding a significant adverse effect on the 
financial system, protecting public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public 
financial support, and protecting client funds and assets) and winding up of the institution under 
normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent. 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination 
with a resolution measure where the conditions for resolution are met, fully or partially write-
down or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (subject to conditions) into equity when it determines that the institution or its group 
will no longer be viable unless such write down or conversion power is exercised or when the 
institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when extraordinary public 
financial support is provided in the form defined in Article L.613-48 III, 3° of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code).  
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into 
ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the variation of the terms of 
the Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary 
suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial support should only 
be used as a last resort after having assessed and applied, to the maximum extent practicable, 
the resolutions measures, including the Bail-in Power. No support will be available until a 
minimum amount of contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization of 8% of total liabilities 
including own funds has been made by shareholders, holders of capital instruments and other 
bailinable liabilities through write down, conversion or otherwise. 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader 
powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the 
conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution’s 
business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or 
substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the 
terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable 
and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an 
interim administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial 
instruments. 
Before taking a resolution measure, including implementing the Bail-in Power, or exercising 
the power to write-down or convert to equity relevant debt instruments, the Resolution 
Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities of 
the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority. 
It should be noted that the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted 
the Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (the BRRD Revision 
and together with the BRRD, the BRRD II) and the Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May

--- Page 25 ---
Page 25 
WS0101.32545672.1 
2019 amending the SRM Regulation (the SRM Regulation Revision and together with the SRM 
Regulation, the SRM Regulation II). These amending texts were published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. The BRRD 
Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au 
régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020. 
With respect to the OFH, Article L. 613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
provides that the relevant Resolution Authority shall not exercise the Bail-in Power in 
relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of 
financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover 
pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds. 
Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the Bail-in Power would still include the 
claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to 
the extent that the bond liability would exceed the value of the cover pool collateral against 
which it is secured. 
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, 
or any suggestions of such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and as a result investors may lose 
a part of their investment. Moreover, if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the 
existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the 
resolution authority independently of a resolution measure with respect to capital instruments 
(including subordinated debt instruments) or in combination with a resolution measure when it 
determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market price 
or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such 
powers. 
Noteholders’ returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
The Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is subject to 
the provisions of Articles L.613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. These 
provisions include specific rules on the opening of an insolvency proceeding against the Issuer, 
the involvement of the ACPR in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, specific concepts of 
suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer and some specific rules of 
liquidation for the Issuer. As a general principle, the above-mentioned insolvency and 
reorganisation rules favour the continuation of a business and protection of employment over 
the payment of creditors.  
However, the Issuer, as a SFH, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from the 
French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. Nonetheless, if the Issuer were to 
become insolvent, Noteholders’ returns could be limited or delayed. Application of French 
insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes (such as the 
non-payment of interest and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable 
to Noteholders as the insolvency laws of other countries. 
In addition, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped 
into a single assembly of holders (the Assembly) in order to defend their common interests if 
an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated 
financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée), a safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
Page 26 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the 
Notes), whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Note 
programme) and regardless of their governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft 
accelerated safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial 
reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer and may further 
agree to:  
• 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) 
by rescheduling payments which are due and/or partially or totally writing-off debts;  
• 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the 
Noteholders) as appropriate under the circumstances; and/or  
• 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give or may give 
a right to share capital. 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority (calculated as a 
proportion of the amount of debt securities held by the holders who have casted a vote at such 
Assembly). No quorum is required on convocation of the Assembly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders 
described in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions and if applicable, the relevant Final 
Terms, will not be applicable with respect to the Assembly to the extent they conflict with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a negative impact 
on the market value of the Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. As a 
result of the operation of the legal framework of SFH, in the case of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of Noteholders to enforce their rights under the 
Notes may be limited. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
AAA by Fitch Ratings and Aaa by Moody's, as described in the section "General Description 
of the Programme". The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings may not continue for any period 
of time or may be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies 
as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating 
Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited 
ratings to the Notes. If non-solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings may differ from, or be 
lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer.

--- Page 27 ---
Page 27 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation 
Pursuant to Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions, if any law should require that any 
payments in respect of any Notes, Receipts or Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction 
in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by 
the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders may receive less than the full amount 
due, and the market value of such Notes will be adversely affected. As a result, they could lose 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of 
Notes may carry varying risks for prospective investors, depending on the specific structure 
and features of such Notes.  
Notes subject to early redemption by the Issuer 
Pursuant to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, and if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem in whole or in part the Notes prior 
to their Maturity Date through the exercise of the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The 
Notes will also be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in case of illegality (in accordance with 
Condition 6(i)). 
At those times, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the yield 
of the Notes that could be considerably less than anticipated by the Noteholders. Prospective 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
In addition, any optional redemption of the Notes by the Issuer is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be 
true prior to any redemption period. If they have acquired the Notes when they were trading 
above par, such Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase after the issuance of 
the Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes and investors may lose all or part of 
their investment. 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) are exposed 
to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate 
Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) are 
exposed to the risk that they cannot anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. 
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield for Floating 
Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, and therefore their investment return cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods and this will adversely 
affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
Page 28 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Risk relating to benchmark reforms and licensing 
Where the Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) 
or other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks, investors should be aware that the latest 
have been the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past 
or disappear entirely or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on 
any Notes linked to such a benchmark. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(as amended, the Benchmark Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European 
Union. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). Under article 51 of Benchmark Regulation, an index provider may 
continue to provide an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or 
an existing benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing 
and new financial instruments until 31 December 2021. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmark Regulation by extending the 
transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until 
the end of 2021. 
The Benchmark Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to 
deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring 
the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or 
the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback 
provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the benchmark 
concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii) 
of the Terms and Conditions a benchmark is replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects 
or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the 
benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such benchmark may 
be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark 
and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties 
as to the application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended 
until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end 
of 2025, if necessary. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes which pay a floating 
rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes). In particular, if 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark (such as EURIBOR) are changed in order to

--- Page 29 ---
Page 29 
WS0101.32545672.1 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the level or volatility of 
such benchmark. In addition, market participants may be discouraged from continuing to 
administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules or methodologies used in the 
benchmarks may change, which may lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of these 
changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to 
a benchmark. 
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate 
is identified, this may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being 
subject to replacement as described in "If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, 
the applicable floating rate of interest will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders 
of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained" below, 
and the interest rate on such Notes will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, 
effectively converting such Notes into fixed rate instruments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of 
European Union, United Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for 
reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes could have a negative impact on the trading 
market for, value of and return on the Notes.  
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest 
will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) of the Terms and Conditions which applies to any Notes 
which pay a floating rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in the Terms and Conditions will include 
the possibility that: 
i. 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the 
case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as 
applicable); and  
ii. 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate 
or alternative rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) which are made in order to 
effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history 
and accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or 
elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of successor or alternative rate (as applicable) and the involvement 
of a Rate Determination Agent, the fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time and the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from 
the discontinued benchmark. These could significantly affect the performance of a successor or 
alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the historical and expected performance of 
EURIBOR or the applicable benchmark.

--- Page 30 ---
Page 30 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately compensate for 
this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and due to 
the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favorable to 
each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the 
affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based 
on the relevant reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs 
replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor or alternative rate (as applicable). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where 
no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for 
the last preceding Interest Period is used for the following Interest Period. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes and Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
(as applicable).  
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and 
the affected Notes are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors 
holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest 
rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading 
value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. There is a high probability that 
certain IBORs will cease to exist or undergo changes that could increase the likelihood of the 
risks set out above materializing. 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed / Floating Rate Notes (as further described in Condition 5(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions) may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate 
to another fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate. The spread on the Fixed / 
Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may at 
any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. The conversion of the interest 
rate may affect the market yield of the Notes. The movements of the market spread can 
negatively affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes (as further described in Condition 5(e) of the Terms 
and Conditions) and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount. The market value of such Notes tends to fluctuate more in relation to general changes 
in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the 
Notes. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms may 
not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that the Issuer intends 
to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to finance or refinance, in part or 
in full, eligible activities included or to be included in the SFH cover pool (such activities the 
Eligible Activities), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three 
pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential

--- Page 31 ---
Page 31 
WS0101.32545672.1 
negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly identified as defined in the sustainable 
and positive impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
Framework) 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Société 
Générale 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Financi%C3%
A8res/sg_sustainable_and_positive_impact_bond_framework_june_2020.pdf) 
and 
as 
specified in the Final Terms (the Positive Impact Notes). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework inter alia (i) complies with the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association, and (ii) aligns with the Principles for Positive Impact 
Finance published by the United Nations Environment Programme - Finance Initiative. It being 
specified that (i) such definition and guidelines may evolve from time to time and/or (ii) the 
Issuer may decide to depart from such definition and guidelines, in which cases such 
information will be specified in the Framework. 
It should be noted that Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of June 18, 2020 (as amended, the Taxonomy 
Regulation) was recently adopted to establish a classification system for environmentally 
sustainable economic activities in the EU. The Taxonomy Regulation will apply from January 
1, 2022, subject to the adoption of delegated regulations and/or regulatory technical standards 
thereunder. It remains unclear, at this stage, how and to what extent this classification system 
will apply to "sustainable", "green" or equivalently-labelled Notes, projects, investments or 
assets. In addition, the EU Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (the TEG) published 
a draft EU standard for "green" bonds (as amended, the EU Green Bond Standard), which 
links the definition of a green bond (in particular the use-of-proceeds component thereof) to the 
Taxonomy Regulation. As the EU Green Bond Standard is being developed, the impact of the 
EU Green Bond Standard on the Notes cannot be determined at this stage. The Framework, the 
use of an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the Notes or the Eligible Activities may not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, the relevant requirements of the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
final EU Green Bond Standard or any similar legislative or regulatory requirements, or any 
present and/or future investor expectations or requirements. Furthermore, the Eligible Activities 
may be adversely impacted by environmental, social and/or other factors during the 
implementation thereof. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any 
Positive Impact Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms and the 
Framework, the application of the net proceeds of the Positive Impact Notes (as described in 
section "Use of Proceeds" of the relevant Final Terms), may not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such net proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible 
Activity. 
Such Eligible Activity may also not be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the "sustainable and positive impact" aspect) 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
(i) constitute an Event of Default or (ii) give a right to the Noteholders to request the early 
redemption or acceleration of the Positive Impact Notes held by it or (iii) lead to an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem the Positive Impact Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply all or part of the net proceeds of any issue of Positive Impact 
Notes for any Eligible Activity as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any second party opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such second party opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Positive Impact Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular

--- Page 32 ---
Page 32 
WS0101.32545672.1 
purpose and as a result, would have to dispose of the Positive Impact Notes at their prevailing 
market value. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal 
and interest (as the case may be) on the Positive Impact Notes shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Activities. 
3. 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings 
of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, the market interest and yield rates 
and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes that may be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market depends on several interrelated factors, including economic, financial, 
regulatory and political events in France and elsewhere, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a 
Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. Therefore, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
In addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the Final terms and the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date, the 
payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become 
due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. In this scenario, Noteholders will be further 
exposed to market risks until the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a result, the situation of the 
Issuer might adversely change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and the market value of the Notes between the Final Maturity Date and the 
Extended Final Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
A trading market may not develop or continue or may not be liquid 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may 
not develop in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and 
the market prices for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic 
conditions, the Issuer’s financial condition and prospects and other factors that generally 
influence the market prices of securities. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Moreover, although the Issuer can purchase Notes at any moment pursuant to Condition 6(f) of 
the Terms and Conditions, this is not an obligation for the Issuer. Purchases made by the Issuer 
could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the relevant Notes and thus the price and 
the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary market. 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of French Law Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other 
stock exchange, any particular application may not be accepted, such Series of Notes may not 
be so admitted, an active trading market in respect of such Series may not develop or, once 
accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing may be suspended or terminated during

--- Page 33 ---
Page 33 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the life of the Notes of such Series. Such situation could materially affect the market value of 
the Notes. 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss 
This Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 
5(a) of the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of 
the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes, and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s 
Currency.

--- Page 34 ---
Page 34 
WS0101.32545672.1 
3. 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Independent review and advice  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review 
and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its 
acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, 
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions 
applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prospective investors should also 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the Notes and all 
other relevant market and economic factors as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other 
member of the group in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of 
the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Assessment of investment suitability 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own financial circumstances and investment objectives, and only after careful 
consideration with its financial, legal, tax and other advisers. In particular, each prospective 
investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained in or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant interest rates and financial markets; 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and

--- Page 35 ---
Page 35 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(f) 
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of 
the applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular 
type of Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A prospective investor should not invest in 
Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with 
a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
prospective investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay 
taxes or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the 
jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s country 
of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the securities. In 
some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be 
available for innovative financial notes, such as the Notes. Prospective investors are advised to 
ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
No legal and tax advice 
Each prospective investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of 
an investment in the Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by 
the tax on that Noteholder of its investment in the Notes. 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction 
costs. 
Legality of Purchase 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Agents or any of their respective affiliates has 
or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective 
purchaser of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the 
jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors can be subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations and/or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes constitute legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing, and (3) 
other restrictions that could apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. None of the Issuer, 
the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for 
the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory 
policy applicable to it.

--- Page 36 ---
Page 36 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Conflicts of interests in respect of Société Générale 
With respect to the Notes, conflicts of interest may arise as a result of various factors involving 
in particular Société Générale, its affiliates and the other parties named herein. For example, 
such potential conflicts may arise because Société Générale acts in several capacities under the 
operating of the Issuer and the Programme, as Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, Dealer as well 
as Borrower under the Facility Agreement and controlling shareholder of the Issuer (see also 
the section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale").  
In particular, whilst Société Générale has information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged 
in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable 
by the Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Even if their respective rights and obligations under the Programme are not conflicting and are 
independent from one another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities 
under the Programme, Société Générale and/or its affiliates may be in a situation of conflict of 
interests. Société Générale and/or such affiliates will only have the duties and responsibilities 
expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of its or any 
of its affiliates acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities 
or be deemed to hold a duty of care other than as expressly provided in respect of each such 
capacity. 
Also during their business activities, the parties to the Programme and/or any of their respective 
affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, 
which are in the same markets as the underlying home loans.

--- Page 37 ---
Page 37 
WS0101.32545672.1 
4. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
which have been previously or simultaneously published and filed with the AMF and which are 
incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the "Société Générale SFH – Rapport financier annuel 2020", including inter alia: 
i. 
"Société Générale SFH – Rapport de gestion présenté par le conseil 
d’administration à l’assemblée générale annuelle du 18 mai 2021" (the 2020 
Annual Report);  
ii. 
"Société Générale SFH – Comptes annuels au 31/12/2020" including the "Société 
Générale SFH Tableau des Flux de Trésorerie" which contains the audited cash 
flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 (the 2020 Annual Accounts);  
iii. 
"Société Générale SFH – Exercice clos le 31 décembre 2020 – Rapport des 
commissaires aux comptes sur les comptes annuels" (the 2020 Auditors’ Report); 
and 
iv. 
"Déclaration des personnes physiques qui assument la responsabilité du rapport 
annuel 2020" (together with the 2020 Annual Report, the 2020 Annual Accounts 
and the 2020 Auditors' Report, all in French language, the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-04/SG-SFH-
Rapport-Financier-Annuel-31-12-2020.pdf); 
• 
the "Société Générale SFH – Rapport financier annuel 2019", including inter alia: 
i. 
"Société Générale SFH – Rapport de gestion présenté par le conseil 
d’administration à l’assemblée générale mixte annuelle du 18 mai 2020" (the 2019 
Annual Report);  
ii. 
"Société Générale SFH – Comptes annuels au 31/12/2019" including the "Société 
Générale SFH Tableau des Flux de Trésorerie" which contains the audited cash 
flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 (the 2019 Annual Accounts);  
iii. 
"Société Générale SFH – Exercice clos le 31 décembre 2019 – Rapport des 
commissaires aux comptes sur les comptes annuels" (the 2019 Auditors’ Report); 
and 
iv. 
"Déclaration des personnes physiques qui assument la responsabilité du rapport 
annuel 2019" (together with the 2019 Annual Report, the 2019 Annual Accounts 
and the 2019 Auditors' Report, all in French language, the 2019 Annual Financial 
Report 
 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Fina
nci%C3%A8res/2019/sg_sfh-rapport_financier_annuel_20191231.pdf); 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
29 
April 
2011 
(the 
2011 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%202011%
20-%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%2029%20April%202011);

--- Page 38 ---
Page 38 
WS0101.32545672.1 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
27 April 2012 
(the 
2012 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%202012%
20-%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%2027%20April%202012);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
3 May 2013 
(the 
2013 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%202013%
20-%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%203%20May%202013);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
16 
March 
2015 
(the 
2015 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink 
: 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%20-
%20EMTN%20Programme%20dated%2016%20March%202015);  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
20 
May 
2016 
(the 
2016 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%20EMTN
%20_Base%20Prospectus_dated%2020%20May%202016); 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
19 
May 
2017 
(the 
2017 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20SFH%20EMTN
_Base%20Prospectus_dated%2019%20May%202017); 
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
30 
May 
2018 
(the 
2018 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20SFH%20_base_
prospectus_dated%2030%20May%202018); and  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
29 
May 
2019 
(the 
2019 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Société%20Générale%20SFH%20EMTN
%20_Base%20Prospectus_dated%2029%20May%202019; and  
• 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 
June 
2020 
(the 
2020 
EMTN 
Conditions 
- 
Hyperlink : 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20SFH%20EMTN
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%203%20June%202020 and together with the 2011 
EMTN Conditions, the 2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 
EMTN Conditions, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 
EMTN Conditions and the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the EMTN Previous Conditions) in 
each case for the purpose only of further issue of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and 
form a single series with Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous 
Conditions. 
Any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and in any Supplement may 
be obtained, without charge and upon request, at the registered office of the Issuer as set out at 
the end of this Base Prospectus during normal business hours for so long as any of the Notes 
are outstanding. This Base Prospectus (together with any Supplement to the Base Prospectus) 
will be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/) and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus will be published on the website http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/investisseurs.

--- Page 39 ---
Page 39 
WS0101.32545672.1 
For the avoidance of doubt no information or documents available on the Issuer website, other 
than the 2020 Annual Financial Report, the 2019 Annual Financial Report and the EMTN 
Previous Conditions, shall be incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise explicitly 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, the 
information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall be read in connection with the cross-reference list below. Any information not listed in 
the cross-reference list but included in the documents incorporated by reference is either not 
relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
5. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex VI of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
2020 Annual Financial Report 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
Pages 64 to 66 of the 
2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Pages 68 to 69 of the 
2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 71 to 101 of the 
2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Pages 102 to 103 of 
the 2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Statutory Auditors’ Report 
Pages 104 to 110 of 
the 2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
2020 Annual Report  
Pages 8 to 42 of the 
2020 Annual 
Financial Report 
Age of financial information 
31/12/2020 
2019 Annual Financial Report 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet 
Pages 66 to 68 of the 
2019 Annual 
Financial Report

--- Page 40 ---
Page 40 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 70 of the 2019 
Annual Financial 
Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 72 to 99 of the 
2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 100 of the 2019 
Annual Financial 
Report 
Statutory Auditors’ Report 
Pages 101 to 107 of 
the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
2019 Annual Report  
Page 7 to 42 of the 
2019 Annual 
Financial Report  
Age of financial information 
31/12/2019 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series 
with Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2011 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 64 to 89 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 57 to 83 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 56 to 81 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 95 to 126 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 90 to 120 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 91 to 121 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 95 to 131 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 103 to 144 
2020 EMTN Coditions 
Page 69 to 110 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 29 April 2011, the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 April 2012, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
3 May 2013, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 March 2015, the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 20 May 2016, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 May 2017, the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 May 2018, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 May 
2019 and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 June 2020 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 41 ---
Page 41 
WS0101.32545672.1 
6. 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained and incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts in any material respect and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility 
accordingly. 
 
Paris, 9 June 2021 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH 
17, cours Valmy 
92800 PUTEAUX 
France 
 
 
Duly represented by Arnaud Mezrahi 
in its capacity as Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué) of the Issuer

--- Page 42 ---
Page 42 
WS0101.32545672.1 
7. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense cedex 
France 
 
 
 
Appointment date: 17 May 2016 
Appointment termination date: date of the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting approving 
the Annual Accounts as of 
31 December 2021 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
 
 
France 
 
 
Appointment date: 18 May 2021 
Appointment termination date: date of the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting approving 
the Annual Accounts as of 
31 December 2026

--- Page 43 ---
Page 43 
WS0101.32545672.1 
8. 
SUMMARY OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE FINANCEMENT DE L’HABITAT AND OTHER LEGAL 
ISSUES 
Legal framework 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to SFH results 
from the following provisions: 
(a) 
Articles L.513-3, L.513-5, L.513-7 to L.513-26 and L.513-28 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
(b) 
Article 74 of law n°. 2010-1249 of 22 October 2010 on banking and financial 
regulation; 
(c) 
Articles R.513-1, R.513-3, R.513-4, R.513-6 to R.513-12, R.513-14 and R.513-15 to 
R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
(d) 
the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la 
Réglementation Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation 
Committee) as it may be amended from time to time (the CRBF Regulation);  
(e) 
the various ACPR’s instructions applicable to SFH. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations de financement de l’habitat 
SFH are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) and authorised to 
act as SFH by the ACPR.  
The exclusive legal purpose of the SFH is to grant or finance home loans and hold securities 
and instruments under the conditions set out in the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to SFH on the date hereof, 
the eligible assets to a SFH may only be:  
(a) 
home loans (prêts à l'habitat) which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage 
(hypothèque de premier rang) or other real estate security interests that are equivalent 
to a first-ranking mortgage (within the meaning of Article R.513-4 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code), or that are guaranteed by a credit institution, a 
financing company (société de financement), or an insurance company. The property 
must be located in France or in any other Member State of the European Union or the 
EEA or in a State that qualifies for the credit quality step 1 (meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) given by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR as 
provided in Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
loans granted by it to any credit institution and guaranteed by the transfer (remise), 
the assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of home loans receivables (as 
defined in paragraph (a) above); 
(c) 
units or notes (other than subordinated units or subordinated notes) issued by French 
securitisation vehicles (organismes de titrisation) or any other similar foreign 
vehicles within (i) the limit of ten per cent (10%) of the nominal amount of the notes

--- Page 44 ---
Page 44 
WS0101.32545672.1 
and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) the other conditions set out 
in the legal framework of SFH;  
(d) 
under the conditions set out in Article L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Articles L.313-42 to L.313-48 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code and which represent receivables arising 
from the secured home loans receivables referred to in (a) above. 
In the case of the Issuer, the eligible assets are loans referred to in (b) above granted by the 
Issuer to Société Générale in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreement and that 
are fully secured by the transfers by way of security of the full title (remise en pleine propriété 
à titre de garantie) of guaranteed home loan receivables in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the 
provisions of Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the 
provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement. 
The sociétés de financement de l'habitat are not allowed to make any other investments, except 
investments in securities, instruments or deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid to be 
held as so-called substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), as defined in Articles R.513-6 
and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code as follows: 
(a) 
securities, instruments and deposits due or guaranteed by credit institutions or 
investment firms benefiting of the first highest level of credit quality (meilleur 
échelon de qualité de crédit) established by an external rating agency recognized by 
the ACPR; and 
(b) 
securities, instruments or deposits with a residual maturity of less than a hundred 
(100) calendar days due or guaranteed by credit institutions or investment companies 
of a Member State of the European Union or the European Economic Area benefiting 
from the second highest level of credit quality (second meilleur échelon de qualité de 
crédit) established by an external rating agency recognised by the ACPR; and 
(c) 
debt securities (titres de créances) issued or fully guaranteed by public sector entities 
referred to in paragraph I, 1 to 5, of Article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and cash invested on accounts opened within the books of a central 
bank of a Member State of the European Union which comply with the criteria listed 
in 1(a) of Article 416 of the Capital Requirements Regulation no. 575/2013 dated 
26 June 2013 as amended from time to time; and 
(d) 
debt securities (titres de créances) issued or fully guaranteed by a central 
administration of a Member state of the European Union and cash invested on 
accounts opened within the books of a central bank of a Member State of the European 
Union which comply with the criteria listed in 1(a) of Article 416 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 as amended from time to 
time. 
Reference to long term or short term of the evaluation of the credit to be taken into account 
correspond to the residual maturity of the exposure. 
The total amount of such substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement) shall not exceed fifteen 
per cent. (15%) of (i) the total outstanding nominal amount of the OFH and (ii) other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, save if substitution assets set out in paragraph (d) above are held 
for the purpose of the coverage of the liquidity needs in accordance with provisions of Article 
R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code for which the limit applicable is the amount 
of such liquidity needs. In addition, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article R.513-6 of the French

--- Page 45 ---
Page 45 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Monetary and Financial Code, certain substitution assets are not taken into account in the 
calculation of the above percentage such as, without limitation, any cash collateral received 
from credit institutions by the SFH to secure all or part of its assets. 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must send to the ACPR no later than 
on June 10 of each year information relating to the quality of its assets. This report is published 
within forty-five (45) calendar days of a general meeting approving the Issuer's financial 
statements of the year then ended. In particular, the characteristics, details of the distribution of 
loans, exposures and guarantees, the total of any unpaid amounts, the distribution of debts by 
amount and by category of debtors, the proportion of early repayments, the liquidity needs of 
the Issuer for a hundred and eighty (180) calendar days period and the level and sensitivity of 
the position of rates are required to be included as part of the latter report.  
In addition, according to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 
Article 13 bis of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer must publish within forty-five (45) calendar 
days of the end of every quarter a report containing the same information relating to the quality 
of its assets. Such report is available for viewing on the website of Société Générale 
(http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-notre-performance/investisseurs/investisseurs-
dette). 
Finally, a SFH may acquire and own any immovable or movable property which is necessary 
for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from recovery of the 
receivables it holds. 
A SFH is not entitled to hold any equity interest (participations) in any entity in accordance 
with Article L.513-29, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
See also section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Issuer’s exclusive purpose and business 
overview". 
Privilège and liabilities 
Privilège 
The OFH issued by SFH, together with the other resources raised pursuant to an agreement or 
a document designed to inform the public (within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code) or any equivalent document required for the admission to trading 
on foreign regulated markets which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from 
derivative transactions relating to the hedging of OFH and other privileged debts in accordance 
with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code benefit from the Privilège 
set out under Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any 
legal provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in the Code de 
commerce (the French Commercial Code) relating to the prevention and conciliation of 
business difficulties, to the safeguard and to the judicial administration and liquidation of 
companies: 
(a) 
the sums deriving from the loans, or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities 
eligible to the assets of a SFH in the meaning of Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code and from the financial instruments used for 
hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, after set-off as the case may be, together with the claims in respect of deposits 
made by the SFH with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of

--- Page 46 ---
Page 46 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the OFH, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège as mentioned in Article 
L.513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code, to derivative transactions 
used for hedging purpose, under the condition of Article L.513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, except those used to hedge non-privileged debts, and 
to other ancillary expenses and sums expressly referred to in Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
when a SFH is subject to any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or to 
conciliation proceedings with its creditors (procédure de conciliation), the amounts 
due regularly from the operations referred to in Article L.513-30-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to 
all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. No other creditor of a SFH may exercise any 
right over the assets and rights of such SFH until all creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège have been fully paid off; and 
(c) 
the judicial liquidation of a SFH, will not result in the acceleration of payment of OFH 
and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
Non-privileged debts 
SFH may also raise other resources which do not benefit from the Privilège. Such other 
resources include: 
(a) 
loans or resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform 
the public (within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code) or any equivalent document required for the admission to trading on 
foreign regulated markets that does not mention the Privilège; 
(b) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued pursuant to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code in order to refinance home loans receivables that meet legal criteria of Article 
L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as an exception to Article 
L.313-42 of the said code; and 
(c) 
temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pledge of a securities account as defined 
in Article L.211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and transfer of all or 
part of its receivables in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or in 
accordance with Articles L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, regardless of their professional nature. The receivables and securities so 
refinanced are not taken into account for the purpose of determining the cover ratio 
of the resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which Article R.513-
19 of the same code expressly refers, the Issuer may only finance the home loans through 
issuance of OFH or other resources benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of the 
following amounts:  
- 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan;

--- Page 47 ---
Page 47 
WS0101.32545672.1 
- 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of 
the charged residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable 
"financing portion" (quotité de financement) referred to in Article R.513-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (which in respect of certain home loans is 80%). 
Pursuant to Article R.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which Article R.513-
19 of the same code expressly refers, the Issuer may only finance the asset backed securities 
through issuance of OFH or other resources benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of 
the following amounts:  
- 
the outstanding principal amount of such asset backed securities;  
- 
the sum of (i) the capital remaining due under loans composing the assets of such 
securitisation vehicle and (ii) the liquidities of such securitisation vehicle as defined 
in Article R.214-220 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate for guaranteed home loans or of 
the charged residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable 
"financing portion" (quotité de financement) referred to in Article R.513-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (which in respect of home loans is 80%). This 
product shall be increased by the liquidities of the securitisation vehicle as defined in 
Article R.214-220 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
These amounts are those as of the date of the launch of the securitization vehicle, as of the date 
of any subsequent reloading or as of the date of the asset backed securities entering in the assets 
of the Issuer. 
Cover ratio 
SFH must at any time maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège. According to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, SFH must at all times maintain a cover ratio of at least one hundred and five 
per cent. (105%) of the total amount of their liabilities which benefit from the Privilège by the 
total amount of their assets, including the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement).  
For the calculation of this cover ratio, when the assets comprise receivables secured by 
collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 
to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not replacement assets 
(valeurs de remplacement), the SFH must take into account the assets received as collateral 
rather than the secured receivables.  
Calculation of this cover ratio is set out in the CRBF Regulation pursuant to which the ratio's 
denominator (Article 8 of the CRBF Regulation) is composed of OFH and other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, and the ratio's numerator (Article 9 of the CRBF Regulation) is 
composed of all the assets of the SFH, after application of a specific weighting percentage or 
reduction depending on the nature of the exposure.  
SFH must appoint a Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the ACPR 
whose task is to ensure that the cover ratio is complied with at all times. In particular, the 
Specific Controller must certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the SFH's 
quarterly issuances programme benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any specific issue also 
benefiting from the Privilège whose amount is equal to or greater than Euro 500 million. The 
Specific Controller must verify the quality of the assets, the process of yearly revaluation and 
the quality of the asset liability management. The Specific Controller (as further described in

--- Page 48 ---
Page 48 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the paragraph entitled "Specific Controller" below) has access to information that allows 
confirmation of each issue’s compliance with the cover ratio.  
This cover ratio is published quarterly (on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December) 
by the Issuer, and the most updated cover ratio is available for viewing on the website of Société 
Générale 
(http://www.societegenerale.com/fr/mesurer-notre-
performance/investisseurs/investisseurs-dette).  
As of 31 December 2020, the cover ratio certified by the Specific Controller was 111.26%. 
Liquidity coverage  
In accordance with Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a SFH must 
ensure at any time the funding of its liquidity needs over a period of one hundred and eighty 
(180) calendar days, taking into account the provisional fund flows arising from the principal 
and interest amounts over its assets and the net flows relating to the forward financial 
instruments (instruments financiers à terme) referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. The needs in cash are covered with replacement assets (valeurs 
de remplacement) complying with the provisions of Articles R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and assets which are eligible for the credit operations of 
the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth by the latter 
in the context of its monetary policy and intraday credit operations. 
In addition, pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, as amended, issued by the Banking and Financial 
Regulation Committee (Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière ), SFH must 
ensure that the average life of the eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum amount 
required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, does not exceed more than 18 months the average life of its liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège. 
In the case where the assets of the SFH are composed of receivables guaranteed by collateral 
assets in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 
à L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, if these assets are not replacement 
assets (valeurs de remplacement), the liquidity needs are evaluated by considering the assets 
transferred as collateral security (and not the receivables).  
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, a SFH may also, by derogation to the provisions of Articles 1349 of the 
French Code civil and L.228-44 to L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code, subscribe for its 
own OFH, for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) in 
order to secure the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in 
accordance with the terms and conditions determined by the Banque de France for its monetary 
and intraday credit policy, if the SFH is not able to cover its cash needs with the other means 
available to it, provided that: 
(a) 
the total amount of the OFH subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten per cent. 
(10%) of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from 
the Privilège as of the date of their subscription; 
(b) 
such OFH are disentitled of their rights under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the 
French Commercial Code as long as the SFH holds them;

--- Page 49 ---
Page 49 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(c) 
such OFH are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-day period 
starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such Notes 
shall be cancelled by the SFH at the end of such 8-day period); and 
(d) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the OFH subscribed by the SFH in accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions 
of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, shall be cancelled within an 
8-day period starting from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the 
Banque de France. 
Hedging 
The Issuer may enter into financial instruments to hedge its interest rate and currency risks on 
the loans and exposures referred to in Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, on the OFH and on other resources whether or not benefiting from the 
Privilège. Any amounts payable pursuant to these financial instruments (including any 
termination costs, if any), after the applicable set-off as the case may be, benefit from the 
Privilège, unless such financial instruments were not concluded by the Issuer to hedge items of 
its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, liabilities and off-balance 
sheet items in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
Insolvency derogating regime 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of any 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the SFH’s shareholders to the 
SFH. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code provides for a regime which derogates in many ways 
from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings in particular: 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la 
période suspecte) are not applicable to contracts concluded by a SFH, or to legal 
transactions made by or in favour of SFH, as far as such contracts or transactions are 
directly related to the transactions referred to in Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires of a shareholder 
of the Issuer cannot be extended to the Issuer; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, any 
service/loan agreement pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to another credit 
institution or financing company (société de financement) the management or the 
recovery of loans, exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, instruments, bonds or 
other sources of financing may be immediately terminated upon the opening of 
bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de sauvegarde financière accélérée, 
de sauvegarde accélérée, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaire) affecting that 
credit institution or financing company (société de financement); 
- 
pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of 
procédure de sauvegarde, procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires or

--- Page 50 ---
Page 50 
WS0101.32545672.1 
conciliation proceedings (procédure de conciliation) of the Issuer, all cash flows 
generated by the assets of the Issuer are allocated as a matter of absolute priority to 
servicing liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, in 
preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until 
payment in full of the liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège, no other 
creditors may take any action against the assets of the Issuer. 
Specific Controller 
In each SFH, a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) (the Specific Controller) and a 
substitute Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are in charge of ensuring the 
compliance of the SFH with the legal framework described above. The Specific Controller and 
the substitute Specific Controller are selected from the official list of auditors and appointed by 
the officers of the SFH with the approval of the ACPR. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the tasks of the 
Specific Controller are: 
(a) 
to ensure that the SFH complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
to certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the SFH's quarterly 
programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources 
benefiting from the Privilège and whose amount is equal to or greater than Euro 500 
million;  
(c) 
to ensure that the home loans (prêts à l’habitat) granted or refinanced by the SFH 
comply with the purpose of Article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code and with the requirements set out in Articles L.513-29 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(d) 
to control, when the home loans (prêts à l’habitat) granted or financed by the SFH are 
subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from another credit institution, financing 
company (société de financement) or insurance company included in the consolidation 
scope, as defined by Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code as applicable to 
the SFH, the risks assessment methods established by such credit institution, financing 
company (société de financement) or insurance company are adequate, in accordance 
with Article R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(e) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate and maturity 
matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the Specific Controller believes 
that the level of rate and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors 
benefiting from the Privilège, the Specific Controller informs the officers of the relevant 
SFH and the ACPR. 
The Specific Controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by 
the board of directors of the SFH (Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code). 
The Specific Controller is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to 
the fulfilment of its mission and to perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in 
the premises of the SFH. The Specific Controller prepares annual reports on the 
accomplishment of his missions to the management of the SFH, a copy of which is delivered to 
the ACPR.

--- Page 51 ---
Page 51 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Basel Capital Accord and regulatory capital requirements 
The regulatory capital framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
in 2006, or the "Basel II framework" has not been fully implemented in all participating 
countries. The implementation of the framework in relevant jurisdictions may affect the risk-
weighting of the Notes for investors who are or may become subject to capital adequacy 
requirements that follow the framework. 
 
The Basel Committee has subsequently approved significant changes and extensions to the 
Basel II framework (such changes and extensions being commonly referred to as Basel III), 
including new capital and liquidity requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to 
establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions. In particular, the changes refer to, 
amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base (including an increase in the 
minimum Tier 1 capital requirement), measures to strengthen the capital requirements for 
counterparty credit exposures arising from certain transactions and the introduction of a 
leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for funding liquidity (the latter 
being referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding Ratio, 
respectively). The European authorities have now incorporated the Basel III framework into 
EU law, primarily through Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directive 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (Capital Requirements Directive –CRD) and 
Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms (CRR) known as the CRD IV-Package which entered into force in the 
EU on 1 January 2014. On 23 November 2016, the Commission proposed a new Regulation 
amending the CRR (the CRR Revision  and together with CRR, the CRR II) and a new 
Directive amending the CRD (the CRD Revision and together with the CRD, the CRD V) 
which, inter alia, simplified the Net Stable Funding Ratio. The CRR II and CRD V entered into 
force on 27 June 2019.  
 
The CRD Revision was implemented in France by an ordinance (Ordonnance n°2020-1635 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la légilsation au droit de l'Union européenne en 
matière financière) dated 21 December 2020 and a decree (Décret n°2020-1637 portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière et 
relative aux soiétés de financement) dated 22 December 2020. Certain portions of the CRR 
Revision apply immediately as from its entry into force (including those applicable to the new 
requirements for own funds and eligibile liabilities) while others shall apply several years after 
the date of its entry into force. The changes under CRR II, CRD V and Basel III may have an 
impact on the capital requirements in respect of the Notes and/or on incentives to hold the Notes 
for investors that are subject to requirements that follow the relevant framework and, as a result, 
may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes.  
 
Future changes to the SFH Legal Framework 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and the Council and Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160 of the European Parliament and the Council (together, the New EU Covered Bonds 
Framework) were definitely adopted on 27 November 2019 and published on 18 December 
2019. The directive must be transposed by EU Member States before July 2021 and the New 
EU Covered Bonds Framework will be effective on 8 July 2022 at the latest. 
The New EU Covered Bonds Framework is part of the Capital Markets Union action plan and 
aim to enable a more harmonized covered bond market in the European Union in order to 
improve the visibility and safety of covered bonds, as well as maintaining some elements arisen 
from regulations from the Member States of the European Union which have been useful for

--- Page 52 ---
Page 52 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the bulding of such market. The directive covers in particular requirements for issuing covered 
bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", structural 
features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, liquidity...) and regulatory 
supervision. The regulation would mainly amend Article 129 of CRR II and would add 
requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and substitution assets. The minimum 
overcollateralization would be set at 2 % and 5 % depending on the assets in the cover pool, 
based on a nominal calculation method. 
Potential impact of this New EU Covered Bonds Framework on the Issuer and the Covered 
Bonds should be relatively limited but cannot yet be fully estimated, some aspects depending 
on transposition. 
 Collateral Security 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Collateral Security 
The Collateral Security is governed by the provisions of Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, being the applicable rules of French law implementing Directive 
2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial 
collateral arrangements, which has been amended by Directive 2009/44/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 6 May 2009 (the Collateral Directive). 
It should be noted that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret Articles 
L.211-38-I et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Impact of the hardening period on the Collateral Security 
Under French law, the hardening period (période suspecte) is a period, the duration of which is 
determined by the bankruptcy judge upon the judgement recognising that the cessation of 
payments (cessation des paiements) of the insolvent company has occurred. The hardening 
period commences on the date of such judgement and extends for up to eighteen (18) months 
previous to the date of such judgement. 
Notwithstanding the above-mentioned, many arguments as described below would tend to 
consider that the French legal framework relating to the hardening period would not be 
applicable in the specific case of the Collateral Security, subject to any French case law that 
would decide in the future that the guarantees governed by Article L. 211-38-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code fall within the scope of the French legal framework relating to 
the hardening period. 
The arguments are the following: 
- 
Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code states that the provisions 
of book VI of the French Commercial Code (pertaining to insolvency proceedings as a 
matter of French law) shall not impede ("ne font pas obstacle") the application of Articles 
L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code;  
- 
given the provisions of the Collateral Directive, Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code would exclude application of Article L.632-1-6° of French 
Commercial Code, which provides for an automatic nullity of security interest granted 
during the hardening period to secure past obligations of a debtor and, therefore, that the 
Collateral Security, which is governed by Articles L.211-38-I et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, would not be avoided on the basis of said Article L.632-
1-6° of French Commercial Code;

--- Page 53 ---
Page 53 
WS0101.32545672.1 
- 
in the specific case of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code which provides 
for a potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à titre onéreux) if the counterparty 
of the debtor was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor was unable 
to pay its debts due with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements), Article 
L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that the provisions of 
Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code are not applicable to contracts 
concluded by a SFH, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of SFH, as far as such 
contracts or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Article 
L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Disproportionate guarantee 
Pursuant to Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code, a creditor may be held liable 
towards a bankrupt debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor entailed a damage and the 
security interest securing such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that 
credit. In such case, such security interest may be void or reduced by the judge. However, there 
is only few French case law decisions interpreting and implementing the provisions of Article 
L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code and accordingly, there is an uncertainty as to whether 
the provisions of Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code would apply to the Collateral 
Security. Moreover, Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly 
provides that the provisions of book VI of the French Commercial Code shall not impede (ne 
font pas obstacle) the application of Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, save in case of fraud.

--- Page 54 ---
Page 54 
WS0101.32545672.1 
9. 
[DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER]  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that, in the following section, the expression "Notes" 
will only include French Law Notes and the expression "Noteholder(s)" includes any holder of 
such Notes. 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) having opted 
for the status of SFH, incorporated under French law on 21 February 2003 for a period of 99 
years as a société anonyme à conseil d'administration. The Issuer was initially named "Virix"; 
it changed its name into "Société Générale France Habitat Financement" (SG FHF) on 10 
December 2010 and into "Société Générale SFH" on 18 April 2011. The Issuer is registered 
under the name of Société Générale SFH in the Commercial and Companies Registry (Registre 
du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Nanterre under number 445 345 507. The Issuer's office is at 
17, cours Valmy, 92800 Puteaux, France, its telephone number: +33 (0)1 42 14 29 22. On 28 
March 2011, the Issuer was authorised to act as a SFH by the ACPR. The Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuer is 969500KN90DZLHUN3566. The website of the Issuer is: 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/. 
The Issuer is governed by the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to commercial 
companies (sociétés commerciales) (including, without limitation, Articles L.210-1 et seq. of 
the French Commercial Code), to credit institutions and to SFH (Articles L.513-3, L.513-5, 
L.513-7 to L.513-26, L.513-28 et seq. and R.513-1, R.513-3, R.513-4, R.513-6 to R.513-12, 
R.513-14 and R.513-15 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, Article 74 of 
law no. 2010-1249 of 22 October 2010 on banking and financial regulation and the CRBF 
Regulation and the various ACPR’s instructions) (see section entitled "Summary of the 
legislation and regulations relating to SFH and other legal issues"). 
The Issuer is a member of the Société Générale group (the Group).  
Share capital 
The Issuer's share capital, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, amounts to EUR 375,000,000 
divided into 37,500,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares of EUR 10. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, 99.99 per cent of this share capital is owned by Société Générale and the remainder 
is owned by SOGEPARTS, a fully owned Société Générale’s affiliate, which holds one share 
of the Issuer share capital. 
 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to 
shares in the capital of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
On 4 August 2009, Société Générale formalised a declaration of financial support for its affiliate 
Société Générale SFH (formerly known as Société Générale France Habitat Financement ("SG 
FHF")). The text of the declaration of financial support is translated (for information purposes 
only) as follows: 
"Paris, 4 August 2009 
Dear Madam, 
Dear General Secretary, 
In order to allow Société Générale France Habitat Financement, a 99.9% affiliate of Société 
Générale, which has been licensed as a credit institution (établissement de crédit), to benefit

--- Page 55 ---
Page 55 
WS0101.32545672.1 
from the provisions of Article 4.1 of regulation no. 2000-03 of the Comité de la règlementation 
bancaire et financière, we hereby undertake to the Commission bancaire to grant Société 
Générale France Habitat Financement our support so as to ensure its general solvability and 
liquidity. Additionally, we will ensure that it will be managed in a reasonable manner pursuant 
to the applicable financial law. 
We will indeed inform you in advance of any change that would affect this representation if we 
wanted not to allow any more Société Générale France Habitat Financement to benefit from 
Article 4.1. In such a case, this representation would terminate on the date on which the 
Commission bancaire considers that Société Générale France Habitat Financement complies 
with the supervision rules on an individual or sub-consolidated basis. 
We hereby confirm to have the powers to make this representation and to have informed the 
board of directors of such representation during the meeting of 4 August 2009. 
Yours sincerely, 
Frédéric Oudéa" 
Original text in French: 
"Paris, le 4 août 2009 
Madame le Secrétaire Général, 
Souhaitant faire bénéficier Société Générale France Habitat Financement, filiale 99,9% de 
Société Générale ayant reçu l’agrément d'établissement de crédit, des dispositions de l’article 
4.1 du règlement n° 2000-03 du Comité de la règlementation bancaire et financière, nous 
déclarons à la Commission bancaire lui apporter notre soutien assurant sa solvabilité et sa 
liquidité globales. Nous veillerons en outre à ce qu'elle soit gérée de façon prudente au sens de 
la règlementation bancaire en vigueur. 
Nous vous informerons bien entendu préalablement de tout changement remettant en cause la 
présente déclaration si nous ne souhaitions plus voir Société Générale France Habitat 
Financement bénéficier de l’article 4.1. Dans ce cas, la présente déclaration cessera 
définitivement de produire effet à la date à laquelle la Commission bancaire constatera que 
Société Générale France Habitat Financement satisfait à la surveillance sur base individuelle 
ou sous-consolidée. 
Nous vous confirmons disposer des pouvoirs permettant d'effectuer la présente déclaration et 
en avoir informé le conseil d'administration du 4 août 2009. 
Nous vous prions d'agréer, Madame le Secrétaire Général, l'expression de notre considération 
distinguée. 
Frédéric Oudéa"

--- Page 56 ---
Page 56 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Diagram of the Issuer’s Group  
 
 
Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview 
The Issuer's shall only carry out the activities and operations, whether in France or abroad, that 
are expressly allowed to it under its legal exclusive purpose defined in Articles L.513-28 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code applicable to the SFH and in Article 5 of its by-
laws (statuts).  
For information regarding the agreements already entered into by the Issuer, at the date of the 
Base Prospectus, see section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société 
Générale". 
The Issuer may participate in any clearing system, interbank settlement system (système de 
règlements interbancaires), securities delivery and payment system (système de règlement-
livraison de titres), as well as any activity within the context of the monetary policy of the 
European Central Bank.  
More generally, the Issuer may perform any ancillary activities relating to its business or for 
the purpose of achieving its corporate purpose, as soon as these activities comply with the 
corporate purpose of SFH as it is defined in legal and mandatory legislation applying to their 
activities. 
For a description of the legal framework applicable to SFH, see section entitled "Summary of 
the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l’habitat and other legal 
issues". 
The Issuer, acting as lender, entered into with Société Générale, acting as borrower, a facility 
agreement (the Facility Agreement). In order to secure the full and timely payment of all 
financial obligations which are or will be owed by Société Générale to the Issuer under the 
Facility Agreement, the Issuer, acting as beneficiary, and Société Générale, in its capacity as 
borrower, entered into a collateral security agreement (the Collateral Security Agreement) 
setting forth the terms and conditions upon which (i) Société Générale shall transfer, by way of 
security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) to the benefit of the Issuer pursuant to 
Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, home loans complying 
with the eligibility criteria provided for by Article L.513-29 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and (ii) Société Générale shall transfer to the Issuer certain amounts as cash 
collateral (gage espèces) upon the occurrence of certain downgrading events relating to Société 
Générale (see sections entitled "Risk Factors - Risk relating to the Issuer - Liquidity risk" and 
"Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale").

--- Page 57 ---
Page 57 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The formation of the Issuer takes place as part of the Société Générale refinancing and is 
intended to lower the overall cost of funding for the Group by refinancing eligible assets at a 
competitive cost.  
The OFH which will be issued by the Issuer are expected to be rated AAA by Fitch Ratings and 
Aaa by Moody’s and listed on Euronext Paris. By offering the market AAA/Aaa rated OFH, 
which are a reflection, among other factors, of the intrinsic quality of the assets of the Issuer, 
the Issuer aims to increase the competitiveness of the Group. By providing the market with a 
new counterparty (in addition to Société Générale), the Issuer should increase the Group's 
investor base.  
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
Issuer must at any time maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%) of its 
assets to the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as described in the 
section entitled "Summary of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement 
de l’habitat and other legal issues". 
Affiliates 
Pursuant to Article L.513-29, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer is not 
entitled to hold any equity interest (participations) in any entity. 
Management of the Issuer and compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer is run by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
The Issuer’s board of directors, which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 8 members, 
has full powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits set by its 
internal rules and the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer and subject to the powers expressly 
conferred by the French Commercial Code on shareholders in general meetings. 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French sociétés 
anonymes as provided by the French Commercial Code and to specialized credit institutions, as 
provided by the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with French applicable corporate law, the chairman of the board of directors 
(président du conseil d’administration), who is also Chief Financial Officer of the Retail Bank 
of Société Générale in France, organises and directs the work of the board of directors, of which 
he shall give an account at the shareholders’ meetings, ensures that the governing bodies of the 
Issuer operate properly, and that the directors are able to perform their duties. 
The management of the Issuer consists of a Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and a 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur général délégué). All of them are vested with the 
broadest powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits of the 
corporate purpose, and subject to the powers expressly attributed by law to shareholders’ 
meetings and the special powers of the board of directors. They represent the Issuer in its 
relationships with third parties. The Chief Executive Officer (directeur général) and a Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (directeur général délégué) are liable for the conduct of the Issuer's 
activities vis-à-vis the ACPR in accordance with Article L. 511-13 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors and principal 
activities performed by them outside the Issuer are as follows:

--- Page 58 ---
Page 58 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Names 
Business 
Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside 
the Issuer 
Agathe Zinzindohoue 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Chief executive officer 
(directeur général) and 
director 
(administrateur) 
Group Treasurer of 
Société Générale 
Arnaud Mezhrahi 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Deputy chief executive 
officer (directeur 
général délégué) and 
director 
(administrateur) 
Head of Funding of 
Société Générale 
Group 
Bertrand Bréhier 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Deputy Head of 
Banking & 
Financial 
Department in 
Group Legal 
Department of 
Société Générale 
Marie-Aude Le Goyat 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Group Accounting 
Supervision and 
Quality Officer in 
Group Finance 
Department of 
Société Générale 
Isabelle Maury 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Independent Director 
(administrateur 
indépendant) 
Independent 
Director 
Thomas Genouel 
59 Boulevard 
Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
Director (administrateur) 
Head of Financial 
Management of 
Crédit du Nord 
Jérôme Brun  
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Head of Program 
Risk Valuation of 
Société Générale 
Clara Levy-Barouch 
17, cours 
Valmy 92800 
Puteaux 
Chairman of the board 
of directors (Président 
du conseil 
d’administration) and 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Chief Financial 
Officer of the Retail 
Bank of Société 
Générale

--- Page 59 ---
Page 59 
WS0101.32545672.1 
 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the 
members of the board of directors (membres du conseil d’administration) and their private 
interests. 
Control of the Issuer 
The Issuer appointed Ernst & Young Audit as statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes) in 
2009 whose mandate expired at the General Shareholders’ Meeting which approved the Annual 
Accounts as of 31 December 2014 on 18 May 2015. Ernst & Young Audit has been replaced 
from 2015 by Ernst & Young et Autres as statutory auditor for a mandate of six years along 
with Picarle et Associés renewed as substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes 
suppléant) in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Ernst & Young et Autres has 
been renewed in 2021 as statutory auditor for a mandate of six years in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
The Issuer has appointed Deloitte & Associés as co-statutory auditor (commissaires aux 
comptes) in 2010 and Béas as the substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes 
suppléant) of Deloitte & Associés whose respective mandates expired at the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting which approved the Annual Accounts as of 31 December 2015 on 17 
May 2016. Deloitte & Associés along with Béas have been renewed as co-statutory auditor and 
substitute statutory auditor respectively in 2016 for a mandate of six years. The Issuer has also 
appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23, L.513-24 and L.513-32 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, Cailliau Dedouit et Associés as Specific Controller (contrôleur 
spécifique) and Didier Cardon as substitute Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique 
suppléant). 
Under the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions, 
payment services and investment services subject to the supervision of the ACPR (formerly 
Regulation no. 97-02 of 21 February 1997, as amended from time to time, of the Comité de la 
règlementation bancaire et financière), the board of directors of the Issuer set up an audit 
committee (the Audit Committee). The Audit Committee is responsible in particular, under the 
supervision of the board of directors, for (i) reviewing the accounts of the Issuer before their 
presentation to the board of directors, (ii) ensuring that the accounting methods used to prepare 
the individual accounts are relevant and consistent, (iii) advising on the organisation of the 
internal audit and (iv) reviewing the situation of the Issuer in terms of risks and internal control 
in order to take appropriate decisions and action plans. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, two committees have been established to comply with 
Article L.511-89 of the French Monetary and Financial Code: a risk committee (the Risk 
Committee) and a nomination committee (the Nomination Committee).  
The Risk Committee monitors the overall risk strategy and exposure through scrutiny of 
indicators and risk events and the consistency of products’ and services’ prices with the Issuer 
risk profile. It has the responsibility of issuing recommendation on acceptable risk levels and 
of informing the Board of Directors upon the occurrence of any event or level of risk that would 
require supervision. This committee also (i) examines the ALM policy of the Issuer, (ii) ensures 
that checks and procedures relating to the Issuer’s ALM policy are effective and (iii) attends to 
the effective application of principles in force within Société Générale with respect to risk 
management in connection with entering into forward financial instruments in order to give the 
Issuer complete protection from rate and currency risks.

--- Page 60 ---
Page 60 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Nomination Committee is in charge of (i) identifying and recommending the futures 
administrators to the administrative body, (ii) periodically examining the policies of the 
administrative body in matters of selection and appointment and (iii) proposing an objective to 
be achieved concerning the balanced representation of women and men of executive officers 
and persons in charge of key functions. 
The management of the Issuer can thus be summarised by the following chart: 
 
Staff 
The Issuer has no human resources. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its 
parent, Société Générale, which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer’s board 
of directors, pursuant to the Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement and any document entered 
into between the Issuer and Société Générale in relation thereto (see section entitled 
"Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société Générale"). 
Membership of professional organisation 
The Issuer is member of the Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la 
Grande Armée, 75584 Paris CEDEX 17.  
The Issuer is also member of the Covered Bond Label is a quality Label which responds to a 
market-wide request for improved standards and increased transparency in the covered bond 
market. 
The Label is based on the Covered Bond Label Convention, which defines the core 
characteristics required for a covered bond programme to qualify for the Label. This definition 
of the required characteristics, compliant with Article 129(7) of the CRR, is complemented by 
a transparency tool developed at national level based on the "Guidelines for National 
Transparency Templates". 
The Covered Bond Label was created by the EMF/European Covered Bond Council (ECBC) 
in 2012. It was developed by the European issuer community, working in close cooperation 
with investors and regulators, and in consultation with all major stakeholders. 
Audit 
Committee
Isabelle Maury
Chairman
Risk 
Committee
Jérôme Brun
 Chairman
Nomination 
Committee
Marie-Aude Le Goyat
Chairman
Société Générale
Société Générale SFH
Clara Levy-Barouch, Chairman of the board of directors 
Agathe Zinzindohoue, Chief executive officer 
Arnaud Mezhrahi, Deputy chief executive officer 
99,99%

--- Page 61 ---
Page 61 
WS0101.32545672.1 
10. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
Historical financial information concerning the Issuer  
Historical financial information concerning the Issuer is contained in the documents 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference (see the section entitled "Documents 
incorporated by reference"). 
See the Sections entitled "Description of the Issuer - Issuer’s exclusive purpose and business 
overview" and "Summary of the legislation and regulation relating to sociétés de financement 
de l’habitat and other legal issues". 
Comparative Financial Data (in EUR)  
The financial statements of Société Générale SFH have been prepared in accordance with 
general accounting principles applicable in France to credit institution. The method adopted 
for valuing items recorded in the accounting records is historical cost. 
Income Statement 
31/12/2020 
Audited 
31/12/2019 
Audited 
Net banking income 
71,299,785 
65,288,360 
Gross operating income 
59,029,237 
53,270,036 
Net income 
39,598,262 
35,237,000 
Balance Sheet 
 
Total balance sheet 
38,965,671,517 
37,490,815,054 
Shareholders’ equity 
630,422,715 
590,824,453 
Debt securities 
37,688,316,396 
36,158,033,270 
 
As of 31 December 2020, the balance sheet presents a total of 38,965,671,517 euros, as a 
reminder the total balance sheet as of 31 December 2019 was of 37,490,815,054 euros. 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since the last published annual audited accounts.  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial statements have been published.

--- Page 62 ---
Page 62 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Cash Flow Statement (in thousands of EUR) 
The cash flow statement analyses changes in cash flow from operating activities, investing 
activities and financing activities between two financial periods. Financing activities represent 
bonds borrowings. 
The cash flow statement was established according to rules applicable to the regulation no. 2014-
07 of 26 November 2014 of the Autorité des normes comptables applicable to credit institutions, 
as well as to accounting principles generally admitted in the French banking profession. 
 
31/12/2020 
Audited 
31/12/2019 
Audited 
Net 
cash 
flow 
from 
operating activities 
(1,591,815)
(5,151,985) 
Net cash flow relating to 
investment activities 
-
- 
Net cash flow relating to 
financing activities 
1,530,283
4,079,727 
Changes in net cash 
(61,531)
(1,072,258) 
Total 
566,850
628,382

--- Page 63 ---
Page 63 
WS0101.32545672.1 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French 
Law Notes in the following section. 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes will be used for financing or refinancing: 
(a) 
the granting of loans under the Facility Agreement; and 
(b) 
from time to time, the granting or acquisition of the other assets of the Issuer, in 
accordance with its by-laws (statuts) and Articles L.513-28 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above, when it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any particular issue to finance or refinance, in part or 
in full, eligible activities included or to be included in the SFH cover pool (such activities the 
Eligible Activities), which serve to deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three 
pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential 
negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly identified, as defined in the sustainable 
and positive impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the 
Framework), such use will be specified in the Final Terms of such Notes (the Positive Impact 
Notes). 
Positive Impact Notes can be either green (the Green Positive Impact Notes), social (the Social 
Positive Impact Notes) or sustainability (the Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) if an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied to finance or refinance Eligible Activities in the 
following green categories, social categories or in both categories (in case of Sustainability 
Positive Impact Notes) pursuant to the Framework: 
Green categories: 
- Green buildings; 
 
Social categories: 
- Affordable housing; 
 
These different categories are defined in the Framework which also further describes (i) the 
above-mentioned Eligible Activities by categories and (ii) the processes which will be applied 
by the Issuer for the Eligible Activity evaluation and selection, management of the net proceeds, 
reporting and use of external reviews, inter alia in accordance with: 
- the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association; and 
- the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the United Nations 
Environment Programme – Finance Initiative. 
The 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website of 
Société 
Générale (https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Notations%20Finan
ci%C3%A8res/sg_sustainable_and_positive_impact_bond_framework_june_2020.pdf). 
A 
link to such Framework shall also be included in the Final Terms. 
Société Générale has appointed ISS ESG to conduct an external review of its Framework and 
issue a second party opinion (Second Party Opinion) on the Framework’s environmental and 
social credentials based among others on its alignment with the Principles for Positive Impact

--- Page 64 ---
Page 64 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Finance published by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative, the Green 
Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association. The Second Party Opinion is available on the 
website 
of 
Société 
Générale 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2020-
08/ISS_ESG_Second_Party_Opinion_2020.pdf) 
An annually limited or reasonable assurance report provided by external auditors or any other 
appointed independent third party will be published until the maturity of the Positive Impact 
Notes, verifying: 
- the allocated and unallocated net proceeds; 
- the compliance of the Eligible Activities with the defined eligibility criteria of the 
relevant categories; and 
- the review of the positive impact reporting.

--- Page 65 ---
Page 65 
WS0101.32545672.1 
12. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to the section entitled "Relationship between Société Générale SFH and Société 
Générale" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
Page 66 
WS0101.32545672.1 
13. 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH AND SOCIÉTÉ 
GÉNÉRALE 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French 
Law Notes in the following section. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale SFH entered into, inter alia, the following 
contracts as amended from time to time:  
1. a management and servicing agreement entered into with Société Générale (the 
Management and Servicing Agreement), pursuant to which Société Générale shall (i) 
carry out, in accordance with Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, the management and servicing of any receivables transferred to Société Générale 
SFH under the Collateral Security Agreement and any resources held by the Issuer and 
(ii) assist the Issuer in opening and operating its bank accounts;  
2. an outsourcing and assistance agreement entered into with Société Générale (the 
Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement), pursuant to which Société Générale shall 
fulfil regulatory obligations of permanent supervision, periodic supervision and 
compliance supervision on behalf of Société Générale SFH and shall provide Société 
Générale SFH with certain services required by the operations of Société Générale 
SFH, in particular for financial (financial management) and legal purposes, and any 
document entered into between the Issuer and Société Générale in relation thereto; 
3. a dealer agreement entered into with Société Générale (the Dealer Agreement) in 
relation to the Programme;  
4. a paying agency agreement entered into with Société Générale and Société Générale 
Luxembourg (the Paying Agency Agreement) in relation to the Programme;  
5. a facility agreement entered into with Société Générale (the Facility Agreement) 
pursuant to which the Issuer shall make available from time to time to Société Générale 
loans, within the limit of its commitment maximum amount;  
6. a collateral security agreement entered into with Société Générale (the Collateral 
Security Agreement) pursuant to which Société Générale, as security to its financial 
obligations towards the Issuer under the Facility Agreement shall transfer, by way of 
security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) to the benefit of the Issuer 
pursuant to Articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, home 
loans originated by Société Générale and certain of its affiliates and complying with 
the eligibility criteria provided for by Article L.513-29 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (the Collateral Security).  
As additional security to the full repayment of its financial obligations under the Facility 
Agreement and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Security Agreement, 
Société Générale shall transfer to the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) as follows: 
(i) 
Interest Reserve 
If the credit ratings of Société Générale fall below A2 (CR) (long-term Counterparty 
Risk Assessment) or P-1 (CR) (short-term Counterparty Risk Assessment) by Moody’s, 
Société Générale must fund within thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence 
of such event, an interest reserve and adjust it (i) on a monthly basis, and (ii) two (2)

--- Page 67 ---
Page 67 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Business Days prior to any drawdown under the Facility Agreement (the Interest 
Reserve).  
The reserve amount shall be equal to the shortfall (if any) between (a) the interest 
amount to be paid until the latest maturity of the Notes (assuming, for floating rate 
interests, that the rates remain at their current level as of the calculation date) and (b) 
the interest amount to be received under the home loans transferred as Collateral 
Security (taking into account their contractual amortization profile and assuming, for 
floating rate interests, that the rates remain on their current level as of calculation date) 
until the latest maturity of the Notes, plus the pre-maturity interest reserve already 
funded covering the interest due under the Notes over the next ninety (90) calendar 
days. 
(ii) 
Pre-Maturity Test 
As long as no Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has occurred 
As long as no Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event (as defined below) has occurred, 
Société Générale shall fund a prior cash collateral reserve (that may be adjusted further 
to the calculations carried out in accordance with the formula below mentioned) into 
the cash collateral account equal to: 
(a) 
the amount of principal of the Notes that will become due under the non-
extendable maturity Notes for the following one hundred and eighty (180) 
calendar days; 
(b) 
interests of the Notes that will become due under all the Notes, both non-
extendable maturity Notes and extendable maturity Notes, for the following 
ninety (90) calendar days; less 
(c) 
the available liquid assets (valeurs de remplacement) set forth in Article R.513-
20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In case of the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event: 
If the credit ratings of Société Générale fall below P-1 (CR) (short-term Counterparty 
Risk Assessment) by Moody’s or F1 (short-term) and A (long-term) by Fitch Ratings 
respectively (each, a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event), Société Générale shall 
be required to fund a cash collateral account, replacing the abovementioned prior cash 
collateral reserve, within fourteen (14) calendar days following the occurrence of such 
event, in accordance with a pre-maturity test which is a contractual liquidity test.  
The reserve amount (the Pre-Maturity Test) shall be equal to: 
(a) 
the amount of principal of the Notes that will become due under the non-
extendable maturity Notes for the following two hundred and seventy (270) 
calendar days; 
(b) 
interests of the Notes that will become due under all the Notes, both non-
extendable maturity Notes and extendable maturity Notes, for the following 
ninety (90) calendar days; and 
(c) 
the aggregate amount of fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary sums 
(excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer 
on any Series of Notes for the following two hundred and seventy (270) 
calendar days, as well as any fees and expenses benefiting from the Privilège.

--- Page 68 ---
Page 68 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(iii) 
Collection Loss Reserve 
If the long-term or short-term Moody's Counterparty Risk Assessment of Société 
Générale falls below Baa2 (CR) or if the Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of Société 
Générale falls below BBB (long-term) and F2 (short-term) by Fitch Ratings (the 
Collection Loss Trigger Event) respectively, Société Générale shall be required to fund 
a cash collateral account within ten (10) Business Days following the occurrence of 
such event (the Collection Loss Reserve).  
The reserve amount shall be equal to the aggregate amount of collections (interests and 
principal) scheduled to be received under the home loans transferred as Collateral 
Security during the two and half (2.5) calendar months following the occurrence of the 
Collection Loss Trigger Event. As long as the Collection Loss Trigger Event is 
continuing, the reserve amount shall be adjusted before any drawdown by Société 
Générale acting as Borrower under the Facility Agreement and at the end of each month 
so that the amount standing to the credit of this cash collateral account be equal to the 
sum of collections scheduled to be received under the home loans transferred as 
Collateral Security during the two and half (2.5) calendar months following such date. 
The calculated collections will take into account a constant prepayment rate defined as 
the average rate calculated over the twelve (12) months preceding the calculation date 
of such amount.  
 
The Pre-Maturity Test, the Interest Reserve and the Collection Loss Reserve shall be 
credited to dedicated accounts (on the one hand, the Cash Collateral Account, and on 
the other hand the Collection Loss Reserve Account) opened in the books of a bank 
with the Requisite Rating, provided that if the rating of such account bank is 
downgraded below the Requisite Rating, the Issuer shall replace such account bank 
within sixty (60) calendar days as from the date of such non-compliance. 
Where Requisite Rating means:  
(a) 
in respect of the deposit rating or Issuer Default Rating (IDR) if the deposit 
rating is not available, a credit rating of at least A (long-term) or F1 (short-
term) by Fitch Ratings, and 
(b) 
in respect of the deposit rating, a credit rating of at least A2 (long-term) and P-
1 (short-term) by Moody’s, provided that if no short-term credit rating is 
assigned by Moody's, the long-term credit rating is equal to at least A1. 
The Issuer and Société Générale may agree from time to time that Société Générale 
shall fund additional cash collaterals in order to hedge currency risk, if any, or any other 
risk.

--- Page 69 ---
Page 69 
WS0101.32545672.1 
14. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment 
and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, 
shall be only applicable to the French Law Notes (the Terms and Conditions). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and 
Conditions as so completed (in each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms 
that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms. References below to Conditions are, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme.  
The Notes are issued by Société Générale SFH (the Issuer) in series (each a Series) having one 
or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment 
of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, 
without limitation, the issue date, aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of a paying agency agreement dated 9 June 2021, as 
amended from time to time (the Paying Agency Agreement) between the Issuer, Société 
Générale as fiscal agent and principal paying agent and Société Générale Luxembourg as 
paying agent in Luxembourg. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent for 
the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the Calculation Agent(s). The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder 
as the Agents. The holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing 
Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the Talons) for 
further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
Receipts) relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in instalments, 
are respectively referred to below as the Couponholders and the Receiptholders. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated 
market situated in a member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA), as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in 
materialised form (Materialised Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code

--- Page 70 ---
Page 70 
WS0101.32545672.1 
by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account 
Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder either in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated 
by the relevant Noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
Registration Agent). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with 
Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in 
definitive form (Definitive Materialised Notes) are numbered serially and are 
issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Zero Coupon Notes, in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with one or more 
Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, securities (such as Notes constituting 
obligations under French law) in materialised form and governed by French 
law must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one 
or more clearing system(s) other than, or in addition to, Euroclear France, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in these 
Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the Specified Denomination(s)). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted in the United Kingdom will constitute deposits for the purposes of 
the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent.

--- Page 71 ---
Page 71 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.  
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be completed through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be fulfilled through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, 
Receipt(s), Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be 
deemed to be, and may be treated as, its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, 
Noteholder or, as the case may be, holder of any Note means (a) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the 
account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes, and (b) in the case of 
Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note 
and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon, Receipt or Talon, by 
giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 
13 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose 
national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating 
Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the 
EC, as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which 
have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but 
not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made 
by converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national 
currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 
123(4) of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 
(with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure

--- Page 72 ---
Page 72 
WS0101.32545672.1 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 
shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified by the Issuer to 
Noteholders.  
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference herein to the relevant national 
currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent, in connection with 
any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 12, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 12 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable 
business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), 
taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated Euromarket 
debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be binding on the Noteholders, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or any other person for any commissions, 
costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from, the credit or transfer 
of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted 
for Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The 
exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes

--- Page 73 ---
Page 73 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Notes of another Specified Denomination (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, securities (including the Notes) in materialised form 
and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
3. 
Status 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons relating to them, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 4, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank, and will rank, pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other 
present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised by 
the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code as described in Condition 4 (the Privilège). 
4. 
Privilège 
(a) 
The Notes benefit from the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI 
of the French Commercial Code), pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code: 
(i) 
the sums deriving from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities eligible to the assets of a SFH in the meaning of Articles L.513-28 
and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and from forward 
financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (in each case after any applicable set-off), together with the 
claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, are 
allocated in priority to the payment of OFH such as the Notes, and any other 
resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège. It should be 
noted that it is not solely Notes that benefit from the Privilège; other resources 
raised by the Issuer pursuant to any agreement, document purporting to inform 
the public within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code or any other equivalent document required in connection with 
the admission to trading on a Regulated Market located outside France referring 
to the Privilège and forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) 
used for hedging under the conditions of Article L.513-10 of French Monetary 
and Financial Code, as well as some ancillary expenses and the sums, if any, 
due under the contract provided for in Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code may also benefit from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, all amounts due regularly under OFH such as the 
Notes, and any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred, 
including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. 
Accordingly, until all creditors (including the Noteholders) benefiting from the

--- Page 74 ---
Page 74 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any 
right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of 
payment of OFH such as the Notes. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit, as the 
case may be, to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be, and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may 
be; or (if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines to be appropriate. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, based on publicly available information 
that reasonably confirms that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the Original Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Original 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that either or both of the parties or the 
Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the Original Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(II) and 
which is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
Page 75 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV). 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
 in the case of Euro, a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open to public for general business to the public in Paris and on which Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 
2) System (or any successor thereto) is open for business, and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business 
centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Business Centre(s)), a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) 
or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so 
specified. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to 
but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation 
Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual, Actual/Actual-ISDA, Act/Act, Act/Act-ISDA or Actual/365-
FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and 
whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the 
basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of 
the Calculation Period; and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period 
calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(iii) 
if Actual/Actual-ICMA or Act/Act-ICMA is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period

--- Page 76 ---
Page 76 
WS0101.32545672.1 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins, divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where  
Determination Period means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date, and  
Determination Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed), Act/365 (Fixed), A/365 (Fixed) or A/365 F is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(v) 
if Actual/360, Act/360 or A/360 is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 1
360  × [[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 77 ---
Page 77 
WS0101.32545672.1 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if 30/360-FBF or Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose 
denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as 
for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is 
neither the 30th nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be 
deemed to be a month of thirty-one (31) days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
then: 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
Or 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min(dd2 , 30) - Min(dd1 , 30)] 
(viii) if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 1
360  × [[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 78 ---
Page 78 
WS0101.32545672.1 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if 30E/360-FBF is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days elapsed during such period, calculated on the 
basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days, subject to 
the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of 
days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min(dd2 , 30) - Min(dd1 , 30)] 
(x) 
if 30E/360-ISDA is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 1
360  × [[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] 
where:  
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 79 ---
Page 79 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Effective Date means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such 
Interest Determination Date relates. 
Euro Zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or will adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented 
by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, in their updated version applicable as of the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series (together the FBF Master Agreement). 
Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, annoncing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Original Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the Original Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to 
calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless 
of how it is actually defined or described in the definition of the Original 
Reference Rate) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
reputation or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed 
by the Issuer under Condition 5. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 80 ---
Page 80 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling 
two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified 
Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated version 
applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000) as may be 
specified for the purpose of providing a Reference Rate, or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such 
other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
Rate Determination Agent means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) 
an Independent Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers 
involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, (iii) an affiliate of the 
Issuer or (iv) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
Page 81 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the 
Reference Rate, shall be the Euro-zone). 
Reference Rate means the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
Relevant Date means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) 
calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such 
Materialised Notes when, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, 
the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the financial centre with which the Reference Rate is most closely 
connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board (the FSB) or any part thereof. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time 
is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary 
to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in 
the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose local time 
means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time.

--- Page 82 ---
Page 82 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time 
equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii). 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Rate Determination Agent determines in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(II), is a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, more than one successor 
or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Rate 
Determination Agent will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, the 
one which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If a fixed amount of interest (Fixed Coupon Amount) or a broken amount of interest 
(Broken Amount) is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, 
if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount 
will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month

--- Page 83 ---
Page 83 
WS0101.32545672.1 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business 
Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business 
Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the 
manner specified in the relevant Final Terms which may be: 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), FBF Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction (Echange) in the relevant 
Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(y) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Agent and 
Floating Rate Determination Date are translations of the French terms 
"Taux Variable", "Agent" and "Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to those terms 
in the FBF Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph ‘Floating Rate’ 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of 
an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of 
which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available of next shorter length than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
longer length than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 84 ---
Page 84 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), Floating Rate, Calculation 
Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date and 
Swap Transaction have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph ‘Floating Rate 
Option’ specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
shorter length than the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following or (if applicable) with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z): 
(w) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on such 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by 
one entity); or

--- Page 85 ---
Page 85 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the persons 
whose Reference Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
(x) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or 
if sub-paragraph (C)(w)(i) above applies and no Reference Rate 
appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (C)(w)(ii) above applies 
and fewer than two Reference Rates appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting 
to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(y) 
if paragraph (C)(x) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting 
Reference Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect of 
a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least 
two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified 
Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone 
as selected by the Calculation Agent (the Principal Financial 
Centre) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the 
Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) 
to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial 
Centre plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); except that, if fewer than two of such banks are 
so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the 
previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). If the 
provisions of this paragraph (y) fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) below 
shall apply. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event, Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) below shall apply.

--- Page 86 ---
Page 86 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(z) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes  
(I) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (II)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
paragraph (III)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with paragraph (IV)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z) shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent 
or (ii) the Rate Determination Agent appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has 
not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be 
the last available Original Reference Rate. 
(II) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that:  
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (III)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)); or  
b. 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (III)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)).

--- Page 87 ---
Page 87 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(III) Adjustment Spread  
If the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(IV) Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) and 
the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if 
any) (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) 
the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
paragraph (V) vary these Conditions to the extent needed to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such 
variation in accordance with this paragraph (IV), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(V) 
Notices  
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate 
Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
a. 
confirming that (i) a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, 
(ii) the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and, (iii) any Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance 
with 
the provisions of 
this 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(z); and

--- Page 88 ---
Page 88 
WS0101.32545672.1 
b. 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any).  
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. In 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) as specified in 
such certificate, and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
(VI) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
paragraphs (I), (II), (III) and (IV), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply unless and until these fallback provisions fail to 
provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest. 
If the Original Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the Final Terms as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be 
determined as provided in the Final Terms. In the applicable Final 
Terms, when the paragraph ‘Original Reference Rate’ specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next shorter length than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Notes may bear interest at a rate that:  
(i)  
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the Switch 
Date) from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to 
another Floating Rate. The Issuer election to change of interest basis (the Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis) should be deemed effective after a valid notification 
sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii)  
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate, from a Fixed Rate to another Fixed Rate or from a

--- Page 89 ---
Page 89 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Floating Rate to another Floating Rate (the Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis) at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms (the Automatic Switch Date). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon in the 
applicable Final Terms, is repayable prior to the Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) pursuant to an Issuer's Option or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(d) and is not paid when due, the 
amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Amount. As from the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, as the case may 
be), the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(d)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of 
Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the 
avoidance of doubt, ‘Minimum Rate of Interest’ shall refer to the relevant rate 
plus any relevant margin. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (w) 
if FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) 
otherwise all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case 
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes,

--- Page 90 ---
Page 90 
WS0101.32545672.1 
unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount 
is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable on such date as it may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the Notes for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, shall calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or other stock exchange and the 
rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so require, such Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined 
prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or 
such other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final 
Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Reference 
Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office

--- Page 91 ---
Page 91 
WS0101.32545672.1 
in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions 
to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or its maturity is extended as 
provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its 
final Instalment Amount. 
An extended maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) which means a date falling 
one (1) year after the Maturity Date, may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
this case, if the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series is not paid by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date, the payment of such Final Redemption Amount shall be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity 
Date. However, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount remaining 
unpaid on the initially scheduled Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any 
Interest Payment Date from (and excluding) such Maturity Date to (and including) 
the Extended Maturity Date. During the extended period, interest will continue to be 
calculated and to accrue on any unpaid principal amount at the relevant Rate of 
Interest and be payable on each Interest Payment Dates and on the Extended Maturity 
Date (if not earlier redeemed on an Interest Payment Date). 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 
6 or the relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) is extended pursuant to the Issuer's option in accordance with Condition 
6(c), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is 
calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless 
payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case

--- Page 92 ---
Page 92 
WS0101.32545672.1 
of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount 
shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
If a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option and having given not less than six (6) 
Business Days' prior irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders redeem all or some of the Notes on any date fixed for redemption (the 
Optional Redemption Date). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the Optional Redemption Date, 
if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect 
of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also 
contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect 
of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account 
of prevailing market practices and subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption will be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed.  
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, 
or applicable to, such Regulated Market require, the Issuer shall, each time there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so permit, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) or (ii) in a 
leading financial newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, a notice specifying the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of Condition 6(i), the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified 
in the relevant notice (it being understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment 
Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the amount (the Early Redemption 
Amount) calculated in accordance with sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) below, as the case 
may be. 
(i) 
Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 93 ---
Page 93 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (ii) below), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(i), shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption as specified in the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i) shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date (or Extended 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) discounted at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if 
none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(i) is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall 
be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be), in which case the amount due and payable shall be 
the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(e) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
If any law should require that payments of principal or interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, such 
Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(g), at any time purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in

--- Page 94 ---
Page 94 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject to the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be either (i) held and resold or (ii) cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 6(g) below, all in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation 
will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the 
Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each 
case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all 
rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Subscriptions 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe for Notes for the purpose of 
pledging them (affecter en garantie) as collateral security in order to secure the credit 
transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the 
terms and conditions determined by the Banque de France for its monetary and 
intraday credit policy, if the Issuer is not able to cover its cash needs with the other 
means available to it, provided that: 
(i) 
the total amount of the Notes subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten per 
cent. (10%) of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources 
benefiting from the Privilège as of the date of their subscription; 
(ii) 
the Notes are disentitled of their rights under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of 
the French Commercial Code as long as the Issuer holds them; 
(iii) 
the Notes are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-day 
period starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, 
such Notes shall be cancelled by the Issuer at the end of such 8-day period); 
and 
(iv) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the Notes subscribed by the Issuer shall be cancelled within an 8-day 
period starting from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the 
Banque de France.

--- Page 95 ---
Page 95 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(i) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under 
the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor 
less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered 
form, be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders, and (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by 
credit or transfer to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, 
or to which the Specified Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in 
the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a 
non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the Euro-zone, and, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only 
upon presentation and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum 
due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive 
Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
upon presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)).

--- Page 96 ---
Page 96 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in 
paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Note in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of 
the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Note to which 
it appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Materialised Note to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together 
with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for 
this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on the exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will 
be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of five (5) years from 
the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, unmatured Coupons and Talons 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an 
Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the 
Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only upon presentation and 
surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agent(s) with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent(s) would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange

--- Page 97 ---
Page 97 
WS0101.32545672.1 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts, and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence for the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives but without prejudice to Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, does not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Paying Agent having specified offices in at least two major European cities and 
ensuring the financial servicing of the Notes free of charge to the Noteholders, so long 
as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in such other city where 
the Notes are admitted to trading, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, a Registration Agent, and (v) such other agents as may be required 
by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to 
trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9).

--- Page 98 ---
Page 98 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business 
Day (the Adjusted Payment Date), nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centre(s) in 
the relevant Final Terms, and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than 
Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank 
in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on 
in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET 2 Business 
Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, Bank means a bank in Paris and the principal 
financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
8. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within any 
jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for 
this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
a period of ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Meeting and voting provisions 
In respect of meetings of, and votings by, the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply:

--- Page 99 ---
Page 99 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(A) 
references to a General Meeting are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise 
requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to Notes and Noteholders are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of 
which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series 
in respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders 
of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other 
than: 
(i)  
those Notes which have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled; 
(ii)  
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable after that date) have been duly 
paid to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (and where appropriate notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders) and remain available for payment 
against presentation of the relevant Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes which have been surrendered 
and cancelled and in respect of which replacements have been issued; 
(iv)  those Materialised Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued; and 
(v)  
any Temporary Bearer Global Certificate to the extent that it has been 
exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes; 
(vi)  provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those 
Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by any person (including but 
not limited to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be 
so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
(D) 
Resolution means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition 
passed (x) at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules 
described herein or (y) by a Written Resolution; and 
(E) 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of 
the day on which a period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(a) 
Contractual representation of Noteholders/No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in 
amounts of, at least €100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, 
and if the applicable Final Terms specify "No Masse", the following meeting and 
voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Monetary and Financial Code, (a) 
the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal

--- Page 100 ---
Page 100 
WS0101.32545672.1 
personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders 
(représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) 
the provisions of the French Commercial Code relating to general meetings of 
noteholders shall apply subject to the following: 
(A) Whenever the words "de la masse", "d’une même masse", "par les 
représentants de la masse", "d’une masse", "et au représentant de la 
masse", "de la masse intéressée", "composant la masse", "de la 
masse à laquelle il appartient", "dont la masse est convoquée en 
assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", appear in the 
provisions of the French Commercial Code relating to general 
meetings of noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted; and 
(B) General Meetings will be governed by the provisions of the French 
Commercial Code, except for Article L.228-65 and all other Articles 
which are ancillary or consequential to such Article, the second 
paragraph of Article L.228-68, the second sentence of the first 
paragraph and the second paragraph of Article L. 228-71, Article 
R.228-69, Article R.228-79 and Article R.236-9 of the French 
Commercial Code and subject to the following provisions: 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
A General Meeting shall have power: 
(A) to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders or any of them; 
(B) to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or 
arrangement in respect of the rights of the Noteholders against the 
Issuer or against any of its or their property whether these rights arise 
under the Notes or otherwise; 
(C) to agree to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes which is 
proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) to authorize anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry 
out and give effect to a Resolution; 
(E) to give any authority or approval which is required to be given by 
Resolution; 
(F) to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee 
or committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to 
confer upon any committee or committees any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution 
provided that (a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within 
the meaning of Articles L.228-49 and L.228-62 of the French 
Commercial Code and (b) persons to whom the practice of banker is 
forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of directing, 
administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity may 
not be so appointed;

--- Page 101 ---
Page 101 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(G) to deliberate on any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, 
relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial 
decisions; 
(H) to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the 
Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of 
the Notes in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, 
or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in 
consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above and 
partly for or into or in consideration of cash; 
(I) to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes; 
(J) to appoint a nominee to represent the Noteholders’ interests in the 
context of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer and more 
particularly file a proof of claim in the name of all Noteholders in 
the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation 
of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Commercial 
Code, in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial 
representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the 
request of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a 
representative of the Noteholders who will file the proof of 
Noteholders’ claim; and 
(K) to deliberate on any other matter that relates to the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with 
respect to the Notes. 
it being specified, however, that a General Meeting may not establish any 
unequal treatment between the Noteholders, and that the above provisions (in 
particular under (H) above) are without prejudice to the powers of the ACPR, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph (vi) shall apply to 
any Resolution (a Special Quorum Resolution) for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Notes which would have the effect of: 
a. modify the Maturity Date of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of the 
nominal amount payable at maturity; or 
b. reduce or cancel the amount payable or modify the payment date in respect 
of any interest in respect of the Notes or vary the method of calculating 
the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (other than as provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV); or 
c. reduce any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
d. modify the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; 
or

--- Page 102 ---
Page 102 
WS0101.32545672.1 
e. modify the majority required to pass a Resolution; or 
f. sanctioning any scheme or proposal described in paragraph (H) above; or 
g. alter this provision. 
For the avoidance of doubt a General Meeting has no power to decide on: 
x. the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial 
transfers of assets (apports partiels d’actif) of or by the Issuer; 
y. the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas 
Europaea – SE) to a different Member State of the European Union; or 
z. the decrease of the share capital of the Issuer for reasons other than to 
compensate losses suffered by the Issuer. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, 
pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
all the rights and prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances 
described under (x) to (z) above, including the right to object (former 
opposition) to the transactions described under (x) to (z). 
(iii)  Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one tenth of the principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation 
of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within 
seven (7) calendar days after such demand, the Noteholders may commission 
one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting and determine its agenda. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given 
in accordance with Condition 13 not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days 
prior to the date of such General Meeting. 
(iv)  Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis by 
Article R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code (upon referral of Article 
R.228-68 of the French Commercial Code). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more 
than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the 
lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the 
Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the right 
of each holder of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the

--- Page 103 ---
Page 103 
WS0101.32545672.1 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
(v)  
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their 
members to be chairman (the Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present 
or represented at such General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of any 
quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a 
Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes 
and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the 
Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need 
not be the same person as the Chairman of the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
(vi)  Quorum, Adjournment and Voting 
The quorum at any meeting for passing a Resolution shall be one or more 
Noteholders present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 
one twentieth in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
provided that at any meeting the business of which includes any Special 
Quorum Resolution, the quorum shall be one or more Noteholders present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the 
Chairman may decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is 
not present for the transaction of any particular business, then, subject and 
without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum 
is present, the meeting shall, if convened by Noteholders, be dissolved. In any 
other case, it shall be adjourned for a period being not less than fourteen (14) 
clear days nor more than forty-two (42) clear days and at a place appointed by 
the Chairman and approved by the Fiscal Agent. If within 15 minutes (or a 
longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the 
time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to 
the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the 
Chairman may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not 
less than fourteen (14) clear days (but without any maximum number of clear 
days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after the 
adjourned meeting) and approved by the Fiscal Agent, and the provisions of 
this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Noteholders present (whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as 
provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as provided below) have 
power to pass any Resolution, any Special Quorum Resolution or other 
resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt 
with at the meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required 
quorum been present. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with Condition 
13 but not less than ten (10) clear days prior to the date of a General Meetings 
for the approval of a Resolution other than a Special Quorum Resolution and

--- Page 104 ---
Page 104 
WS0101.32545672.1 
not less than twenty-one (21) clear days prior to the date of a meeting for the 
approval of a Special Quorum Resolution and the notice shall state the relevant 
quorum. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast by 
Noteholders attending or represented at such General Meetings for the approval 
of a Resolution other than a Special Quorum Resolution and by seventy-five 
(75) per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or represented at such 
General Meetings for the approval of a Special Quorum Resolution. 
(vii)  Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code, but in respect 
of any Series of Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, instead 
of the holding of a General Meeting, to seek approval of a Resolution from the 
Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, 
a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.223-20-1 of the French 
Commercial Code, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
(Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent) will be given in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing 
signed or approved by or on behalf of the holders of not less than ninety (90) 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(viii)  Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an 
Electronic Consent, shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present 
at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution 
or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution or 
Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the 
Resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect 
of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (in each case, the Masse). 
(i)  
Legal Personality

--- Page 105 ---
Page 105 
WS0101.32545672.1 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative of the Masse (the Representative) and in part through a general 
meeting of the Noteholders (a General Meeting). The provisions of the French 
Commercial Code relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and 
subject to, the provisions of this paragraph (b). 
(ii)  
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Commercial Code, the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to such 
remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of 
appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by 
another Representative. In the event of the death, liquidation, retirement, 
dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and 
addresses of the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the 
head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii)  General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the right 
of each holder of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Commercial 
Code, notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
given in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days 
prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) 
calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, by correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the 
French Commercial Code, in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by 
videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by 
Article R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code (upon referral of Article 
R.228-68 of the French Commercial Code). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more 
than one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the 
lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the 
Specified Denomination of such Note.

--- Page 106 ---
Page 106 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved 
will be published in accordance with Condition 13. In accordance with Articles 
R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the French Commercial Code, (i) the 
decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of 
the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the 
proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new 
notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made respectively 
pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to 
offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the 
Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 will, to the extent permitted 
by such Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-11, be published in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
(iv)  Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 10(a)(vii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (in each case, the Masse). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code with 
the exception, pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French Commercial Code, of 
Article L.228-48, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71 and 
Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-69, R.228-79 and R.236-11, and subject to the 
following provisions: 
(i)  
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the Representative) and in part through a general meeting of the 
Noteholders (the General Meeting). 
(ii)  
Representative of the Masse 
Condition 10(b)(ii) is deemed to be reproduced here. 
(iii)  General Meetings 
Condition 10(b)(iii) is deemed to be reproduced here, except for the last 
sentence of the last paragraph which is not applicable. 
(iv)  Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 10(a)(vii) is deemed to be reproduced here. 
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the day of each General 
Meeting, and, in the case of an adjourned General Meeting or a Written Resolution, 
the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of such General Meeting or

--- Page 107 ---
Page 107 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports prepared in connection 
with such Resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the 
Paying Agents and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting 
or Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, the calling and 
holding of General Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the 
Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify "No Masse" or "Contractual Masse", no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been consolidated (assimilées for the purposes of French law) with the 
Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes issued 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if 
and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the 
provisions of this Condition will not apply. Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register 
of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide copies of such 
decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
the Issuer has the right to amend the Terms and Conditions with an initial 
denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000, 
without having to obtain the prior approval of the Noteholders, in order to correct a 
mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, no consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in order to make any modifications or amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions as the Rate Determination Agent may deem necessary 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(z)(IV). 
11. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security

--- Page 108 ---
Page 108 
WS0101.32545672.1 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment 
or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) with the Notes, provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights 
identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the principal amount 
thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for 
such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld), may, from time to time, on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, 
consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro with the Notes of one or 
more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated 
in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect 
of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall 
be valid if either (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, at the option of the Issuer, 
(ii) they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation 
within Europe, provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, 
notices shall be valid if published in a daily financial newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form 
(au porteur) shall be valid if published in a daily leading financial newspaper of 
general circulation within Europe and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market so require, 
in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located, or as

--- Page 109 ---
Page 109 
WS0101.32545672.1 
otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may 
be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 
13(a), (b) and (d); provided that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and notice shall also be published as otherwise required by the rules 
applicable to that Regulated Market , as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation within Europe, provided 
that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice 
shall be published as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition.  
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, Coupons and Talons) are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought before any competent court in Versailles.

--- Page 110 ---
Page 110 
WS0101.32545672.1 
15. 
TEMPORARY 
GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATES 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
The following description is only applicable to French Law Notes. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a Temporary Global Certificate) 
will initially be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, and will be 
delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common 
Depositary) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and to Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate to a Common 
Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other International Central Securities 
Depositories (ICSDs) through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held 
by such other ICSDs. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with 
any other ICSDs may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other ICSDs. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued 
in compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable 
(as to which, see section entitled "General description of the Programme - Selling 
Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury 
regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) or any successor regulation issued under 
Code section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those applying under Code section 
163(f)(2(B) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment 
payable in respect of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made only to the extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a 
Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly 
refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary

--- Page 111 ---
Page 111 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global 
Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts 
in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid in respect of the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be securely 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any 
Materialised Notes, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue 
date, provided that in the event any further Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with 
such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 
12(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after 
the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 calendar days (and 
that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the 
following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT 
TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE 
U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 112 ---
Page 112 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French Law Notes)

--- Page 113 ---
Page 113 
WS0101.32545672.1 
16. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPs / IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
– The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PRIIPs/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
 
 
1 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA, the 
legend should be included.Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients.  
2  
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK, the 
legend should be included. Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.

--- Page 114 ---
Page 114 
WS0101.32545672.1 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]3  
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 
(in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]4 
 
OR 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]5 
 
 
3  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of at least €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018. 
4  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of at least €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 
2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
5  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018.

--- Page 115 ---
Page 115 
WS0101.32545672.1 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non- advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]6 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH 
(Issuer) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500KN90DZLHUN3566 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] obligations de financement de l’habitat due 
[] 
Series []  
Tranche []  
(the Notes [or the Positive Impact Notes]) 
under the €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
 
6  
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”).

--- Page 116 ---
Page 116 
WS0101.32545672.1 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 117 ---
Page 117 
WS0101.32545672.1 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 9 June 2021 which received 
approval n°21-216 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) on 9 June 2021 [and 
the supplement to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval n°[●] from the AMF 
on [●]] ([together] the Base Prospectus) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is attached to these 
Final Terms.]7 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus, [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are 
available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) during a period of 
twelve (12) months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of 
the Issuer where copies may be obtained]. [In addition8, the Base Prospectus, [the supplement 
to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Definitions of the terms used herein shall be deemed to apply to such terms used in the terms 
and conditions which are the [2011 EMTN Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2013 
EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2016 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN 
Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 9 June 2021 which received 
approval n°21-216 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) on 9 June 2021 [as 
supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval 
n°[●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together] the Base Prospectus) which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). This 
document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (including the [2011 EMTN Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2013 EMTN 
Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2016 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] 
/ [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] 
incorporated by reference therein). [In addition, a summary of the issue of the Notes is attached 
to these Final Terms.]9 Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms, this Base Prospectus and the [2011 EMTN 
Conditions] / [2012 EMTN Conditions] / [2013 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] 
/ [2016 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 
EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions]. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms 
are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) during a period 
of twelve (12) months from the date of approval of the Base Prospectus and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/) [and during normal business hours at the registered office of 
 
 
7  
Only for issue of Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000. 
8  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
9  
Only for issue of Notes having a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 118 ---
Page 118 
WS0101.32545672.1 
the Issuer where copies may be obtained]. [In addition10, the Base Prospectus and these Final 
Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can 
be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will 
be 
assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / The Notes will, upon 
listing and admission to trading, be 
assimilated (assimilées), form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[[Currency] 
[Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
of 
Tranche] [Title of Notes]] on [●]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
 
[●] 
 
[(i)]   Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)]  Tranche: 
[●] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus an amount corresponding 
to accrued interest at a rate of [●] per 
cent. of such Aggregate Nominal 
Amount for the period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the Issue Date (in 
the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
 
10  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 119 ---
Page 119 
WS0101.32545672.1 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s):  
[●] 
(one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)  
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable/ [●] (specify date)] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR or other] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Instalment] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable (for Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes)/Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify details for convertibility of the 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
in 
accordance with the provisions of 
Conditions 5(d)] 
12. Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
  
[●] 
14. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 120 ---
Page 120 
WS0101.32545672.1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually / semi-annually / quarterly / 
monthly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the 
[Maturity Date / Extended Maturity 
Date] 
 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons] 
[where applicable [(adjusted pursuant to 
the [specify applicable Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business 
Day"]]) / [(Unadjusted)]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling in/on [●] 
 
[insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)] / Not Applicable 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 / (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in 
the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)) 
16. Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 121 ---
Page 121 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:  
 
[●]  
 
(iii) 
First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date) 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant Business Day Convention is 
not intended to affect the Interest 
Amount payable on any date] 
 
(vi) 
Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
 
 
[FBF 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Floating 
Rate 
(Taux 
Variable): 
 
[●]  
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination] 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date

--- Page 122 ---
Page 122 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Original Reference Rate: 
[●] [Either EURIBOR or other] 
 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
Primary Source: 
[Specify 
relevant 
screen 
page 
or 
"Reference Banks"] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely 
connected to the Reference Rate - specify 
if not Paris] 
 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional 
amount] 
 
 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained 
with 
effect 
from

--- Page 123 ---
Page 123 
WS0101.32545672.1 
commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not 
duration of Interest Accrual Period] 
 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero per cent. (0.00%) per annum]/[[●] 
per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: [Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 / (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
17. Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Change 
of 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable 
to the  
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
or 
the 
Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable (excluded): 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note] with further variables set out in 
item [15/16] of these Final Terms 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Interest Periods 
following the Switch Date 
or the Automatic Switch

--- Page 124 ---
Page 124 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(included): 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was 
a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note] with further variables set out in 
item [15/16] of these Final Terms 
 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vii)  Minimum notice period 
required for notice from the 
Issuer: 
 
 
[[] Business Days prior to the [Switch 
Date] / [Automatic Switch Date] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
18. Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / 
Actual 30A/360 / (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-ISDA] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
 
[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 125 ---
Page 125 
WS0101.32545672.1 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination / Not Applicable 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination / Not Applicable 
 
20. Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(iii) 
Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
 
[●]  
 
 
 
(iv) 
Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
 
[●]  
21. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination 
22. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on early redemption 
(Condition 6(i)) : 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination]/[As 
per 
Condition 
6(d)(ii)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/ 
Materialised 
Notes] (Materialised Notes are only in 
bearer form) 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur)/ 
administered 
registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif administré)/ fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name 
and address] (Note that a Registration 
Agent can be appointed in relation to

--- Page 126 ---
Page 126 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form only) 
 
 
(iii) 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate: 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised 
Notes 
on 
[●] 
(the 
Exchange Date), being forty (40) 
calendar days after the Issue Date 
(subject to postponement as specified in 
the Temporary Global Certificate)] 
 
24. Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment 
dates for the purposes of Condition 
7(g): 
 
 
 
Adjusted Payment Date (Condition 
7(g)) : 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details] Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period 
end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15 
(ii) and 16(v) relate] 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/The next 
following business day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which case such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding 
business 
day.] 
[The 
immediately 
preceding 
business 
day]/[Other]11 
 
25. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Materialised Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give 
details] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Materialised Notes) 
26. Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
 
27. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 12(b)] apply] 
 
 
11  
The market practice is that, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(g)).

--- Page 127 ---
Page 127 
WS0101.32545672.1 
28. Meeting and Voting Provisions 
(Condition 10): 
 
[[No Masse]/[Full Masse]/[Contractual 
Masse] shall apply] 
(Note that (i) 
Condition 
10 (a) 
(Contractual 
representation 
of 
Noteholders/No 
Masse) 
is 
only 
applicable in respect of Notes with a 
denomination of, or which can only be 
traded in amounts of, at least €100,000 
or its equivalent and (ii) Condition 10 
(c) 
(Contractual 
Masse) 
is 
only 
applicable in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes issued (a) outside France or (b) 
with a Specified Denomination of at 
least €100,000 or its equivalent) 
(If Condition 10 (b) (Full Masse) or (c) 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert 
below details of Representative and 
alternate 
Representative 
and 
remuneration, if any:) 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Representative: [●]] 
[Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
[The Representative will receive no 
remuneration/ The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of: [●]] 
GENERAL 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued 
has been translated into Euro at the rate of [●] per 
cent. producing a sum of: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on 
[Euronext Paris /other (specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 
50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Société Générale SFH. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant 
third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that to 
the best of its knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it

--- Page 128 ---
Page 128 
WS0101.32545672.1 
is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]12  
 
Signed on behalf of Société Générale SFH: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised [Signature of the legal representative of the Issuer or the person responsible 
for the prospectus according to the relevant national law] 
 
 
12  
Include if the third party information is provided.

--- Page 129 ---
Page 129 
WS0101.32545672.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris] / other (specify)/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
(a) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] / (specify relevant 
regulated market) with effect from [●].] / 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / 
(specify relevant regulated market) with effect 
from [●].] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting an assimilated (fungible) 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are 
already listed and admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) 
Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities 
of the same class of the 
Notes to be admitted to 
trading 
are 
already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[●] ]13 
 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
 
[●] (See paragraph 10 of the section entitled 
"General Information" of the Base Prospectus 
which provides that the Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms will be published on the website of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers during a 
period of 12 months from the date of this base 
prospectus. Please provide for additional 
methods of publication in respect of an 
admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
other than Euronext Paris.) 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[The Notes are expected to be rated :] 
[Moody's France S.A.S.: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
 
13  
Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 130 ---
Page 130 
WS0101.32545672.1 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.14] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
(Where documenting an assimilated (fungible) 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are 
already rated) 
 
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
Moody’s France S.A.S. [and [●]] is established 
in the European Union and is registered under 
European Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody’s 
France S.A.S. [and [●]] is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.  
 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] 
not established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] not registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue 
of 
the 
EUWA 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"). The rating[s] of the Notes issued 
by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] 
[has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of 
relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been 
withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]15 
 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus 
Regulation [has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue 
which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for 
 
 
14  
Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
15  
To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes 
issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 131 ---
Page 131 
WS0101.32545672.1 
subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] 
certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [has/have] 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
4.  
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
 
The Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the 
assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège 
defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, after settlement of this 
issue and of the issues which have been the subject of previous certifications. 
 
5. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND 
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST16 
 
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final Terms 
in respect of the Issuer or the Notes, provide such person's name, business address, 
qualifications and material interest if any in the Issuer. If the report has been produced at the 
Issuer's request a statement to the effect that such statement or report is included, in the form 
and context in which it is included, with the consent of that person who has authorised the 
contents of that part in respect of the Issuer or the Notes. 
 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.] 
 
6. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: "Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale", so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has a material interest in the 
offer.". 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]] 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES] 17  
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫]* / [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] 
/ 
[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green/Social/Sustainability] Positive Impact 
Notes and an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds will be applied to finance and/or 
 
 
16  
Please note that some regulatory authorities may require the inclusion of this information even though the denomination 
of the Notes is €100,000 or more. 
17  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 132 ---
Page 132 
WS0101.32545672.1 
refinance [describe specific Eligible Activities 
and Framework including website link, second 
party opinion and/or other relevant information 
where such information can be obtained] 
*(If reasons for offer different from those stated 
in "Use of Proceeds" will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫]. [Include breakdown of expenses.]18 
 
 
8. 
[Floating 
Rate 
Notes 
only 
- 
HISTORIC 
INTEREST 
RATES 
AND 
INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/ other] rates can 
be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters]/ [●] (give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance).] 
 
 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the Benchmark 
Regulation). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
in 
the 
United 
Kingdom.]]/[Not Applicable]]  
9. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●].] 
 
 
18  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 133 ---
Page 133 
WS0101.32545672.1 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
Bank 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
and address(es) and provide any other 
appropriate information] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Name and address of Paying Agents: 
[Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Société Générale 
BP 81236 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
44312 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
Luxembourg Paying Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg] 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
 
 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated /Non-syndicated]

--- Page 134 ---
Page 134 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses]19 of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments]20: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments21]] 
[(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)22] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (including 
addresses) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]23 of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address24]] 
 
(v) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession25: 
 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
[C Rules apply/ D Rules apply/ TEFRA not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors26: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors27: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
19  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
20  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
21  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
22  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
23  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
24  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
25  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100.000. 
26 
The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
27  
The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 135 ---
Page 135 
WS0101.32545672.1 
 
 
 
 
 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 136 ---
Page 136 
WS0101.32545672.1 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Issue Specific Summary to be inserted for a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 137 ---
Page 137 
WS0101.32545672.1 
17. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
In the following section, the expression "Notes" will only include French Law Notes and the 
expression "Noteholders" includes any holder of French Law Note. 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 9 June 2021, 
as amended from time to time, between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) (the Dealer 
Agreement), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Dealer(s). The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting 
as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of 
Notes subscribed by such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its 
expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their 
activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealer(s) to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for 
such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the Dealer Agreement and the Dealer(s) in 
particular following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification 
will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will, to the 
best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the public in a Member 
State of the EEA except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State of the EEA: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150), natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or

--- Page 138 ---
Page 138 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, expressions (i) offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and (ii) Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading, as amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or 
below. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S.

--- Page 139 ---
Page 139 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
The Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer 
Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
and (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering or the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells the Notes a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of Notes during the distribution 
compliance period, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any 
identifiable Tranche, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer that is not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to 
reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus 
does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person 
within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of 
the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States 
is prohibited. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 140 ---
Page 140 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection

--- Page 141 ---
Page 141 
WS0101.32545672.1 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and the Dealer(s) has 
represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to a resident in Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes 
and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes. 
Italy 
Each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor 
will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of the Notes and such 
offering of Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (Consob) in the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and, accordingly, 
no Note may be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not be offered, sold, transferred 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public (offerta al 
pubblico), nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to 
the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2(e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the 
Prospectus Regulation as implemented by Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from which are exempted from the rules 
on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Moreover, and subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealer(s) has represented and agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
any offer, sale, transfer or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, 
and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, will be made:

--- Page 142 ---
Page 142 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Consob Regulation no. 11971 of 
14 May 1999, the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, Consob Regulation 
no. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the Banking Act), in each case as amended from time to time, and any other 
applicable laws or regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of 
Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian 
authorities. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any 
offer and resale of the Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other document relating to the Notes, 
and the information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not 
to be distributed to any third-party resident or located in the Republic of Italy for any reason. 
Germany 
No Base Prospectus nor any prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation has 
been, nor will be, published in Germany or filed with the German Federal Financial Services 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) with regard to any 
Notes. 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, and will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly 
or indirectly to the public in Germany, except in compliance with all applicable laws in 
particular the Prospectus Regulation and the German Investment Product Act. 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of 
Notes as an investment product for any investor. In particular, the Issuer assumes no 
responsibility for the eligibility of any Notes as investment for any Noteholder domiciled in 
Germany and subject to particular regulatory requirements with regard to its investments, 
including, without limitation, insurance companies, pension funds, credit institutions and 
investment funds. Unless explicitly stated otherwise in the Conditions or the Final Terms, no 
reference therein to particular German law regulatory requirements implies or may be construed 
to imply any representation or warranty by the Issuer as to the suitability of the relevant Note 
for the Noteholder.

--- Page 143 ---
Page 143 
WS0101.32545672.1 
18. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
For the following section, it is specified that the expression "Notes" will only include French 
Law Notes and the expression "Noteholders" includes any holder of such French Law Notes. 
(1) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF as competent authority in France 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of either the Issuer or the quality of the French Law Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in such French Law Notes. Application will be made in certain circumstances 
to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the 
listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 9 June 2022. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the establishment of the Programme.  
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. The board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer may delegate to any of its members and to any other 
person, the power to decide on the issue of such Notes within a period of one year. For 
this purpose, the board of directors (conseil d’administration) of the Issuer has 
delegated on 28 September 2020, to its chief executive officer (directeur général), and 
to its deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué), acting jointly or 
separately, from 29 September 2020 the power to issue obligations de financement de 
l’habitat under the Programme, up to a maximum amount of € 50,000,000,000 (i) per 
issue and (ii) in aggregate for one year, which authority will, unless previously 
cancelled, expire on 29 September 2021.  
 (3) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
(4) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
(5)  
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there have been no recent events which the 
Issuer considers material to the investors since 31 December 2020. 
 (6) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not or has not been involved 
in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering 
at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(7) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
France 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du 
Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy,

--- Page 144 ---
Page 144 
WS0101.32545672.1 
1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(8) 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, the Specific Controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible 
assets of the Issuer is greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège 
is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of Notes 
or debts benefiting from the Privilège in a principal amount equal to or above Euro 500 
million or its equivalent in the currency of issue. 
(9) 
Ernst & Young et Autres (represented by Vanessa Jolivalt, Tour First, TSA 14444, 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex) and Deloitte & Associés (represented by Marjorie 
Blanc Lourme, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense cedex) have audited 
and rendered unqualified audit reports on the non-consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
Ernst & Young et Autres (represented by Vanessa Jolivalt, Tour First, TSA 14444, 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex) and Deloitte & Associés (represented by Marjorie 
Blanc Lourme, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense cedex) have audited 
and rendered unqualified audit reports on the non-consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Société Générale SFH's statutory auditors are registered with the Compagnie Nationale 
des Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory Auditors) and 
subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French 
High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
 (10) 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on 
the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). The Final Terms related to Notes traded on any 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites 
of 
(a) 
the 
AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
(b) 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related 
to those Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms 
will be published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market where the Notes have 
been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the 
EEA, as the case may be, where the Notes have been admitted to trading. 
(11) 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours 
on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered 
office of the Issuer: 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2020 Annual Financial Report, the 2019 Annual Financial Report and the 
EMTN Previous Conditions;

--- Page 145 ---
Page 145 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(c) 
Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or further Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by 
any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in 
this Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the Specific Controller in 
respect of (i) each quarter relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant 
quarter and (ii) each issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above 
Euro 500 million or its equivalent in the currency of the relevant issue.  
The Paying Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, of 
the Temporary Global Certificates, of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the 
Coupons, of the Receipts and of the Talons) will be available during normal business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for 
inspection, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s)). 
(12) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions. 
(13) 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the yield. The 
yield will be calculated at the time of the issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield 
indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as of the Issue Date of the Notes 
and it will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the stabilising manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot the Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager(s)) will 
undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 
sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one 
or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. In this case, a 
statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the 
relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend 
to update this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 146 ---
Page 146 
WS0101.32545672.1 
(16) 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a 
Tranche and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make, pursuant to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount of interest payable 
under the Notes or receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
(17) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "€", "Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member 
states of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time, 
references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful 
currency of Switzerland. 
(18) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500KN90DZLHUN3566.

--- Page 147 ---
Page 147 
WS0101.32545672.1 
19. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) may contain certain 
statements that are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer’s business 
strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, 
and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally 
includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", 
"project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and 
actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of 
various factors. Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements 
do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 148 ---
Page 148 
WS0101.32545672.1 
20. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or a further base prospectus which shall constitute a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a replacement base 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offer of Notes. The Issuer shall submit 
such supplement to this Base Prospectus or replacement base prospectus to the AMF for 
approval and supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 149 ---
Page 149 
WS0101.32545672.1 
21. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2011 EMTN Conditions ......................... 37 
2012 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2013 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2015 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2016 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2017 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2018 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2019 Annual Accounts .......................... 37 
2019 Annual Financial Report ............. 37 
2019 Annual Report............................... 37 
2019 Auditors’ Report ........................... 37 
2019 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
2020 Annual Accounts .......................... 37 
2020 Annual Financial Report ............. 37 
2020 Annual Report............................... 37 
2020 Auditors’ Report ........................... 37 
2020 EMTN Conditions ......................... 38 
30/360 ..................................................... 78 
30/360-FBF ............................................ 79 
30E/360 .................................................. 79 
30E/360-ISDA ........................................ 80 
360/360 ................................................... 78 
A/360 ...................................................... 78 
A/365 (Fixed) ......................................... 78 
A/365 F ................................................... 78 
Account Holder ...................................... 72 
ACPR ........................................................ 7 
Act/360 ................................................... 78 
Act/365 (Fixed) ...................................... 78 
Act/Act, Act/Act-ISDA ........................... 77 
Act/Act-ICMA ........................................ 77 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)
 ............................................................ 79 
Actual/360 .............................................. 78 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................. 78 
Actual/365-FBF ..................................... 77 
Actual/Actual ......................................... 77 
Actual/Actual-FBF ................................ 77 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ............................. 77 
Actual/Actual-ISDA............................... 77 
Adjusted Payment Date ....................... 100 
Adjustment Spread ................................. 76 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .......... 76 
Agent ...................................................... 85 
Agents ..................................................... 71 
Alternative Rate ..................................... 76 
AMF ................................................. 1, 119 
Assembly ................................................ 25 
Asset Cover Test ..................................... 20 
Audit Committee ................................... 59 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis .... 91 
Automatic Switch Date ......................... 91 
Bail-in Power ........................................ 24 
Bank .................................................... 100 
Banking Act ........................................ 143 
Base Prospectus ...............................1, 119 
Basel III ................................................ 51 
Benchmark Amendments ................77, 89 
Benchmark Regulation ..................28, 134 
Benchmark Trigger Event .................... 77 
Bond Basis ............................................ 78 
Borrower ................................................. 7 
Broken Amount ..................................... 84 
BRRD .................................................... 23 
BRRD II ................................................ 24 
BRRD Revision ..................................... 24 
Business Centre(s) ................................ 77 
Business Day ....................................... 100 
C Rules .................................................. 14 
Calculation Agent ................................. 86 
Calculation Agent(s) ............................. 71 
Calculation Period ................................ 77 
Chairman ............................................ 105 
clear days ............................................. 101 
Clearstream ................................ 1, 72, 112 
Code ..................................................13, 99 
Collateral Directive ............................... 52 
Collateral Security ................................ 68 
Collateral Security Agreement ....7, 56, 68 
Collection Loss Reserve ...................20, 70 
Collection Loss Trigger Event .........20, 70 
Common Depositary ........................... 112 
Conditions ......................................71, 119 
Consob ................................................. 142 
Couponholders ...................................... 71 
Coupons................................................. 71 
CRA Regulation ...........................1, 8, 132 
CRBF Regulation ................................. 43 
CRD ....................................................... 51 
CRD IV-Package .................................. 51 
CRD Revision ........................................ 51 
CRD V ................................................... 51 
CRR ....................................................... 51 
CRR II ................................................... 51 
CRR Revision ........................................ 51 
D Rules .................................................. 14 
Day Count Fraction .............................. 77 
Dealer Agreement ..........................68, 138

--- Page 150 ---
Page 150 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Definitive Materialised Notes ........ 72, 112 
Dematerialised Notes ......................... 1, 71 
Designated Maturity .............................. 86 
Determination Date ............................... 78 
Determination Period ............................ 78 
distributor ................................................. 5 
Early Redemption Amount .................... 94 
EC ........................................................... 73 
EEA ........................................................ 71 
Effective Date ......................................... 81 
Electronic Consent .............................. 106 
Eligible Activities ............................... 8, 30 
EMTN Previous Conditions .................. 38 
EMU ....................................................... 73 
ESMA ....................................................... 1 
EURIBOR .............................................. 28 
Euro Zone .............................................. 81 
Eurobond Basis ..................................... 79 
Euroclear ................................... 1, 72, 112 
EUWA ...................................................... 4 
Exchange Date ..................................... 128 
Extended Maturity Date .................... 9, 93 
Facility Agreement ...................... 7, 56, 68 
FBF Definitions ..................................... 81 
FBF Master Agreement ......................... 81 
FBF Rate ............................................... 85 
FCA .......................................................... 5 
FIEA .................................................... 142 
Final Terms ............................... 1, 71, 119 
Financial Centre(s).............................. 100 
Fiscal Agent ........................................... 71 
Fitch Ratings ........................................... 1 
Fixed Coupon Amount .......................... 84 
Fixed Rate Notes .................................... 72 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes .................... 72 
Floating Rate ................................... 85, 86 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention
 ............................................................ 84 
Floating Rate Determination Date ........ 85 
Floating Rate Notes ............................... 72 
Floating Rate Option ............................. 86 
Following Business Day Convention .... 85 
Framework ................................... 9, 31, 65 
French Commercial Code ..................... 45 
French Law Notes ................................... 1 
French Monetary and Financial Code ... 1 
FSB ........................................................ 83 
FSMA ....................................................... 4 
General Meeting .................. 101, 107, 108 
German Law Notes .................................. 1 
GHL ........................................................ 17 
Green Positive Impact Notes ................. 65 
Group ............................................... 16, 54 
holder of any Note ................................ 73 
ICSDs .................................................. 112 
Independent Adviser ............................. 81 
Index Cessation Event .......................... 81 
Instalment Notes ................................... 72 
Insurance Distribution Directive ............ 4 
Interest Accrual Period ......................... 81 
Interest Amount .................................... 82 
Interest Commencement Date .............. 82 
Interest Determination Date ................. 82 
Interest Payment Date .......................... 82 
Interest Period ....................................... 82 
Interest Period Date .............................. 82 
Interest Reserve ..................................... 69 
Investor's Currency .............................. 33 
ISDA Definitions .................................. 82 
ISDA Rate ............................................. 86 
Issuer ................................................. 1, 71 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ........... 90 
LCR ....................................................... 17 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio ...................... 51 
Management and Servicing Agreement 68 
Masse ................................................... 108 
Materialised Notes ............................ 1, 71 
Maturity Date .......................................... 9 
MiFID II ................................................. 4 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules .... 5 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention ........................................ 85 
Moody’s ................................................... 1 
Net Stable Funding Ratio ..................... 51 
New EU Covered Bonds Framework ... 51 
Nomination Committee ......................... 59 
Noteholder ............................................. 73 
Noteholders ......................................... 101 
Notes ................................... 1, 71, 101, 110 
offer of Notes to the public ................. 139 
OFH......................................................... 1 
Optional Redemption ............................ 10 
Optional Redemption Date ................... 94 
Original Reference Rate ....................... 82 
Outsourcing and Assistance Agreement
 ........................................................... 68 
outstanding .......................................... 101 
Page ....................................................... 82 
Paying Agency Agreement...............68, 71 
Paying Agents ....................................... 71 
Positive Impact Notes........................ 9, 31 
Preceding Business Day Convention ... 85 
Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event 69 
Pre-Maturity Test .................................. 69 
PRIIPs Regulation .................................. 4 
Principal Financial Centre ................... 87

--- Page 151 ---
Page 151 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Privilège ............................................. 1, 75 
Programme .............................................. 1 
Prospectus Regulation ............. 1, 119, 139 
Rate Determination Agent ..................... 82 
Rate of Interest ...................................... 82 
Rating Agencies ....................................... 1 
Rating Agency .......................................... 1 
Receiptholders ........................................ 71 
Receipts .................................................. 71 
Redenomination Date ............................ 73 
Reference Banks .................................... 83 
Reference Rate ....................................... 83 
Registration Agent ................................. 72 
Regulated Market .............................. 1, 71 
Regulation S ..................................... 4, 139 
Relevant Date ......................................... 83 
Relevant Financial Centre .................... 83 
Relevant Nominating Body ................... 83 
Relevant Time ........................................ 83 
Representative .............................. 107, 108 
Representative Amount .......................... 83 
Requisite Rating ..................................... 70 
Reset Date .............................................. 86 
Resolution ............................................ 101 
Resolution Authority.............................. 23 
Risk Committee ...................................... 59 
Second Party Opinion ............................ 65 
Securities Act ................................... 4, 139 
Series ...................................................... 71 
SFH ..................................................... 1, 7 
Social Positive Impact Notes ................ 65 
Special Quorum Resolution ................ 103 
Specific Controller ................................ 50 
Specified Currency ................................ 84 
Specified Denomination(s) ................... 72 
Specified Duration ................................ 84 
SRB ........................................................ 24 
SRM Regulation .................................... 23 
SRM Regulation II ............................... 25 
SRM Regulation Revision .................... 25 
Successor Rate ...................................... 84 
Sustainability Positive Impact Notes .... 65 
Swap Transaction ................................. 86 
Switch Date ........................................... 90 
Talons .................................................... 71 
TEFRA .................................................. 14 
Temporary Global Certificate ..........1, 112 
Terms and Conditions ........................... 71 
Tranche ................................................. 71 
Treaty..................................................... 73 
UK ............................................................ 4 
UK MiFIR ............................................... 4 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .. 5 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ........................... 4 
Written Resolution .............................. 106 
Written Resolution Date ..................... 106 
Zero Coupon Notes ............................... 72

--- Page 152 ---
Page 152 
WS0101.32545672.1 
Issuer 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE SFH 
17, cours Valmy 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
Arranger and Dealer 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann  
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
BP 81236 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
44312 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
Luxembourg Paying Agent 
  
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG 
11, avenue Emile Reuter  
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Statutory auditors of the Issuer 
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES 
6 place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense cedex 
France 
 
Specific Controller of the Issuer 
CAILLIAU DEDOUIT ET ASSOCIES 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer and 
Documentation Advisers 
GIDE LOYRETTE NOUEL A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France 
Legal Advisers to the Arranger and 
Dealer 
ALLEN & OVERY LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris  
France