--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 
9 March 2023 
 
EMEA 142007723 
 
 
 
 
Société nationale SNCF 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Société nationale SNCF (the 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) subject to increase as described 
herein.  
 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
 
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a “Series”). Each Series may be issued in one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) on different issue dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to the interest commencement dates and matters related thereto). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis 
to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base 
Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall be, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) and pursuant to the French Code monétaire et financier. The AMF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 March 2022, as supplemented. This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of its date. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
Application may be made, for a period of 12 months after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus, for the Notes issued under the Programme (i) to be listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris S.A. and/or (ii) to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in any other 
member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Each of Euronext Paris and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market (a “Regulated Market”) for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014, as amended (“EU MiFID II”) 
(https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes to be admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to 
the public will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which (except in the case of Notes which, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market nor offered to the public in any member state of the EEA) will be filed with the AMF. The 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and, if so, the relevant stock exchange(s).  
 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market will be not less than €100,000, and if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, in each case, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the relevant issue date, or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency. 
 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes") or materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). Materialised Notes will be in bearer 
form only and may only be issued outside France. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes 
will be issued in either (i) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the relevant issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) 
as central depositary which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined below) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the 
books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
“Registration Agent”). “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on 
behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream. 
 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Notes in definitive materialised bearer form, together, if applicable, with coupons, 
for interest (“Coupons”), receipts for principal instalments (“Receipts”) and talons for additional Coupons (“Talons”) attached on or after a date which is expected 
to fall on the 40th day following the relevant issue date upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, subject to extension as described in "Provisions 
relating to Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of the Materialised Notes". Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the relevant issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a 
clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. See "Provisions relating to the Temporary Global Certificates issued in 
respect of the Materialised Notes". 
 
The Issuer's long term debt has been rated AA- with negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3 with stable outlook by Moody’s 
France SAS (“Moody's”) and AA- with negative outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). The Programme has been rated AA- by S&P, Aa3 by 
Moody’s and AA- by Fitch. S&P, Moody's and Fitch are each a credit rating agency established in the European Union ("EU") and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such each of S&P, Moody's and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by S&P, Moody's and Fitch are, as the case may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom ("UK") and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies or unrated. 
If the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, it is expected that they will receive 
the ratings given to the Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms including as to whether or not 
such rating(s) is (are) (1) issued or endorsed by credit rating agencies established in the EU, registered (or which have applied for registration) under the EU CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website and/or (2) endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the

--- Page 2 ---
EMEA 142007723 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned to a particular Tranche of Notes and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer's long-term debt and short-term debt by the relevant credit rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency.  
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
This Base Prospectus (including any supplements to this Base Prospectus) and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available 
on the website of the Issuer (https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf) and this Base Prospectus (including any supplements to this 
Base Prospectus) will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
 
 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
HSBC 
 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING  
J.P. Morgan 
La Banque Postale 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis  
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 3 ---
EMEA 142007723 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time) 
comprises a base prospectus in respect of Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with (i) any supplement hereto that may be published from 
time to time (ii) all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”) and (iii) the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be. This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the 
information in such websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Unauthorised Information 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Notes shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer or the SNCF Group (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the SNCF Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
Restriction on Distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), and include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation 
S”). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of the Notes constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe 
for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have independently verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. None of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by 
reference, any other financial statements and any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and (b) should be considered

--- Page 4 ---
EMEA 142007723 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other financial statements or any document incorporated by reference or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial conditions and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes issued under the Programme of 
any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as 
amended as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “EU MIFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
EMEA 142007723 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) 
and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the "SFA"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that, 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations, 
2018 of Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter 
conflicts of interest in connection with an offer of Notes. 
No sustainability representations 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental and sustainability 
criteria required by prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet the eligibility 
criteria set out in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (each as defined below), or the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds. Investors should refer to the section “Use of proceeds” of this Base Prospectus for more information.

--- Page 6 ---
EMEA 142007723 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Considerations for investors relating to the credit rating of the Notes  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may (whether or not upon the solicitation of the relevant Issuer) 
assign credit ratings to the Notes. The Programme has been rated AA- by S&P, Aa3 by Moody's and AA- by 
Fitch, however these ratings may not necessarily reflect the rating that might or will be assigned to any 
particular issue of Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market 
and other factors that may affect the market value of the Notes.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
credit rating agency at any time. In addition, a rating downgrade may lead to an increase in the cost of financing 
for the Issuer and may therefore lead to difficulties for the Issuer to meet its obligations, including its 
obligations under the Notes. Any downgrading of the rating of the Programme and/or the Issuer which could 
be due to a gradually increasing exposure to competitive markets or important adverse changes in the national 
or European regulatory, statutory and legal framework, may adversely affect the marketability of the Notes 
issued under this Programme in the secondary market. In addition, since the French State is the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer and may be looked to in case of financial contributions, if needed, changes in the ratings or 
outlook on the French State could lead to corresponding changes to those in respect of the Issuer. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
credit rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant credit rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to an interest rate indice such as 
EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS, TEC 10, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON or any other reference rate set out 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to CPI or HICP (each as defined 
below).  
As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA, TEC 10, CPI and HICP do not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation, such that the administrators of these benchmarks are not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration.  
The applicable Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes may specify 
the relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA 
register referred to above.

--- Page 7 ---
EMEA 142007723 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Market Institute (“EMMI”) is included in ESMA’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“ICE”) is not currently required to obtain, recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
SIX Index AG (an entity of SIX Swiss Exchange AG) has been endorsed under Article 33 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA. 
Suitability of investment in the Notes  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 
 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or in any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
the principal or interest payments is different from the potential purchaser’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any financial 
markets and of any financial variable which might have a negative impact on the return on the Notes; 
and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may adversely affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial, legal, tax and/or accounting adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective 
investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above.  
 
When the Materialised Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream or any other 
clearing system or Dematerialised Notes are created in book entry form in Euroclear France, investors 
will have to rely on the clearing system procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer 
While Materialised Notes are held in the Clearing Systems, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through such Clearing Systems. Dematerialised Notes will be created in book entry form in 
Euroclear France and investors will be able to trade the Notes only through Euroclear France Account Holders.

--- Page 8 ---
EMEA 142007723 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
While Materialised Notes are held in the Clearing Systems or, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Issuer 
will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or the 
common safekeeper (in the case of Materialised Notes), or through accounts of Euroclear France Account 
Holders for the benefit of the holders of Dematerialised Notes (in the case of Dematerialised Notes). A holder 
of a beneficial interest in such Materialised Notes or a holder of Dematerialised Notes must rely on the 
procedures of the Clearing Systems and such Euroclear France Account Holders, as the case may be, to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Notes held in any clearing system(s). The Noteholders are 
therefore reliant on the clearing system(s) and any intermediaries for any transfers, payments and 
communications and the Noteholders may not have any recourse against them in the event of any defaults or 
delays in respect thereof. 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the 
Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that, even though Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 established a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment, the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to 
be defined as, a "green" project is still under development. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such objectives 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
Eligible Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available 
in connection with the issue of the Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for 
any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is 
responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time 
sufficient Eligible Green Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds in full.  
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the Issuer's Green Bond Framework including the assessment 
of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to Green Bonds set out in therein. ISS ESG has issued an 
independent opinion on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party 
Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address 
any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or 
considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification 
may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or

--- Page 9 ---
EMEA 142007723 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
certification and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may also be subject 
to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to 
time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification do not form 
part of, nor are they incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or 
“sustainable” segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the 
Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the dealer or dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in the applicable 
final terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilisation manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any stabilisation manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 10 ---
EMEA 142007723 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 21 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus .................................................................................................................. 50 
Presentation of Financial and other Information .............................................................................................. 51 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 52 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 56 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 134 
Provisions relating to Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of the Materialised Notes ............... 136 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 137 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 154 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 161 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 164 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 187 
Persons Responsible for the Information Given in the Base Prospectus ........................................................ 191

--- Page 11 ---
EMEA 142007723 
11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, “Use of 
Proceeds” shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer:  
The Issuer is a société anonyme (a limited liability company) 
whose share capital is held in the public domain (formerly, 
SNCF Mobilités, then an établissement public à caractère 
industriel et commercial), which is the holding company of a 
newly reorganised state-owned unified group fulfilling the 
public service missions in the field of rail transport and 
mobility. The SNCF Group (as defined in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default)) is composed of the Issuer, holding directly and 
indirectly several Subsidiaries, including SNCF Voyageurs (a 
new company, established as a société anonyme, primarily 
carrying out the activities previously carried out by SNCF 
Mobilités) and SNCF Réseau (formerly an établissement public 
à caractère industriel et commercial and now a société 
anonyme). 
 
The Issuer is 100 per cent. controlled by the French State.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
969500A4MXJ3ESPHK698 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme, including risks relating to the 
structure of a particular series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under the section “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Arranger: 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC 
Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch, J.P. 
Morgan SE, La Banque Postale, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, 
Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., Nomura Financial Products 
Europe GmbH, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, RBC 
Europe Limited, SMBC Bank EU AG and Société Générale.

--- Page 12 ---
EMEA 142007723 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as 
dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and to all persons 
appointed as dealers in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
French Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe PLC. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale"), including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year: Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue 
are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of 
the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Programme Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement dated 9 March 2023 (as may be amended or 
supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue 
Date”) between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers (the 
“Dealer Agreement”)). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued in one or more Series having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
Tranches on the same or different issue dates with no minimum 
issue size. Further Notes may be issued as part of an existing 
Series. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same

--- Page 13 ---
EMEA 142007723 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Series) will be set out in the final terms supplemental to this 
Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s). 
Redenomination and Consolidation: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated in Euro and may be 
consolidated with Notes of one or more other Series also 
denominated in Euro. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised 
Notes”) 
or 
materialised 
form 
(“Materialised Notes”), in such denominations of not less than 
Euro 100,000 for any Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market (or the equivalent in another currency) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Materialised Notes will 
only be issued outside France. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif), 
and in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, 
in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer (au porteur) form 
only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary 
global certificate (“Temporary Global Certificate”) without 
interest coupons will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes and which will be exchangeable 
for Notes in definitive materialised bearer form, together, if 
applicable, with coupons, for interest (“Coupons”), receipts for 
principal instalments (“Receipts”) and talons for additional 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on or after a date which is 
expected to fall on the 40th day following the Issue Date upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Conversion of Notes: 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholders will not 
have the option to convert from registered (au nominatif) form 
to bearer (au porteur) dematerialised form and vice versa.

--- Page 14 ---
EMEA 142007723 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form 
(au nominatif), the Noteholders will have the option to convert 
from fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) to 
administered registered dematerialised form (au nominatif 
administré) and vice versa. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and 
Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and, save for 
statutorily preferred exceptions, equally with all its other 
obligations which are unsecured and unsubordinated from time 
to time outstanding. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream, Euroclear and/or any 
other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
Materialised Notes. Transfers between Euroclear and 
Clearstream participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear 
France Account Holders, on the other hand, shall be effected 
directly or via their respective depositaries in accordance with 
applicable rules and operating procedures established for this 
purpose by Euroclear and Clearstream, on the one hand, and 
Euroclear France on the other hand. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms)) or the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)), each as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on 
its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue 
of the first Tranch of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
FBF Definitions published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française, and as amended and updated as at the Issue

--- Page 15 ---
EMEA 142007723 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series; or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to a screen rate determined EURIBOR, 
€STR, EUR CMS, TEC 10, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or 
SARON (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) or 
any other reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. Unless a higher rate is stated in 
the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
 
Interest periods will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate 
of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the Independent Adviser may be permitted to substitute 
such benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a 
successor, replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of 
Notes and, potentially, the application of an Adjustment Spread 
(which could be positive or negative)). 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes will bear interest by reference to an 
inflation index ratio derived from either (i) the consumer price 
index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut 
National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques 
(“INSEE”) (the “CPI”), or (ii) the harmonised index of 
consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor 
index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” 
and together, the “Inflation Indices”). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final 
Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest other than in the 
case of late payment.

--- Page 16 ---
EMEA 142007723 
16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Dual Currency Notes may be issued for which the amount of 
interest payable in relation to each Interest Accrual Period will 
be determined by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Note, multiplying such 
product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, applying the 
Rate of Exchange specified in the Final Terms and rounding 
the resulting amount in the Equivalent Currency in which the 
amount of interest will be paid. 
Reverse Dual Currency Notes: 
Reverse Dual Currency Notes may be issued for which the 
amount of interest payable in relation to each Interest Accrual 
Period will be determined by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Equivalent Calculation Amount multiplying such product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, applying the Rate of 
Exchange and rounding the resulting amount in the Specified 
Currency in which the amount of interest will be paid. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see "Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above. 
Optional Redemption by the Issuer: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption 
Date, at the Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that 
are redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates 
on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
If by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws and 
regulations of France or any political subdivision or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change 
in the official application or interpretation thereof, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation), the Issuer may redeem, at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption, all (but not some only) of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 17 ---
EMEA 142007723 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Notes the Issuer would be prevented by French law from 
making payment to the Noteholders of the full amount then due 
and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and 
shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date of such redemption. 
Make-whole Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem the 
Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, 
prior to their Maturity Date, at the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes for the time being outstanding, if 80 
per cent., or any higher percentage specified in the Final Terms, 
of the aggregate nominal amount originally issued of the Notes 
of the relevant Series have been redeemed.  
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether the Issuer will have the option, at any time as 
from the Call Option Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, to redeem the Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, 
but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption by the Issuer", 
"Make-whole redemption", "Clean-up Call" and "Residual 
Maturity Call" above, Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. See "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, Purchase and 
Options". 
Optional Redemption by the Noteholders: The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether the Issuer shall redeem the Notes at the request 
of the Noteholders on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
Dual Currency Notes Redemption: 
If Dual Currency Notes Redemption is spectified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, any Redemption Amount will be calculated 
per the outstanding nominal amount of such Note and 
converted into the Equivalent Currency at the Rate of Exchange 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Reverse 
Dual 
Currency 
Notes 
Redemption: 
If Reverse Dual Currency Notes Redemption is spectified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, any Redemption Amount shall 
be calculated per Equivalent Calculation Amount (as specified

--- Page 18 ---
EMEA 142007723 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in the Final Terms) and converted into the Specified Currency 
at the Rate of Exchange specified in the Final Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to applicable laws and 
regulations, save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, (see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year” above), and save that, in the case of any 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the EEA or offered to the public in an EEA State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). Notes of any Series may be issued 
in one denomination only. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
taxes imposed by France or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances, be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Taxation". 
Rating:  
The Programme has been rated AA- by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3 by Moody’s France SAS 
(“Moody's”) and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
(“Fitch”). S&P, Moody's and Fitch are each a credit rating 
agency established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). S&P, Moody's and Fitch are included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs). The ratings issued by S&P, Moody's and 
Fitch in respect of the Programme are each endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. If 
the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, it is 
expected that they will receive the ratings given to the 
Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms including as to whether or not 
such rating(s) is (are) (1) issued or endorsed by credit rating

--- Page 19 ---
EMEA 142007723 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
agencies established in the EU, registered (or which have 
applied for registration) under the EU CRA Regulation and 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website and/or (2) endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The 
ratings assigned to a particular Tranche of Notes and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer's 
long term debt and short term debt by the relevant credit rating 
agency. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change, or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
Further Issues and Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with those of another 
Series, all as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Further Issues and Consolidation". 
Approval and Listing: 
Application has been made to the AMF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Application may also been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme (i) to be admitted to trading on and to be 
listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) to be listed on and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of any other 
member state of the EEA. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution 
of offering material in various jurisdictions. See "Subscription 
and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is relying on Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S.  
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
The Notes and the Agency Agreement (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) are governed by and construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes, the Issuer and the Noteholders 
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
competent courts of Paris, France.

--- Page 20 ---
EMEA 142007723 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer 
either (i) to finance its general activities, or (ii) to finance 
investments in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects. See 
"Use of Proceeds"

--- Page 21 ---
EMEA 142007723 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors 
which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside 
the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer, the SNCF Group and/or the Notes and material 
for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under are described below.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risks on the Issuer and the SNCF Group and the probability of their occurrence.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
 
With respect to the Issuer and the Notes, the risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
(i) 
Risks Related to the Issuer: 
1. 
Legal and regulatory risks;  
2.  
Macroeconomic risks; 
3. 
Operational risks; 
4.  
Financial risks. 
(ii) 
Risks Related to the Notes: 
1.  
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer; 
2.  
Risks related to the structure of a particular Series of Notes, including interest rate and 
 
early redemption; 
3.  
Risks related to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues; 
4.  
Risks related to the trading markets of the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER  
1. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Status of the Issuer 
The New Railway Pact (as defined in the section “Description of the Issuer”) provided for the 
transformation of the pre-reform SNCF group with the establishment, as from 1 January 2020, of a 
new state-owned unified group fulfilling the public services in the field of rail transport and mobility, 
composed of the Issuer (formerly an EPIC (as defined below) (pre-transformation) SNCF Mobilités 
(“SNCF Mobilités EPIC”)) as the parent company of a group comprising several direct and indirect 
subsidiaries, including SNCF Voyageurs (a new company carrying out most of the former activities 
of SNCF Mobilités EPIC) and SNCF Réseau (formerly an EPIC (pre-transformation) SNCF Réseau 
(“SNCF Réseau EPIC”)) (see also the section “Description of the Issuer” and the paragraph “The 
New Railway Pact”).

--- Page 22 ---
EMEA 142007723 
22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As a result of the New Railway Pact, the legal form of the Issuer was transformed automatically (de 
plein droit), by operation of law (du seul fait de la loi), from a French établissement public à caractère 
industriel et commercial (an “EPIC”) to a French société anonyme (a limited liability company) whose 
share capital is held in the public domain as from 1 January 2020. Consequently, the statutory support 
inherent in the EPIC status whereby the relevant ministry is required to mobilise any additional 
financial contributions needed by an EPIC in case of financial difficulty is no longer available to the 
Issuer and, as from 1 January 2020, the Issuer became subject to the legal provisions applicable to 
limited liability companies, including provisions governing reorganisation, insolvency and liquidation 
of the limited liability companies. As the Issuer may be dependant of the financial support of the 
French State (see the paragraph “Capital injections (Capital)” in the section “Description of the 
Issuer”) and as SNCF Réseau still has a Ratio (as defined in the section “Description of the Issuer” in 
the paragraph entitled “The Golden rule to which SNCF Réseau is subject”) at a high level, the loss of 
such statutory support can have a material adverse impact on the ability of the Noteholders to seek 
recourse against the Issuer and its assets, including in the case of any insolvency and liquidation (see 
“Risks related to the Notes - French insolvency law”). 
The French Government may interfere in decisions that are important for the Issuer or the SNCF 
Group 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the French State and pursuant to Article 1 of the Order is under the 
control of the French State with respect to economic, financial and technical matters. Moreover, as a 
public services company, the Issuer remains subject to the supervision of the Cour des Comptes 
(French national audit office) a posteriori. 
Accordingly, the French State continues to have the power to interfere in or influence decisions 
relating to the activities and organisation of the Issuer and the SNCF Group. 
The New Railway Pact and the pension reforms in France passed in early 2020 are the latest of several 
reforms and reorganisations decided by the French State to which the SNCF Group has been subject 
in the past and the SNCF Group could be subject in the future to further reorganisations or may be 
impacted by other reforms, in particular the new upcoming pension reforms in France, having an 
impact on revenue sources or valuation of its assets, implementing new financial restrictions or giving 
rise to conflicts with employees which can have a material adverse effect on its business, with major 
strike actions affecting the quality of service for long periods of time, which could in turn have a 
significant impact on the competitiveness, reputation and financial condition, with an increase of the 
indebtedness, of the SNCF Group. 
Additionally, certain measures decided by the French State may be challenged a posteriori, in 
particular by the European Commission in the context of its oversight of state aid. For example, on 18 
January 2023, the European Commission opened an investigation regarding the compliance of certain 
financings granted to Fret SNCF with the state aid rules. Those financings included cash advances for 
an estimated amount of approximately €4.0 to 4.3 billion, an intragroup debt cancellation for an 
amount of €5.3 billion (which includes the cash advances) and a capital injection of €170 million. At 
this stage the SNCF Group has not indentified any impact on its balance sheet but if the European 
Commission decides that those financing measures would need to be reconsidered, this could have a 
negative impact on the financial situation of the SNCF Group. 
SNCF Réseau and SNCF Gares & Connexions operate their activities within the context of a 
performance contract entered into with the French State  
In accordance with Article L. 2111-10 and Article L. 2111-10-1 A of the French Code des transports, 
applicable as of 1 January 2020, operating agreements (so-called “performance contracts”) have to be 
entered into between the French State and each of SNCF Réseau and SNCF Gares & Connexions.

--- Page 23 ---
EMEA 142007723 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Following the entry into force of the Railway Reform Law, the performance contract dated 20 April 
2017 and entered into between the French State and SNCF Réseau EPIC for ten years (an update being 
conducted every three years), setting out objectives relating to inter alia quality services objectives, 
financial trajectory, development of the railway public service and land-use planning remained in 
force. An update of such contract has been agreed by the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau on 4 
November 2021 and has been signed on 6 April 2022.  
SNCF Gares & Connexions also entered into a performance contract with the French State on 27 April 
2022 for the 2021-2026 period. The purpose of this performance contract is to promote the 
development of the rail system, particularly through the adaptation and modernization of infrastructure 
and services, based on a sustainable business model. 
The new financial trajectories that have been adopted in the context of the performance contracts of 
SNCF Réseau and SNCF Gares & Connexions may not provide the appropriate ressources to SNCF 
Réseau and SNCF Gares & Connexions in order to meet their performance targets in terms of 
maintenance and development of the railway network, which in turn could lead to a deterioration of 
the valuation of their assets, their financial situations and of the quality of service due to the necessity 
to decrease costs which would have a material adverse effect on the operations and reputation of the 
SNCF Group. 
The financial trajectory of the SNCF Group may be challenged by several factors that may be 
difficult to anticipate. 
Following the implementation of the New Railway Pact, the financial trajectory of the SNCF Group 
includes and will include in particular the following (see also note 4.4.3.3 of the 2021 Consolidated 
Annual Financial Statements): 
 
the second phase of the debt relief of SNCF Réseau by the French State enacted by the Loi n° 
2021-1900 dated 30 December 2021 (see Description of the Issuer – the main features of the 
debt relief of SNCF Réseau); 
 
a €4.7 billion recovery plan with two components: (i) a €4.05 billion capital increase of the 
Issuer, the proceeds of which have been credited simultaneously to the French State fund 
dedicated to the railway infrastructure manager and will be transferred to SNCF Réseau in 
several instalments from 2021 to 2023 (with €1.6 billion and €1.8 billion already paid 
respectively in 2021 and 2022) and (ii) €650 million in budgetary credits for the renovation 
of minor historical regional lines (lignes de desserte fine du territoire) and the relaunch of two 
night train lines; in addition, the SNCF Group will benefit from a specific recovery plan of 
€170 million per year for the rail freight sector;  
 
a level of investment by SNCF Réseau necessary to restore and renew the railways network 
by 2030; 
 
an increase in TGV and freight charges related to the use of the railway network, as approved 
by the Transport Regulatory Authority, limited to that of the level of inflation; and 
 
a commitment of SNCF Group to reach balanced cash flows by the end of 2022 in the context 
of its performance contract with the French State, to reduce its indebtedness to 6.0x its 
operating margin by 2023 and to reach a ratio FFO1 to net debt equal or above 10%. 
Nonetheless, such financial trajectory could be challenged by several external factors of uncertainty, 
including: 
 
any refusal of the Transport Regulatory Authority to approve the level of regulated tariffs 
                                                     
1 FFO = EBITDA – Interest expenses – taxes, see the 2022 Issuer French Financial Report for further details.

--- Page 24 ---
EMEA 142007723 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
related to the use of the railway network (see risk factor “The level of regulated tariffs in 
connection with the use of the railway network could have an impact on the results of the 
Issuer and on the results of SNCF Réseau”); 
 
the implementation of the New Railway Pact that sets out the conditions for the opening up of 
the French passenger railway transport activities to competition, which may have a potential 
financial impact on the different activities of SNCF Voyageurs, beyond what is anticipated; 
 
any reconsideration of the French State regarding the financial ressources that will be provided 
to SNCF Group or SNCF Réseau in the context of the recovery plan; 
 
the amplitude of any economic downturns, in particular in the context of the inflationary 
environment resulting from the combined effect of the Covid-19 pandemic and the war in 
Ukraine which, in particular, may increase investment costs, triggered a crisis in the energy 
supply at the European level, resulting for SNCF Voyageurs in an anticipated increase of the 
operating costs for TGV, Intercités, Thalys and Eurostar by an average of 13% in 2023 (see 
the risk factor “Risk relating to the macro-economic conditions resulting from the Covid-19 
pandemic and the war in Ukraine”) and in the context of raising interest rates environment 
which could affect the access of the SNCF Group to the capital markets or other sources of 
finance at competitive rates; 
 
the consequences of the ongoing reflections or those which could be initiated related to the 
evolution of the economic models of the activities "Voyages" and "Intercités"; and 
 
any further reform of the French railway sector. 
Additionally, the Group closed the sale of Ermewa in late 2021. The proceeds of such sale will 
contribute to the financial trajectory of the SNCF Group. It resulted in a net debt reduction of 
approximately €3.2 billion for SNCF as at 31 December 2021 (including the price received for the sale 
of the shares and the release from Ermewa's own debt which will be assumed by the new shareholders). 
In 2022 the Group also closed the sale of Akiem which resulted in a debt reduction of approximately 
€0.8 billion. In order to maintain its financial trajectory, the Issuer may have to initiate the sale of 
certain of its other assets, and certain of such assets may be strategic for its activities. 
The level of regulated tariffs in connection with the use of the railway network could have an impact 
on the results of the Issuer and on the results of SNCF Réseau 
The Issuer is a holding company that conducts its operations through its subsidiaries. It holds no 
significant assets other than its shareholding interests in the SNCF Group’s operating companies and 
the Issuer is therefore dependent upon its subsidiaries, including SNCF Voyageurs, to make dividend 
distributions to it to meet its obligations, including the obligations to pay interest and principal under 
the Notes. 
Additionally, as a result of the New Railway Pact SNCF Réseau will not have the possibility to make 
dividend distributions to the Issuer of revenues coming from the regulated tariffs paid by operators of 
railway transport activities and/or users of the railway infrastructure. 
The primary revenue sources of SNCF Réseau, which represents more than 90% of its consolidated 
revenue, and one of the primary expenses of SNCF Voyageurs, which represents about 13.5% of its 
consolidated revenue, are tariffs charged by SNCF Réseau for using the national railway network.  
These tariffs are calculated in compliance with Directive 2012/34/EU dated 21 November 2012 (as 
amended) establishing a single European railway area, the European Union Regulation 2015/909 dated 
12 June 2015 (as amended) on the modalities for the calculation of the cost that is directly incurred as

--- Page 25 ---
EMEA 142007723 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a result of operating the train service and Article L. 2133-5 of the French Code de transports (as well 
as other relevant French decrees).  
Therefore, any decrease of the tariffs charged by SNCF Réseau to SNCF Voyageurs and the other 
operators of railway transport activities and/or users of the railway infrastructure could have a 
significant negative impact on the results and on the valuation of the assets of SNCF Réseau. 
Otherwise, any increase of the tariffs charged by SNCF Réseau to SNCF Voyageurs and the other 
operators of railway transport activities and/or users of the railway infrastructure could have a 
significant negative impact on the ability of SNCF Voyageurs to make dividend distributions to the 
Issuer which could have an impact on the results of the Issuer while revenues coming from the tariffs 
paid to SNCF Réseau by operators of railway transport activities and/or users of the railway 
infrastructure could not be distributed to the Issuer. 
The level of tariffs charged by SNCF Réseau to SNCF Voyageurs and the other transportation 
operators of railway transport activities and/or users of the railway infrastructure is first proposed by 
SNCF Réseau but must be approved by the Transport Regulatory Authority. 
The level of the tariffs will therefore depend on the discussions between the Transport Regulatory 
Authority and SNCF Réseau. For example, in February 2020 and July 2020, the Transport Regulatory 
Authority rejected the level of the regulated tariffs of the national railway network proposed by SNCF 
Réseau with respect to the activities of TER & Transilien for the period 2021-2023. Following an 
administrative recourse before the French Conseil d’Etat against the decisions of the Transport 
Regulatory Authority, SNCF Réseau applied to TER & Transilien, for 2021, the tariff approved for 
2020 with a limited increase of 1.8% (against 2.4% initially required by SNCF Réseau). The level of 
the regulated tariff charged by SNCF Réseau to SNCF Voyageurs for certains activities being subject 
of the prior approval of the Transport Regulatory Authority, SNCF Reseau does not have the 
possibility to maximise its earnings which has an impact on its financial performance and results of 
operations. Nonetheless, the Transport Regulatory Authority agreed on 9 February 2023 on the level 
of tariffs proposed by SNCF Réseau for the period 2024-2026 with an average increase of 8% 
compared to the level of tariffs applicable over the previous period, in order to mitigate the negative 
effect of the inflation in the current macro-economic context. 
Activities of the Issuer's and certain other members of the SNCF Group require various 
administrative authorisations that may be difficult to obtain or whose grant may be subject to 
conditions that may become significantly more stringent 
The development of the Issuer's and certain other members of the SNCF Group’s activities requires 
various administrative authorisations, at local and national levels. The procedures for obtaining and 
renewing these authorisations can be long and complex. The Issuer and other members of the SNCF 
Group may accordingly incur substantial costs to comply with the requirements associated with 
obtaining or renewing these authorisations, incure penalties and/or face delays in rolling-out any 
activities dependent on such authorisations which may have an impact on the development of such 
activities.  
SNCF Voyageurs faces competition in the French domestic rail market 
Since the implementation of the so-called "Fourth Railway Package" in France in 2016, and in the 
context of the New Railway Pact, competitive tendering is required for all public service contracts, 
subject to certain exceptions permitted under specific circumstances and in the case of direct award 
contracts that include performance and quality targets. SNCF is already facing competition on the 
activities operated by Geodis, Keolis, Fret SNCF, Eurostar and Thalys. 
Transport organising authorities (the French State and the French Regions) will have to apply 
competitive tendering when selecting operators of contract services (services conventionnés).

--- Page 26 ---
EMEA 142007723 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The French rail network will be opened to competition on a rolling out basis depending on the type of 
activity between 3 December 2019 and 24 December 2023, commencing in December 2019 for 
regional trains (i.e Transport express régional (“TER”) and Trains d'équilibre du territoire (“TET”)). 
Calls for tenders will be organised gradually for the different lines, after the termination dates 
applicable to the relevant existing operating contracts. For example, the opening to competition for 
the Transilien network servicing the Paris region is scheduled between 2023 and 2039 depending on 
lines. 
Open access operators (for high-speed trains and conventional trains not subject to a public service 
contract) have been able to offer competing commercial services on domestic routes from 14 
December 2020 (by December 2019 for path requests (demandes de sillons)), although restrictions 
designed to ensure the continuity of subsidised services will be permitted subject to "objective 
economic analysis" by regulators. 
Public entities will require SNCF Voyageurs to comply with the specificities of public procurement 
tendering processes, thereby limiting the SNCF Group’s ability to negotiate certain contract terms and 
potentially forcing it to accept less favourable conditions than the SNCF Voyageurs’s internal policies 
would normally require (for example, in terms of limitations on liability and cash position) and 
increasing its exposure during contract execution. SNCF Voyageurs’s assumptions made at the time 
of bidding may turn out to be inaccurate at the time of execution which may in turn have a material 
impact on the result of operations of the SNCF Group. 
SNCF Voyageurs may not be among the operators selected in the context of these tenders. As a result, 
SNCF Voyageurs may not be able to maintain its market share or gain market shares, pressure on 
selling prices of transportation services may increase, which may have an adverse effect on the quality 
of services delivered, and more generally on the business, financial condition and results of operations 
and, accordingly, those of the SNCF Group.  
2. 
Macroeconomic risks 
Risk relating to the macro-economic conditions resulting from the combined effect of the Covid-19 
pandemic and the war in Ukraine  
Currently, the macro-economic conditions are affected by the inflation which results from the 
combined effect of the governmental measures taken during Covid-19 Pandemic and the war in 
Ukraine which created shortage in various areas of the industry, in particular in the energy sector. A 
significant raise of interest rates on capital markets has also been observed in the recent months in the 
context of such crisises. 
In its press release dated 22 November 2022 (the “Press Release”), SNCF Voyageurs announced that 
it anticipates an increase in its TGV operating costs by an average of 13 % for 2023 and an increase 
of the energy costs relating to TGV operations by an average of 180 % between 2022 / 2023. Such 
increases will also affect Intercités, Eurostar and Thalys. 
To cope with the effects of such increase of its operating costs, SNCF Voyageurs announced in the 
Press Release an increase of the prices of its TGV tickets from 10 January 2023 by an average 5% and 
similar increases for Intercités, Eurostar and Thalys.  
As indicated in the press release, SNCF Voyageurs limited the increase of the prices and as a result, 
such increase will not cover entirely the anticipated increase of the operating costs.  
As a result, such increase may have a negative impact on SNCF Group’s revenues due to a potential 
decrease in the passangers attendance and, although the Group has set out hedging policies to cover 
the fluctuation of energy costs, may not enable SNCF Group to compensate the actual increase of its 
operating costs, which may have further impacts on the SNCF Group’s financial situation and could

--- Page 27 ---
EMEA 142007723 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
oblige SNCF Group to find other sources of financing and lead to an increase of its financial 
indebetedness. 
Additionally, despite the lifting of Covid-19 restrictions in Europe, any future degradation in public 
health may require new restrictions to be established which may have a negative impact on the 
financial situation of the SNCF Group, in particular, Eurostar, Thalys and TGV. Also, customer 
demand has not entirely returned to its pre-Covid-19 pandemic level.  
Although SNCF Group has established a management organization to monitor and manage the current 
macro-economic crisis with an action plan deployed to reduce structural and operating costs, to adjust 
expenses and investments, to improve cash management and attract customers, which improved the 
SNCF Group’s cash flows so far, the current macro-economic conditions may have further significant 
impacts on the financial situation or financial trajectory of SNCF Group, on certain or all of its 
activities, on the cost of its investments and on the valuation of its assets which cannot be exactly 
anticipated at this stage as this involves uncertainties relating to their magnitude, duration and 
economic consequences. 
Although the Issuer considers at this stage that it has the necessary cash and financing resources to 
cope, as far as it can reasonably estimate, with the effects of the current crisis on its activities, the 
Issuer may not, in the future, be in the position to raise new debt, refinance its existing indebtedness 
or, more generally, access the capital markets or other sources of finance at competitive rates for a 
prolonged period, in particular in the context of a raising interest rates environment. Its cost of funding 
may increase and its strategy may need to be reassessed in a way which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, revenues, results of operation, cash flows, financial conditions and prospects.  
While the Issuer is not aware of any such move, the credit ratings of the Issuer or its securities 
(including the Notes) may nonetheless be subject to a downgrading, as the rating agencies continue to 
assess the impact of the crisis. 
Economic climate, market and competition 
SNCF Group which is a global leader in transportation activities is largely dependant on the 
macroeconomic environment. Demand for the SNCF Group's mobility services and, in particular, for 
its transport and logistics services is dependent on the overall economic environment, including among 
other things: 
 
The level of economic growth which fuels the trends underlying the SNCF Group’s strategy 
in its operating markets. 
 
Macroeconomic shocks such as economic and financial crises, raising interest rates 
environment, sharp rise in inflation, economic fluctuations or a sudden increase of the cost of 
energy supply may adversely affect the SNCF Group's business. 
 
The development of key economic factors (such as disposable income or the number of 
persons in active employment) that is particularly important for passenger transport. 
 
Risks arising from depleted public sector budgets which could have adverse effects 
(particularly in the form of spending cuts). 
 
The challenges raised by environmental factors such as natural disasters or severe weather 
conditions, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, which could result in additional 
costs and/or loss of business. 
 
The development of remote working which can lower demand in regional transport.

--- Page 28 ---
EMEA 142007723 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Any slowdown in economic growth, any macroeconomic shocks, any decrease in public spending 
relating to railway transport or decline in the environment could have an impact on the Issuer’s 
operating costs, sales volume, investments in maintenance and development, and revenues. For 
example, in the context of the inflationary environment resulting from the combined effect of the 
Covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine which, in particular, triggered a crisis in the energy supply 
at the European level and may increase investment costs, SNCF Voyageurs anticipates increase of the 
operating costs for TGV, Intercités, Thalys and Eurostar by an average of 13% in 2023 (see the risk 
factor “Risk relating to the macro-economic conditions resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
war in Ukraine”). 
Developments in the competitive environment are of particular importance for the SNCF Group: 
 
In long-distance transport, the SNCF Group is exposed to heavy inter- and intra-modal 
competition, particularly with motorised individual transport as the dominant competitor, but 
also with long distance bus services and air transport. Increased competition has a negative 
impact on price perception by customers. 
 
There is intense competition in regional transport throughout Europe for securing long-term 
contracts with local authorities in charge of organising regional transportation with a 
subsequent risk of losing tenders launched in connection with the allocation of such contracts. 
The market volume is largely determined by the financial situation of the contracting 
organisations. The SNCF Group may lose revenues and profits if long-term contracts are 
allocated to its competitors or terminated and its market share may decrease. 
 
There is a risk of performance loss. To be able to compete on its markets, in particular in the 
rail freight transport industry and following the opening to competition in France of the 
operation of certain passengers’ railway lines, the SNCF Group is constantly required to 
optimise its cost structure which could have an impact on its level of investment, in particular 
on maintenance. Furthermore, depending on the contract type, there is also the risk of a loss 
of passengers without the possibility of being able to adapt the operating schedules with a 
subsequent risk of closing of the relevant railway lines. 
3. 
Operational risks 
Delays and other technical problems could lead to a reduction in the perceived quality of service 
provided by the SNCF Group 
The SNCF Group operates in a technically complex sector. Unforeseen technical problems such as the 
major service interruption that occurred at Montparnasse station in Paris in early 2019, could lead to 
significant service interruptions and an overall decline in punctuality of the SNCF Group’s rail 
transport activities. Such interruptions and decline in punctuality could in turn negatively affect the 
perceived quality of service provided by the SNCF Group, result in a loss of customers, a loss of calls 
for tenders and increase the liability of SNCF Group toward its customers, which can directly have a 
material adverse effect on the SNCF Group’s reputation, business results of operations and market 
shares. 
Production and technology 
Any reduction (actual or perceived) in the quality of passenger transport services has a negative impact 
on customers.  
The availability and the condition of rail infrastructure are significant prerequisites for competitive 
rail transport. Significant construction work on the network affects schedules and the production 
quality delivered to customers, part of which may not be compensated.

--- Page 29 ---
EMEA 142007723 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ensuring sufficient availability of the SNCF Group's rolling stock is particularly critical. Significant 
restrictions on resources jeopardise operating schedules. While the SNCF Group tries to minimise this 
risk by taking preventative action and also by mitigating the consequences of an occurrence, such as 
providing replacement rolling stock or organising substitute transport, there is a risk that the measures 
set out by the SNCF Group in such circumstance will not be sufficient to ensure adequate availability 
and appropriate condition of the rolling stock. 
The technical production resources used in rail transport must comply with applicable standards and 
requirements, which are subject to change. The SNCF Group may receive technical complaints from 
the relevant regulatory authorities concerning its rolling stock, creating the risk that the SNCF Group 
may only be permitted to use individual series or rail car types under certain conditions, such as limited 
speeds, shorter intervals between maintenance or reduced wheel set loads which may have an impact 
on the availability of the rolling stock and on the quality of passenger transport services. 
Reduction in the quality of services and availability and condition of the rail infrastructure and the 
rolling stock which contribute to the quality of service are key for the customers’ satisfaction and any 
deterioration in the quality of service can directly have a material adverse effect on the SNCF Group’s 
market shares, ability to win calls for tenders, business and results of operations as customers who 
have other means of transport available may choose these other means of transport rather than the train 
and local authorities may select other transportation companies to operate railway lines.  
Employment & Personnel Risks 
The relationship that the SNCF Group has with trade unions is important and any failure to maintain 
a harmonious working relationship with the trade unions may jeopardise the ability of the SNCF Group 
to conduct its activities and deliver services of an acceptable standard.  
Strike actions and other labour unrest by employees (whether or not supported by unions) have 
occurred in the past and will occur in the future, in particular in the context of the current relative 
economic instability.  
For example, the discussions and plans to implement the New Railway Pact provoked a strike action 
in April-June 2018 and the discussions and plans to implement the pension reforms in France provoked 
strike actions in December 2019-January 2020, both initiated by certain employees of the Issuer (pre-
transformation). As of 31 December 2019, after 27 days of strike action, the financial repercussions 
within certain SNCF Group activities represented a loss of approximatly €690 million in revenue and 
€614 million in the operating margin, which include the direct costs of the strikes and the cost related 
to measures set out to limit the impact of the strikes on customers. Furthermore, the new pension 
reform passed in France in 2020 is still not fully implemented, together with the complex set of rules 
with respect to labor law to which the SNCF Group is subject, this involves significant incertainties 
regarding the financial situation of the Issuer. The implementation of any future reform proposals or 
plans whether related to the railway industry specifically or of a more general social nature could lead 
to further incidences or uncertainty of social or financial nature or industrial instability. In particular, 
the plans of the French government to implement the new pension reforms in France in 2023 has 
already given rise to a number of general strikes and may provoke further strike action in the coming 
months. Strike actions and other labour unrest, if very significant, will have a material adverse effect 
on the SNCF Group’s costs, financial condition, increase the level of indebtedness and affect the SNCF 
Group’s ability to meet its financial trajectory. 
SNCF may also encounter situations of lack of personel in certain of its operating activities which may 
lead to a reduction in the perceived quality of service provided by the SNCF Group and in turn have 
an impact on its financial situation.

--- Page 30 ---
EMEA 142007723 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Project risks 
The SNCF Group's activities involve not only in part huge capital expenditure volumes, but also a 
large number of highly complex projects. Changes in the legal framework affecting these projects, 
delays in implementation of those changes in the legal framework or necessary adjustments during 
terms (often lasting several years) of the relevant project due to the occurrence of new requirements, 
deviations from ramp-up curve of funds for capital expenditures in connection with the project or 
changes to purchase prices of the suppliers involved in the project or of the necessary commodities, 
unanticipated technical problems, contractual breaches of counterparties may lead to an increase of 
the costs in connection with the project that could not be anticipated at the time of its launch and a 
liquidity risk relating to the financing of the project could occur. The occurrence of such liquidity risk 
relating to a project could have a material impact on the SNCF Group’s financial condition. 
Railway Infrastructure Financing 
The SNCF Group’s infrastructure, installations and material require regular maintenance and constant 
modernisation. Capital expenditures in connection with renewal and performance of the railway 
network amounted to €5.425 billion in 2022. The key factor here is ensuring a sufficient amount of 
funding, as well as the ability to plan the availability of funds for both the existing network and any 
new construction and expansion (requirement plan capital expenditures). One of the primary sources 
of funding available for such expenditures comes from a French State fund dedicated to the railway 
infrastructure manager. Such fund is constituted of revenues of Société nationale SNCF, which are 
not paid as dividend to the French State, of all or part of the proceeds resulting from the tax 
consolidation regime applicable to the SNCF Group and of a part the cash flow of Société nationale 
SNCF. A significant lack of funds for capital expenditures may result in insufficient maintenance and 
modernisation of the existing network and restrictions in the long-term competitiveness of rail as a 
mode of transport which could result in unforeseen technical problems and deterioration in the quality 
of service having a material adverse effect on the SNCF Group’s business by affecting the perceived 
quality of the railway transportation which in turn would have a material adverse effect on its result 
of operations. 
The SNCF Group’s operations are dependent on information technology (“IT”) systems, the failure 
or breach of security of any of which may harm its reputation and adversely affect its financial 
performance 
The SNCF Group relies heavily on its telecommunications network and computer systems for 
coordination of scheduling and other aspects of its railway operations as well as accounting, ticket 
sales for passenger trains, tracking cargo deliveries and numerous other functions. Hardware and 
software used by the SNCF Group may be damaged by human error, natural disaster, power loss and 
other events. The implemented safeguard measures may not be sufficient and/or be able to prevent 
any IT system failures which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the SNCF Group's 
operating performance, business continuity, competiveness, reputation, and results of operations. Any 
such failure may also require the SNCF Group to incure significant costs to address such failure.  
In addition, the SNCF Group is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and 
processing of personal data in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The SNCF Group is exposed to 
the risk that the data could be damaged or lost, or removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for 
purposes other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties (such as third 
parties or the SNCF Group employees). The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, 
employee or third party data, as well as its removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, could have 
a negative impact on the SNCF Group’s reputation and could subject the SNCF Group to liabilities.  
In addition, changes to such regulations could impose more stringent sanctions for violations, could 
have a negative impact on the SNCF Group’s business insofar as they lead the SNCF Group to incur 
additional compliance costs.

--- Page 31 ---
EMEA 142007723 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
There are possible risks with regard to the reliability of the system (disaster recovery), the quality and 
integrity of the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well as physiological 
risks related to the management of software changes (change management), which could have a 
material adverse effect on the reliability of the services provided by the SNCF Group and affect it 
reputation. 
Among the risks the SNCF Group faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to its corporate network, or IT resources, the 
introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the Internet, which 
have increased significantly in terms of volume, sophistication and scale since both the Covid-19 crisis 
and the start of the war in Ukraine. The risk of cyber-attacks has also increased with the acceleration 
of digitalization and the growing deployment of remote working with employees being more exposed 
to and targeted by cyber-attack attempts. Although the Issuer has developed an information system 
security monitoring and a continuity plan to deal with the most critical interruptions, cyber-criminality 
can still threaten the protection of information relating to the SNCF Group and its customers and can 
have negative effects on the integrity and continuity of its IT systems, as well as on the confidence of 
its customers and on the SNCF Group’s reputation, with possible material adverse effect on its 
business and results of operations. 
Energy costs and availability  
The operations of certain direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Issuer, in particular, SNCF Voyageurs, 
Kéolis, Géodis and Fret SNCF consume significant amounts of energy (electricity, coal, petroleum 
coke, natural gas and fuel) the cost of which can fluctuate significantly, largely as a result of market 
conditions and other factors beyond the control of such subsidiaries.  
Energy markets may be regulated in some of the countries in which the subsidiaries of the Issuer 
operates, such as Kéolis and Géodis, and the evolution of prices may have an adverse impact on the 
profitability of the operations of such subsidiaries. In addition, the availability of certain types of 
energy may change within some countries. 
While a number of steps to manage energy costs risk are taken, including the risk of fluctuation of 
petroleum price being hedged directly by the Issuer and the other commodity risks being hedged by 
SNCF Energie, a member of the SNCF Group. Although these measures aim to reduce negative 
effects, they may not be sufficient to protect the relevant Issuer’s subsidiaries from their exposure to 
the volatility of energy prices or availability of energy.  
Currently, the macro-economic conditions are affected by the inflation which results from the 
combined effect of the governmental measures taken during Covid-19 Pandemic and the war in 
Ukraine which created shortage in various areas of the industry, in particular in the energy sector. In 
the Press Release, SNCF Voyageurs announced that it anticipates an increase in its TGV operating 
costs by an average of 13 % for 2023 and an increase of the energy costs relating to TGV operations 
by an average of 180 % between 2022 / 2023. Such increases will also affect Intercités, Eurostar and 
Thalys (see the risk factor “Risk relating to the macro-economic conditions resulting from the Covid-
19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine”). 
Material increases or changes in energy and fuel costs have affected, and may continue to affect, the 
relevant Issuer’s subsidiaries and therefore may have an adverse effect on the SNCF Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial situation.  
Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could adversely affect the SNCF Group’s 
operations and financial performance 
The occurrence of one or more natural disasters or severe weather conditions, whether as a result of 
climate change or otherwise, to which the SNCF Group’s activities are exposed could adversely affect

--- Page 32 ---
EMEA 142007723 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the infrastructure of the railway and the operation of the rail network, and consequently the SNCF 
Group’s operating performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of the 
SNCF Group’s properties, a significant disruption to or the temporary or long-term closure of its 
transportation infrastructure, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, a decrease in revenues and 
increase in costs and the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products and services from 
suppliers. These factors could as a result disrupt and adversely affect the SNCF Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The SNCF Group may suffer losses in the event of an accident or incident involving its trains and 
properties 
The SNCF Group’s infrastructure operation may be adversely affected by many factors, including 
accidents, derailments, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, sabotage or fires. A major 
rail accident, derailment or other incident involving the SNCF Group’s railway operations or 
properties could require repair or replacement of the damaged trains or infrastructure, cause their 
consequential temporary or permanent loss from service and incur significant liability to its 
counterparties, injured customers, families of the deceased and others. Although the SNCF Group 
believes that the SNCF Group currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type 
generally consistent with industry practice, any of such significant events would cause the SNCF 
Group to incur additional expenses (if not covered by relevant insurance) and the SNCF Group may 
not be able to rebuild or repair its infrastructure or restore operations in a timely fashion. Moreover, 
major accidents or incidents involving the trains of other rail transport operators in other countries 
may lead to a cross-border disruption or impact general passenger confidence and cause demand for 
railway travel in general to decrease.  
Transport operating incidents and accidents are likely to significantly prejudice the SNCF Group’s 
image vis-à-vis investors, partners and customers.  
The adverse consequences of such events, and the threat of such events, could include reduced demand 
for train travel, limitations on the availability of insurance coverage and increased costs associated 
with security precautions. As a consequence, any of these events may adversely affects the SNCF 
Group’s market share, business and results of operations. 
Terrorist attacks and similar events  
Terrorist attacks and similar events may target the SNCF Group installations, infrastructure or material 
(railway network, stations and trains) resulting in significant disruption on the network and lack of 
passenger confidence in the security of the network which may impact the SNCF Group’s reputation, 
activities and/or require it to implement additional procedures in its operations increasing significantly 
its costs of operation and its competitiveness. 
The SNCF Group's failure to comply with any applicable environmental, health and safety laws 
and regulations may cause the SNCF Group to incur liability or other damages that it might be 
required to compensate 
The SNCF Group must comply with increasingly numerous and restrictive environmental and public 
health regulations. In particular, the SNCF Group is continuously required to incur expenditures to 
ensure that the infrastructure, installations and material that it operates comply with applicable legal, 
regulatory and administrative requirements particularly emissions regulations (especially diesel 
engines), waste handling and asbestos exposure. Such current and future regulations in the 
environmental and health and safety areas create additional compliance expenditures for the SNCF 
Group and may, therefore, also have a material financial impact on the SNCF Group. 
The facilities that the SNCF Group owns, manages or operates, such as diesel rolling stock and 
warehouses, and construction works may entail risks of damage to the natural environment (air, water,

--- Page 33 ---
EMEA 142007723 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
soil, the habitat and biodiversity), and may pose health and safety risks to consumers, neighbouring 
residents, employees and subcontractors (for example, diseases resulting from fine dust emissions or 
asbestos exposure). These health and safety and environmental risks are governed by strict national 
and international regulations. Although the SNCF Group has put in place various procedures and 
measures to comply with these regulations in order to avoid or limit damage to health and environment 
for industrial sites (such as the setting up of a specific Sustainable Development Department within 
the SNCF Group), non-compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws, regulations, 
standards or a process failure may have a significant negative impact on the SNCF Group’s image, 
result in incurring liability towards third parties which would in turn have a material adverse effect on 
its business and financial condition. 
The SNCF Group does or could do business in numerous countries that may face periods of 
political, economic or social instability or that may increase the risk of prohibited and unethical 
practices 
The SNCF Group is exposed to various legislative, regulatory or political developments producing 
social instability or legal uncertainty which could affect the demands for the SNCF Group's products 
and services and have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the SNCF Group. In particular, certain SNCF Group’s (current or future) investments 
and commitments are exposed to risks and uncertainties associated with doing business in particular 
geographic areas such as Africa and the Middle East that may experience, or have experienced, periods 
of political or economic instability.  
Several countries in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and South America in which the SNCF Group 
operates (or will operate in the future) have regulations that are less advanced and less protective than 
those in force in European countries, have introduced or may introduce controls or restrictions on 
repatriation of profits and capital invested or assets, have levied or may levy specific taxes and fees 
affecting railway businesses and impose or may impose restrictive rules on the business of 
international groups. In these countries, the railway sector is also subject to sometimes rapidly 
changing regulations or regulatory regime which may be influenced by political, social and other 
considerations, which may affect the operations, competitiveness or financial position of the SNCF 
Group subsidiaries, and in turn the SNCF Group, in a way that is contrary to its interests. 
Following the entry into force of the Law no. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 relating to 
transparency, fighting corruption and modernising economic life (relative à la transparence, à la lutte 
contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (also known as the "Sapin II Law"), 
the SNCF Group is continuing its process of implementing its compliance programme in all its entities 
to achieve phased-in compliance with the Sapin II Law. This compliance programme includes (most 
importantly) a code of conduct defining and illustrating the different types of prohibited behaviours 
(notably bribery or influence peddling), a risk mapping designed to identify, analyse and rank the 
SNCF Group's exposure to any risk related to bribery, the training for managers and employees 
exposed to the risks of bribery and influence peddling and internal control procedures to assess the 
efficiency of the compliance programme. However, the expansion of the SNCF Group’s activities and 
the strengthening of regulatory frameworks designed to repress unethical practices in the conduct of 
business (such as international sanctions, anti-bribery or anti-money laundering regulations) could also 
expose the SNCF Group, its directors, employees, or third parties acting on the SNCF Group’s behalf 
to administrative, criminal and/or civil sanctions under these various frameworks that may adversely 
affect the SNCF Group’s reputation and as a result, business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The UK’s departure from the EU could adversely affect the SNCF Group  
On 27 March 2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and notified the European Union 
of its decision to withdraw from the EU (“Brexit”). As of 31 January 2020, the UK ceased to be a 
member state of the EU and no longer participates in the political and institutions and governance

--- Page 34 ---
EMEA 142007723 
34 
 
 
 
 
 
 
structures of the EU. On 31 December 2020 the transitional period between the UK and the EU ended 
and the EU and the UK reached the Trade and Cooperation Agreement dated 24 December 2020.  
Brexit may yet have a negative impact on the SNCF Group. In particular, given the current uncertain 
macroeconomic situation, it could adversely affect European or worldwide economic market 
conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, 
including volatility in the value of the pound sterling or the euro.  
The most unfavourable scenario resulting from Brexit for Eurostar could cause a material impact on 
the value of certain assets, competitiveness, ability to meet its debt ratios and even on its ability to 
continue operations with continuity of service. These factors in their turn may have a material adverse 
effect on the SNCF Group financial condition and results of operations. 
4. 
Financial risks 
In the course of its activities, the SNCF Group is potentially exposed to financial risks: 
 
interest rate risk: some of the indebtedness of SNCF Group bears interest at variable rates, 
generally linked to market benchmarks such as EURIBOR. The issuer has set a target structure 
for debt based on gross long-term debt less CDP receivables. This target structure is based on an 
optimized breakdown between fixed and variable rate borrowings, to optimize the cost of long-
term net indebtedness and to achieve the best expected return/risk ratio. Compliance with this 
allocation is checked daily and the target may be updated if the interest rate environment changes 
significantly. As of 31 December 2022, fixed rate borrowings account for 88.18% against 11.82% 
for variable rate. To achieve the target breakdown, the Issuer may use derivatives or interest rate 
swaps for hedging purposes. Significant fluctuations of interest rate the Group cannot successfully 
minimize could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition;   
 
risk of currency volatility: the SNCF Group operates internationally, with about one third of its 
total revenues generated outside the Eurozone, and for this reason is exposed to foreign exchange 
risk arising from transactions in foreign currency, primarily with respect to USD and GBP, which 
may impact currency translation adjustments, balance sheet items and the SNCF Group’s 
financial expenses, equity and financial position. Foreign exchange risk mainly arises from sales 
in USD and GBP and foreign investments. As the SNCF Group is also involved in long-term 
contracts, an unfavourable currency fluctuation could have consequences on profitability. If the 
euro appreciates (or depreciates) against another currency, the euro value of the assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses initially recognised in that other currency will decline (or increase). 
Moreover, insofar as the SNCF Group is likely to incur expenses in a currency other than that in 
which the corresponding sales are made, fluctuations in exchange rates could result in an increase 
in expenses, expressed as a percentage of turnover, which could affect the SNCF Group’s 
profitability and income; 
 
risk relating to securities: the SNCF Group invests some of its assets in securities issued by 
various types of companies, debt securities of governments and money market funds. As of 31 
December 2022, such monetary mutual funds equivalent to cash and negotiable debt securities 
maturing in less than three months amounted to €6.7 billion (see Note 6.3.2.5 to the 2022 
Consolidated Annual Financial Statements). A failure by any such entities to make timely 
payments under the terms of these securities, or a significant decrease in their market value and/or 
volatility in stock markets could have a material adverse effect on the SNCF Group's financial 
condition; 
 
risk to liquidity: the SNCF Group must at all times have sufficient financial resources to finance 
its day-to-day business activities, the investments necessary for the expansion of its activities as 
well as dealing with any exceptional events that may arise. The SNCF Group’s ability to raise 
new debt, refinance its existing indebtedness or, more generally, raise funds in financial markets

--- Page 35 ---
EMEA 142007723 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and the conditions that can be negotiated to this effect, depend on numerous factors including its 
corporate statutes and the involvement of the French State within its governance which both have 
already been subject to several law reforms in the past and which could change in the future and 
its subsequent rating by rating agencies. Any downgrading of SNCF Group’s debt rating could 
increase the cost of refinancing its existing bonds and have a negative impact on the SNCF 
Group’s ability to obtain financing. If the SNCF Group is unable to access the capital markets or 
other sources of finance at competitive rates for a prolonged period, its cost of financing may 
increase and its strategy may need to be reassessed. Any of these events could have a material 
adverse effect on the SNCF Group's financial condition. In order to manage its liquidity risk as 
from 1 January 2020, the Issuer entered into a revolving credit facility before year end 2019 
bearing drawing capability of €3.5 billion, which has not been used in 2022; 
 
counterparty risk: The SNCF Group is exposed to possible default by certain counterparties 
(credit institutions, customers, partners, subcontractors, service providers or suppliers). Given the 
necessity to cover its interest rate risk and currency risk, the counterparty risk arises in particular 
with credit institutions from the deposits or derivative financial instruments that are maintained 
with these entities. Any default by these counterparties may impact the SNCF Group financially 
(loss of receivables, additional costs, in particular if SNCF Group is required to find satisfactory 
alternatives or take over the relevant activities or pay contractual penalties). The counterparty risk 
is mitigated through (i) cash collateralization mechanism (mainly on a weekly basis), and (ii) 
counterparty credit rating monitoring and threshold of remediation processes. As of 31 December 
2022, the overall collateral posted to financial markets counterparties stands below €1.5 billion. 
Risk relating to the assumptions used to measure the net value of the assets of SNCF Réseau 
The statutory auditors report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022 and the statutory auditors report on the individual financial statements of 
the Issuer contain qualifications, identifying risks and uncertainties resulting from the assumptions 
used by SNCF Réseau to measure the net value of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and 
deferred tax assets, which is set out below (reference to the “company” in such quotation shall be 
deemed to be a reference to Société nationale SNCF and reference to the “Group” shall be deemed to 
be a reference to SNCF Group). 
As a result of the New Railway Pact, the property of the railway network was transferred to the French 
State. Nonetheless, the railway network has been attributed to SNCF Réseau and forms part of its 
assets. Therefore, SNCF Group and SNCF Réseau will have to continue to conduct impairment tests 
relating to the value of the railway network which value may continue to vary in the future. As of 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022, impairment tests were conducted which did not lead to a 
variation of the net value of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of SNCF Réseau. 
 
 
Qualification of the auditors on the 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements: 
“As stated in Notes 4.4.1 and 4.4.3.3 to the consolidated financial statements concerning impairment 
testing of the assets of the Infrastructure cash-generating unit (the “Infrastructure CGU”), the sharp 
rise in inflation significantly impacted operating expenses and the Infrastructure CGU’s investment 
spending with regard to the financial trajectory defined in the 2021-2030 performance agreement 
signed between the Infrastructure CGU and the French State in April 2022.  
This context constituted an indication of impairment and led SNCF Réseau to carry out another 
impairment test at 31 December 2022 based on a similar methodology to that used during the previous 
test carried out at 31 December 2021.  
This new test did not result in the recognition of any additional impairment against the Infrastructure 
CGU’s assets. The balance in the negotiations between the French State and SNCF Réseau underlying 
the financial trajectory used in the test remains based on the assumption that (i) SNCF Réseau will

--- Page 36 ---
EMEA 142007723 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
achieve its productivity goals and (ii) the French State will effectively implement all means and make 
all commitments necessary to support the recoverable amounts of the Infrastructure CGU’s assets. 
This is illustrated, in particular, by the recapitalising of Société Nationale SNCF at the end of 2020 
and the subsequent dividend distribution made to the support fund (fonds de concours) and intended 
to contribute to the financing of infrastructure investments.  
The cash flow forecasts used for the impairment test were based on the financial trajectory set out in 
the 2021-2030 performance agreement adjusted in light of the 2023 budget approved by SNCF 
Réseau's Board of Directors on 14 December 2022 and the estimated impact of inflation to date for 
2024 and thereafter. These cash flow forecasts comprised (i) cash inflows (infrastructure fees, 
investment subsidies) mainly arising from commitments received from the French State, (ii) operating 
expenses (particularly installation work and maintenance), net of productivity gains, and (iii) capital 
investment, particularly in network renovations.  
The assumptions underlying these projections remain subject to major risks and uncertainties 
accentuated by the current evolving and uncertain economic context, particularly due to difficulties in 
forecasting the level of inflation in the medium and long term: 
• 
The forecasts used in the impairment test carried out on the Infrastructure CGU at 31 
December 2022 are based on the 2021-2030 performance agreement signed with the French 
State in April 2022 and adjusted in light of the 2023 budget and the estimated impact of 
inflation to date for 2024 and thereafter. Certain assumptions, in particular those based on a 
decision by or agreement with the French State or those linked to the economic environment, 
are likely to change over time and in the context of the revision of the strategic plan which 
should take place in the coming months. 
• 
The toll fee projections are based in particular on: 
○ 
Traffic trajectories and competition assumptions that are still uncertain, particularly 
in view of changes in travellers’ behaviour and the economic environment. 
○ 
Certain pricing assumptions are submitted to the French transport authority (ART) 
for an opinion. Toll rate indexing remains aligned with the ART's opinion dated 9 
February 2021 for 2023 and SNCF Réseau’s 2024-2026 draft Registration Document 
subject to the ART's opinion and then maintained at 3.6% thereafter.  
• 
The investment subsidies allocated to renovation work and financed through the support fund 
are based on the payment by the French State to SNCF Réseau of: 
○ 
€4.05 billion paid in December 2020 to the support fund by Société Nationale SNCF 
subsequent to its recapitalisation by the French State, of which €3.4 billion was paid 
to SNCF Réseau at the end of 2022.  
○ 
Dividends to be received from Société Nationale SNCF, the estimation of which is 
based on Société Nationale SNCF's capacity to make distributions in the 
abovementioned context. 
 
• 
2030 was maintained by SNCF Réseau as the standard final year for the railway network 
currently in service, considering that 2030 will correspond to the year in which the network 
will be stabilised at expected performance levels. This unprecedented target performance 
level in 2030 is based on the regeneration investment trajectory set out in the performance 
agreement and adjusted for inflation. Terminal value therefore represents the essential factor 
in measuring the recoverable amount.

--- Page 37 ---
EMEA 142007723 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
The measures concerning the future pension scheme and, more broadly, the new social 
framework resulting from the rail industry agreements were still under negotiation at the 
reporting date and may consequently affect the projected future performance. 
These major risks and uncertainties, the impact of which should be assessed in conjunction with the 
discount rate used, weigh on the discounted future cash flow forecasts used to measure the 
Infrastructure CGU’s property, plant and equipment, and intangible and right-of-use assets as 
presented in the Company’s statement of financial position at 31 December 2022. Consequently, the 
amount of the related impairment loss could be underestimated. These projections are also used to 
assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets and therefore to determine their amount in the 
statement of financial position. The amount of deferred tax assets in the statement of financial position 
may be overestimated. 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the projections used and are therefore unable to 
express an opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned which, at 31 December 2022, 
amounted to €34.1 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment, and 
intangible and right-of-use assets, and €4.4 billion for deferred tax assets. 
In our report dated 25 February 2022 on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021, we also expressed a qualified opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned, 
which amounted to €33.2 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets, and €4.6 billion for deferred tax assets.” 
Qualification of the auditors on the 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements: 
“As stated in Notes 4.4.1 and 4.4.3.3 to the consolidated financial statements concerning impairment 
testing of the assets of the Infrastructure cash-generating unit (the “Infrastructure CGU”), the health 
crisis that began in 2020 and is still ongoing today continued to impact the Infrastructure CGU’s 
revenue and business outlook. It is in this context that SNCF Réseau drew up its new strategic plan 
and finalised the draft 2021-2030 performance contract with the French State.  
This context constituted an indication of impairment and led SNCF Réseau to carry out another 
impairment test at 31 December 2021 based on a similar methodology to that used during the previous 
test carried out at 31 December 2020.  
This new test did not result in the recognition of any additional impairment against the Infrastructure 
CGU’s assets. The balance in the negotiations between the French State and SNCF Réseau underlying 
the financial trajectory used in the test remains based on the assumption that (i) SNCF Réseau will 
achieve its productivity goals and (ii) the French State will effectively implement all means and make 
all commitments necessary to support the recoverable amounts of the Infrastructure CGU’s assets in 
the context of the ongoing health crisis and the gradual business recovery. This is reflected, in 
particular, in the recapitalising of Société Nationale SNCF at the end of 2020 and the subsequent 
dividend distribution made to the support fund (fonds de concours) and intended to contribute to the 
financing of infrastructure investments.  
The cash flow forecasts used for the impairment test were based on the financial trajectory set out in 
the 2021-2030 performance contract. It is based on SNCF Réseau's 2021-2030 strategic plan prepared 
as part of the SNCF Group's strategic plan adopted by the SNCF Board of Directors on 29 July 2021, 
and revised at the French State's request as reflected in the new 2021-2030 performance contract. 
These cash flow forecasts comprised (i) cash inflows (infrastructure fees, investment subsidies) mainly 
arising from commitments received from the French State, (ii) operating expenses (particularly 
installation work and maintenance), net of productivity gains, and (iii) capital investment, particularly 
in network renovations.

--- Page 38 ---
EMEA 142007723 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The assumptions underlying these projections remain subject to major risks and uncertainties 
accentuated by the current health crisis: 
• 
The forecasts used in the impairment test carried out on the Infrastructure CGU at 31 
December 2021 are based on the 2021-2030 performance contract approved by SNCF 
Réseau's Board of Directors on 4 November 2021 and currently pending signature by the 
French State. Certain assumptions, particularly those which rely on a decision by the French 
State or are linked to the health situation, may change over time. 
• 
The infrastructure fee projections are based in particular on: 
○ 
Traffic trajectories revised by Group SNCF carriers and competition assumptions 
updated by SNCF Réseau. These forecasts remain subject to uncertainties, 
particularly given the potentially lasting impacts of the health crisis on the economy 
and travellers’ behaviour. 
○ 
Certain pricing assumptions are submitted to the French transport authority (ART) 
for an opinion. Toll rate indexing was aligned with the ART's opinion dated 9 
February 2021 for the years 2022 and 2023 and then maintained at 3.6% thereafter. 
The increase in the pricing indexation rates for the contractual activities used in the 
test for the years following 2023, which should be subject to the ART's opinion, cannot 
be confirmed at present. 
• 
The investment subsidies allocated to renovation work and financed through the support fund 
are based on the payment by the French State to SNCF Réseau of: 
○ 
€4.05 billion paid in December 2020 to the support fund by Société Nationale SNCF 
subsequent to its recapitalisation by the French State, of which €1.6 billion was paid 
to SNCF Réseau in 2021.  
○ 
Dividends to be received from Société Nationale SNCF, the estimation of which is 
based on (i) the disposal of assets for €390 million and on (ii) Société Nationale 
SNCF’s capacity to make distributions, as updated based on the SNCF Group’s new 
strategic plan, for the rest. 
• 
2030 was maintained by SNCF Réseau as the standard final year for the railway network 
currently in service, considering that 2030 will correspond to the year in which the network 
will be stabilised at expected performance levels, although these levels have never previously 
been attained. Terminal value therefore represents the essential factor in measuring the 
recoverable amount. 
• 
The measures concerning the future pension scheme and, more broadly, the new social 
framework resulting from the rail industry agreements were still under negotiation at the 
reporting date and may consequently affect the projected future performance. 
These major risks and uncertainties, the impact of which should be assessed in conjunction with the 
discount rate used, weigh on the discounted future cash flow forecasts used to measure the 
Infrastructure CGU’s property, plant and equipment and intangible assets as presented in the 
Company’s statement of financial position at 31 December 2021. Consequently, the amount of the 
related impairment loss could be underestimated. These projections are also used to assess the 
recoverability of deferred tax assets and therefore to determine their amount in the statement of 
financial position. The amount of deferred tax assets in the statement of financial position may be 
overestimated. 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the projections used and are therefore unable to 
express an opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned which, at 31 December 2021,

--- Page 39 ---
EMEA 142007723 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
amounted to €33.2 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets, and €4.6 billion for deferred tax assets. 
In our report dated 26 February 2021 on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020, we also expressed a qualified opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned, 
which amounted to €32.9 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets, and €4.6 billion for deferred tax assets.” 
 Qualification of the auditors on the 2022 Individual Annual Financial Statements: 
“As stated in Notes 6.4 and 28 to the financial statements, the financial assets presented in the 
Company’s balance sheet include the securities of SNCF Réseau. The carrying amount of the securities 
was €8.2 billion at 31 December 2022. 
The consolidated financial statements of the SNCF Réseau at 31 December 2022, with equity at €18.8 
billion, include property, plant and equipment, and intangible and right-of-use assets relating to the 
Infrastructure CGU and deferred tax assets for carrying amounts of €34.1 billion and €2.8 billion, 
respectively. Major risks and uncertainties weigh on the earnings forecasts and future cash flow 
projections used to measure the property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of the 
Infrastructure CGU as well as deferred tax assets as presented in the consolidated balance sheet of 
SNCF Réseau at 31 December 2022. Consequently, the amount of the related impairment loss could 
be underestimated, which would reduce the consolidated net assets of SNCF Réseau at 31 December 
2022 (on the basis of which the securities are measured) by the same amount.  
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the inputs used by the Company to assess the fair 
value of SNCF Réseau securities at 31 December 2022. 
In our report of 25 February 2022 on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
we also expressed a qualified opinion on the measurement of SNCF Réseau shares, which amounted 
to €8.2 billion net.”  
Qualification of the auditors on the 2021 Individual Annual Financial Statements: 
 
“As stated in Notes 6.4 and 28 to the financial statements, the financial assets presented in the 
Company’s balance sheet include the securities of SNCF Réseau. The carrying amount of the securities 
was €8.2 billion at 31 December 2021. 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the SNCF Réseau sub-group at 31 December 2021, with 
equity at €7.8 billion, include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets relating to the 
Infrastructure CGU and deferred tax assets for carrying amounts of €33.2 billion and €2.8 billion, 
respectively. Major risks and uncertainties, exacerbated by the current health situation, weigh on the 
earnings forecasts and future cash flow projections used to measure the property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets of the Infrastructure CGU as well as deferred tax assets as presented in the 
balance sheet of the SNCF Réseau sub-group at 31 December 2021. Consequently, the amount of the 
related impairment loss could be underestimated, which would reduce the net assets of the SNCF 
Réseau sub-group at 31 December 2021 (on the basis of which the securities are measured) by the 
same amount.  
 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the inputs used by the Company to assess the fair 
value of the SNCF Réseau securities. 
 
In our report of 26 February 2021 on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
we also expressed a qualified opinion on the measurement of SNCF Réseau shares, which amounted 
to €7.1 billion.”

--- Page 40 ---
EMEA 142007723 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
 
1. Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Certain assets of the Issuer cannot be the subject of any attachment or other enforcement proceedings in 
France 
Notwithstanding the transformation of the legal form of the Issuer into a société anonyme whose share capital 
is held in the public domain which makes it subject as from 1 January 2020 to private-law enforcement 
procedures (voies d'exécution de droit privé), the Order (as defined in the section “Description of the Issuer”) 
provides that all real estate properties and assets which are necessary for national rail transport belonging to 
the Issuer (or any of its subsidiaries, provided that such real estate property has been transferred to such 
subsidiary as of 1 January 2020) cannot be the subject of any attachment (saisie) or enforcement measures 
(voies d'exécution de droit privé) in France. The Order also gives the French State a right to contest (droit 
d'opposition) any security interests being granted and/or disposals of such properties or assets.  
The national railway network and the real estate assets and properties (biens immobiliers) attributed to SNCF 
Réseau by the French State or acquired by SNCF Réseau on behalf of the French State cannot be subject to 
any attachment (saisie) or enforcement measures (voies d'exécution de droit privé) in France. 
This will have a material adverse impact on any potential recourse of the Noteholders against the Issuer and 
its assets in the event of any default by the Issuer under the Notes.  
 
The ability of the Issuer to make payment under the Notes depends to a large extent on the ability of its 
subsidiaries to generate returns  
The Issuer is the new holding company for the newly reorganised SNCF Group fulfilling the public service 
missions in the field of rail transport and mobility. Consequently, the Issuer depends, to a large extent, upon 
distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its liabilities, including payments under the Notes. Therefore, failure 
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to generate sufficient returns may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to repay 
principal and/or pay interest or other amounts due to the holders of Notes.  
Investors will not have any direct claims on the cash flows or the assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries and such 
subsidiaries, none of which are the guarantors in relation to the Notes, have no obligation, contingent or 
otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or to make funds available to the Issuer for such payments. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from incurring further indebtedness, which may rank senior to, or pari passu with, 
the Notes and there are only limited restrictions related to the granting of security over its assets 
There are no restrictions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes on the amount of indebtedness that the 
Issuer may incur or guarantee that ranks senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The incurrence or 
guaranteeing of any such indebtedness will, in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar 
proceeding, increase the amount of claims ranking senior to, or rateably, with the claims of the Noteholders 
and may therefore reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge that prohibits the Issuer in certain 
circumstances from creating security over assets but only to the extent that such security is used to secure other 
bonds or similar listed or quoted debt instruments (see Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)). Payments under the 
Notes will effectively be subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the collateral for such 
indebtedness. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any covenants restricting the operations 
of any Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer.  
If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the relevant Noteholders could suffer direct and 
materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest and reduction of interest and principal up to 
the loss of their entire investment. 
French Insolvency Law

--- Page 41 ---
EMEA 142007723 
41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the 
Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French 
law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st 
October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) 
shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with 
rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. 
Holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a 
separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, 
as any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will be grouped into one or several 
classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down.  
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties 
could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not 
be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular Series of Notes, including interest rate and early 
redemption 
Change in market value of Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to 
Noteholders (see Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to 
the risk that changes in interest rates in the capital markets may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Generally, prices of fixed interest rate bonds tend to fall when market interest rates rise and accordingly are 
subject to volatility. Therefore, the price of the Notes at any particular time may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder 
may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation 
Linked Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate of interest or 
the Inflation Linked Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and Condition 
4.3 (Inflation Linked Notes)). A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes and 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes cannot be 
anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating 
Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot 
be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market 
value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes (and vice versa). 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) usually a margin 
to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not

--- Page 42 ---
EMEA 142007723 
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference 
rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. 
Any future market volatility in interest rates is difficult to anticipate and may have a significant adverse effect 
on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a rate that converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate (see Condition 4.5 (Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes)). The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing; Therefore, the change of interest basis 
may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. Investors should also note the risks set out in this section in relation to Fixed 
Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium (such as Zero Coupon Notes) may experience 
price volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes issued under 
Condition 4.4 (Zero Coupon Notes)) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due 
to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price 
risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher 
losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the market value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the Euro interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), and such Interest rates which may be applicable to Floating Rate Notes issued under Condition 
4.2(c) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has been in force since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation 
applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a 
“benchmark” within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non EU 
based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of

--- Page 43 ---
EMEA 142007723 
43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021, which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation 
or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or CMS rates, which may be referred as Reference 
Rates according to the Terms and Conditions) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for said benchmarks to the Commission or the relevant national authority in certain circumstances, such 
replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes) which contain no 
fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-
representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the 
statutory replacement where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument 
have agreed to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the 
implementing act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity 
of, and return on, certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations and the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 (and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
This may cause these benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in 
part) upon, a benchmark. 
Risks related to fallbacks to a successor rate or an alternative rate  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a benchmark 
event occurs, including a reference rate or an inflation index becoming unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes 
by reference to such a reference rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise (see, in particular, 
Condition 4.7 (Benchmark Discontinuation)).  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate, with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
alternative rate or index. An adjustment spread, if applied, could be positive or negative and would be applied 
with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an original reference 
rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is 
applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors.

--- Page 44 ---
EMEA 142007723 
44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If no adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to 
determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a successor rate or alternative rate or index (including with the 
application of an adjustment spread) would still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an original 
reference rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would 
if the original reference rate were to continue to apply in its current form. This could in turn impact the rate of 
interest on, and market value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into 
hedging instruments based on the reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur 
costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor rate or alternative rate.  
The successor rates or alternative rates or indices may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly 
their general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to 
determine or measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the 
historical and expected performance of the relevant benchmark or index. 
If, following the occurrence of a benchmark event, no successor rate or alternative rate or index is determined, 
the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Accrual 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period being used or, if none is 
available, the last reference rate observed on the relevant screen page being applied. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of successor rates and alternative rates, the involvement of an independent adviser and the potential for further 
regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), the Tokyo 
Overnight Average (“TONA”) and the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”), as reference rates in the 
capital markets for euro, sterling, U.S. dollar bonds, Japanese Yen or Swiss Franc, as applicable, and their 
adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not only to the substance of the 
calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of notes 
referencing such rates, but also widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk 
free rate issued under this Base Prospectus (see Condition 4.2(c) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes)). 
The Issuer may in the future also issue notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON in a way 
that differs materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the 
Issuer referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON as interest reference rates 
for bond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR-, TONA- or SARON-based 
rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates 
to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Risks applicable to Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes are debt securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the 
performance of an inflation index, which will be either (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for

--- Page 45 ---
EMEA 142007723 
45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
all households in metropolitan France (the “CPI”) as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National 
de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco), or the relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation 
Index” and together, the “Inflation Indices”) (see Condition 4.3 (Inflation Linked Notes)). If the value of the 
relevant index calculated at any time prior to the maturity date is lower than the value of the relevant index at 
the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest 
payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no 
interest. However, if the nominal amount to be repaid at maturity is below par, the Inflation Linked Notes will 
be redeemed at par. 
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the Inflation Indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, 
as the case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation Indices and/or the figure at which 
such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are determined, composed and calculated by 
the INSEE and Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. Neither the INSEE or 
Eurostat, as the case may be, is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices 
of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in determination or calculation of the interest 
payable under such Notes. Neither the INSEE nor Eurostat has any obligation or liability in connection with 
the administration, marketing or trading of the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, has no 
responsibility for any calculation agency adjustment made for the indices. 
Holders of Inflation Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices 
may adversely affect the value of such Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
Dual Currency Notes and Reverse Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal and/or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be 
different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated (see Condition 4.6 (Dual Currency 
Notes/Reverse Dual Currency Notes)). Noteholders may be exposed to currency risk, for example, if exchange 
rates of the relevant currencies move sufficiently in an unanticipated direction. The market price of such Notes 
may be very volatile. The amount of interest and/or principal payable may vary significantly according to the 
evolution of the rate of exchange of the currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if the applicable 
Final Terms provide that the Dual Currency Notes redemption provisions or the Reverse Dual Currency Notes 
redemption provisions are applicable in respect of any Note, investors may lose a partial or total amount of 
their capital invested. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (as described in Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)), the Issuer may (and, in certain circumstances, shall be required to) redeem all outstanding Notes at 
their nominal amount together with any accrued interest in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.  
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
including a Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer, an Issuer Call, a Clean-up Call Option or a Residual 
Maturity Call Option (as described in Conditions 5.4 (Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 5.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options), 5.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or 5.8 
(Residual Maturity Call Option), respectively). Such right of redemption is often provided for securities in 
periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will

--- Page 46 ---
EMEA 142007723 
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
exercise its right of redemption increases. The redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes shall be (i) 
the nominal amount together with accrued interest in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Clean-Up Call 
Option and Residual Maturity Call Option, (ii) the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with accrued interest in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Issuer Call and (iii) the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount in the case of a redemption pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption as 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.4 (Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer) (which 
shall not be lower than their nominal amount) together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.  
In addition, if (i) both the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Residual Maturity Call Option (as 
described in Condition 5.8 (Residual Maturity Call Option)) are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, and (ii) the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption 
before the Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 5.8 (Residual Maturity Call Option), the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be calculated taking into account such Call Option Date and not the Maturity Date. 
As a result, the Noteholders would receive a lower redemption amount than they would otherwise normally 
receive.  
As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and 
the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. Part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest moneys 
they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the 
redeemed Notes. 
Notes may be denominated in Renminbi which is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on 
the remittance of Chinese Yuan RMB (“RMB”) into and out of the PRC; there is only limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC; each of these events may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes and the 
Issuer's ability to source Renminbi out of the RPC to service RMB Notes  
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies.  
Although the People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”), has implemented policies improving accessibility to 
Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in the past, it is still possible that the PRC Government will 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-
border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. 
Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC Government may still impose 
interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB 
Notes may be adversely affected.  
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be promulgated 
or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited 
clearing of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have 
the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC may affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi 
outside the PRC to service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. Should the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as U.S. dollar, to respect its payment 
obligations under the RMB Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting 
such currency back into Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.

--- Page 47 ---
EMEA 142007723 
47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No Obligation to notify Clean-up Call Option Trigger 
With respect to Condition 5.7 (Clean-up Call Option), there is no obligation on the Issuer to inform 
Noteholders if and when such aggregate nominal amount of the Notes has been, or is about to be, redeemed 
which will result in the Clean-up Percentage (or more) of the Notes being redeemed, thereby entitling the 
Issuer to exercise its Clean-up Call Option. In this case the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option the 
Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss for the Noteholders. 
Partial redemption at the option of the Issuer  
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at 
the option of the Issuer is made pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption or the Issuer Call, any trading market 
in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid. This, in turn, 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.  
Exercise of put option in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such 
put option is not exercised 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption of Notes held by any 
Noteholder at its option (Condition 5.9 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' 
Options)). Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which the put option provided in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such put 
option is not exercised may become illiquid. This, in turn, may have a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes. 
3. Risks related to the legal form of the Notes and other legal issues 
Meetings of Noteholders, modifications and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches comprised in a Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of the common interests in a masse (see Condition 12 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications)).  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally to be adopted either through general meetings (“General Meetings”) or by consent 
following written resolutions (“Written Resolutions”) although the respective interests of Noteholders may 
not necessarily be aligned in respect of any resolution(s) proposed at any General Meeting or in respect of any 
Written Resolutions. The provisions for meetings permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, and where 
applicable any related Receiptholders and Couponholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or Noteholders 
who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Resolution. Receiptholders and Couponholders, where 
applicable, as well as Noteholders, will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
as the case may be. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair 
or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by French law in force as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus (see Condition 14.1 (Governing law)). Any possible judicial decision or change in French law or 
the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of this Base Prospectus could be 
unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in law turns out to be 
unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a negative impact on the market value of the 
Notes. 
4. Risks related to the trading markets of the Notes 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop

--- Page 48 ---
EMEA 142007723 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris 
and/or on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on an other Regulated Market. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and 
liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected. The Issuer may issue further notes, as described in Condition 
11 (Further Issues and Consolidations). Such transactions may favourably or adversely affect the price 
development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including the value of any inflation linked index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of such 
index, or market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. If the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer deteriorates or for whatever reason the financial condition of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be 
able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and the value of the Notes may decrease 
and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, and factors affecting capital markets in general and the stock exchanges on 
which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
purchaser.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency or, in the case of Dual 
Currency or Reverse Dual Currency Notes, certain other specified currencies. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
6. Risk in respect of Green Bonds  
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Green Bonds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of 
a Noteholder 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes (“Green Bonds”) to Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” below and further described in the SNCF Green Bond Framework 
(as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green Bond Framework”) available on the Issuer’s 
website 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Publications_Groupe/2021_Green_Bond_Framework_SNCF_VF.
pdf?_ga=2.140072371.1057539931.1613997604-1012768428.1574349545.

--- Page 49 ---
EMEA 142007723 
49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a "green" project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European 
Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide 
classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for 
determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. However, 
the Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation specified above remain subject to further 
developments with regard to other specific economic activities.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in “Use of Proceeds”, the Eligible Green Projects might not be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible Green Projects. Also, the Eligible Green Projects 
might not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
Besides, in the event any Green Bonds are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green" segment of a stock exchange or securities market, such listing or admission may not be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of such Green Bonds.  
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect 
on the value and marketability of the Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for Noteholders with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 50 ---
EMEA 142007723 
50 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy or omission relating to the information included or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and 
make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 51 ---
EMEA 142007723 
51 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer and the 
SNCF Group has been derived from the financial statements listed under (a) and (b) in the “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”.  
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(“IFRS”) or generally accepted accounting principles in France (“French GAAP”). 
As a result of the New Railway Pact, the legal form of the Issuer (formerly SNCF Mobilités) was transformed 
from an établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial (an “EPIC”) to a société anonyme (a limited 
liability company) whose share capital is held in the public domain as from 1 January 2020. As at that date, 
the Issuer also became the holding company of the SNCF Group.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the SNCF Group consists of the Issuer (the holding company of the SNCF 
Group) which has several direct or indirect wholly-owned principal subsidiaries responsible for main lines of 
business of the SNCF Group. The share capital of the Issuer is comprised as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
of 10,000,000 shares wholly-owned directly by the French State. 
For a full description of the transformations resulting from the New Railway Pact, please refer to the section 
entitled “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus, in particular the paragraphs entitled “History and 
Development”, “The New Railway Pact” and “Business Overview”.

--- Page 52 ---
EMEA 142007723 
52 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents (please see hyperlinks in blue) which have previously been published and have been 
filed with the AMF shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (see also the section 
“Presentation of financial and other information” of this Base Prospectus):  
 
(a) 
the French version of the annual audited consolidated financial statements as at, and for the year ended, 
31 December 2022 together with the notes thereto (the “2022 Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements”) and audit report thereon of the Issuer and the French version of the annual audited 
individual financial statements as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022 together with the notes 
thereto (the “2022 Individual Annual Financial Statements”) and audit report thereon of the Issuer, 
together with the Issuer’s 2022 French financial report (the “2022 Issuer French Financial Report”); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/rapport-financier/reports/rapport-financier-2022.html   
(b) 
the French version of the annual audited consolidated financial statements as at, and for the year ended, 
31 December 2021 together with the notes thereto (the “2021 Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements”) and audit report thereon of the Issuer and the French version of the annual audited 
individual financial statements as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2021 together with the notes 
thereto (the “2021 Individual Annual Financial Statements”) and audit report thereon of the Issuer, 
together with the Issuer’s 2021 French financial report (the “2021 Issuer French Financial Report”); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/rapport-financier/reports/sncf-2021-12-31.html  
(c) 
French version of the press release of the Issuer dated 23 February 2023 (the “Press Release”); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Publications_Groupe/cp-groupe-SNCF-resultats-2022.pdf   
(d) 
for the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with Notes, 
as the case may be, already issued under the Programme, the section “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” set out on pages 54 to 127 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 March 2022 (the “2022 
Base Prospectus”) (which received approval no.22-058 from the AMF on 9 March 2022); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Prospectus/SNCF_EMTN_Update_2022_Base_Prospectu
s.pdf 
(e) 
for the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with Notes, 
as the case may be, already issued under the Programme, the section “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” set out on pages 54 to 127 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 March 2021 (the “2021 
Base Prospectus”) (which received approval no. 21-062 from the AMF on 9 March 2021); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Prospectus/SNCF_EMTN_Update_2021_Base_Prospectu
s.pdf  
(f) 
for the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with Notes, 
as the case may be, already issued under the Programme, the section “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” set out on pages 51 to 112 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 March 2020 (the “2020 
Base Prospectus”) (which received approval no. 20-077 from the AMF on 5 March 2020); 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Prospectus/SNCF_EMTN_Establishment_2020_Base_Pro
spectus.pdf?_ga=2.39922081.2029175475.1614186114-239579838.1614097124  
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, including their English transation 
(which English translations are not incorporated by reference herein), can be obtained from the registered

--- Page 53 ---
EMEA 142007723 
53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the French Paying Agent. They will also be published on 
the Issuer's website at https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf and on the 
Direction de l'information légale et administrative's website at (www.info-financiere.fr) for financial 
information only. This Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in France) will be published on the AMF's website at 
www.amf-france.org. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any information not listed in the cross-reference list below but included in the 
documents incorporated by reference is not relevant to investors and shall be considered as additional 
information, not required by the schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Commission Delegated Regulation"). Furthermore, any information in 
the website of the SNCF Group (https://www.sncf.com) or SNCF Réseau (https://www.sncf-reseau.com/fr) 
does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus. The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant 
for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
EMEA 142007723 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE 
LIST 
IN 
RESPECT 
OF 
INFORMATION 
INCORPORATED 
BY 
REFERENCE.  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
Reference 
 
2021 Issuer French 
Financial Report  
2022 Issuer French 
Financial Report 
Press Release 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Pages 3 to 33, 135 to 154 
Pages 3 to 33, 169 to 195 
Pages 1 to 9 
11. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S CONSOLIDATED ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position 
Page 172 
Page 215 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 170 
Page 213 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 175 to 176 
Pages 217 to 218 
 
Consolidated Statement of other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 171 
Page 214 
 
Consolidated Statement of changes in 
equity 
Pages 174 
Page 216 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
Pages 177 to 258 
Pages 219 to 296 
 
Statutory Auditors’ Report on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 260 to 269 
Pages 298 to 307 
 
Qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter included in the 
Statutory Auditors’ Report on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the 
reasons given. 
Pages 180, 199, 200, 201 
202 to 204, 223 to 232 
and 260 to 269 
Pages 220 to 223, 240 to 
246, 251 to 261, 263 to 
271 and 298 to 307 
 
11.3. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION 
PROCEEDINGS 
Pages 209, 289, 308 
Pages 15, 223, 249 to 
250, 346 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
Reference 
 
2021 Issuer French Financial Report 
2022 Issuer French Financial Report 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S NON 
CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
Page 284 
Page 322

--- Page 55 ---
EMEA 142007723 
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation – 
Annex 7 
Reference 
 
2021 Issuer French Financial Report 
2022 Issuer French Financial Report 
Income Statement 
Page 285 
Page 323 
Notes to the annual individual Financial 
Statements 
Page 286 to 310 
Pages 324 to 349 
Statutory Auditors’ Report 
Pages 312 to 318 
Pages 351 to 357 
Qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter included in the 
Statutory Auditors’ Report on the annual 
individual Financial Statements and the 
reasons given. 
Pages 288, 296, 312 to 318 
Pages 324 to 326, 333 to 334, 343, 347, 
351 to 357 
For the purposes only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated and form a single Series with Notes already 
issued under the Programme: 
 
2020 Base Prospectus 
Pages 51 to 112 
2021 Base Prospectus 
pages  54 to 127 
2022 Base Prospectus 
pages 54 to 130

--- Page 56 ---
EMEA 142007723 
56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical 
documents of title, but will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of inapplicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Notes. References in these terms and 
conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one “Series” only, and not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme.  
The Notes are issued by Société nationale SNCF (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an agency agreement dated 9 
March 2023 (as amended and/or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the 
“Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent and principal paying 
agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), initial calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”), redenomination Agent (the 
“Redenomination Agent”), registration agent (the “Registration Agent”), consolidation agent (the 
“Consolidation Agent”) and paying agent mentioned therein (together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed and, where the context 
so admits, the “Paying Agents”). If a Calculation Agent is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of any Notes and the terms and conditions require that a Calculation Agent be appointed, then the 
Fiscal Agent shall act as Calculation Agent. The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the 
holders of the interest and coupons relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes (the “Coupons”) and, where 
applicable, in the case of such Materialised Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) and, where 
applicable, the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (“Receipts”) relating to 
Materialised Notes, are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to 
them. 
For the purpose of these terms and conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
member state of the European Economic Area (each a "Member State") as defined in the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU and as listed on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (https://registers.esma.europa.eu/publication/searchRegister?core=esma_registers_upreg). 
As used herein, “Conditions” means, unless the context require otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below, 
“Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes issued pursuant 
to Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidations) which are (a) expressed to be consolidated (assimilables) 
and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except 
for their respective Issue Dates and Interest Commencement Dates. 
The holders of the Notes and, if applicable, the Receipts and Coupons are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
In the Conditions, “euro” or “Euro” means” the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 57 ---
EMEA 142007723 
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND REDENOMINATION 
1.1 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
(a) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. 
and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions 
en compte-titres). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant 
to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in either (i) bearer form (au 
porteur), in which case they will be inscribed as of the Issue Date of each “Tranche” of 
Dematerialised Notes in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”), acting as 
central depositary, which shall credit the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders 
(as defined below), or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders, or (y) fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear 
France maintained by the Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
(b) 
Materialised Notes are issued in materialised bearer form (“Materialised Notes”) and will 
only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without coupons 
attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive 
Materialised Notes in materialised bearer form on or after a date expected to be on or about 
the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as further 
described in the Temporary Global Certificate) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership as more fully described in the Temporary Global Certificate. Materialised Notes 
are serially numbered, and if applicable, are issued with Receipts and Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Materialised Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due in the event of 
payment default whether before or after the Maturity Date), Coupons, Receipts and Talons in 
these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire 
et financier, securities in materialised form, such as the Materialised Notes, constituting 
obligations under French law and governed by French law must be issued outside France.  
1.2 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”). Dematerialised Notes may be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only. In the case of any Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of such 
Notes).

--- Page 58 ---
EMEA 142007723 
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1.3 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title 
to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(b) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
Receipts and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Materialised Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for 
all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder of a Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” or “holder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account 
Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Materialised Note in 
definitive form and the Coupons (“Couponholder”), Receipts (“Receiptholder”) or Talon 
relating to it (if any). 
1.4 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(c) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of the Noteholder. 
1.5 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
1.6 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note or, where applicable, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
by giving at least 30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and on or after 
the date on which the Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated 
has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the 
“EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, 
of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the 
Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms accordingly, as described

--- Page 59 ---
EMEA 142007723 
59 
 
 
 
 
 
 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1.6(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting 
from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro 
on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the applicable Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 11.2, without the consent of the holders of any Note or, where 
applicable, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or 
Condition 11.2 (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day 
definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the specified 
currency indicated in the Final Terms (the “Specified Currency”), interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes 
or, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to such holders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or, where 
applicable, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and, subject 
to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law, equally with all its other 
obligations which are unsecured and unsubordinated from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes or, where applicable, Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined 
in Condition 12(a)(C)) the Issuer will not secure or allow to be secured any Relevant Debt (as defined 
below) or any guarantee of the Relevant Debt (without, however, thereby affecting its right to dispose 
of any of its assets), by any mortgage, lien (other than liens arising by operation of law), pledge or 
other charge upon any of the present or future revenues or assets of the Issuer without at the same time 
or prior thereto according to the Notes the same or equivalent security.

--- Page 60 ---
EMEA 142007723 
60 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), “Relevant Debt” means any present or future 
indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities which are 
for the time being, or are to be, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any 
stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
4. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Dual Currency Notes or 
Reverse Dual Currency Notes. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, (unless interest is otherwise determined) the 
Fixed Coupon Amount and any applicable Broken Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable 
Determination Date. In the case of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes, the amount 
of interest shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.6. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date up to, and including, the Maturity Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 4.10. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contain 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 4.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, 
the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party which will 
calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin (if any), any 
maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination 
or FBF Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will 
also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date or, as 
the case may be, the Floating Rate and Floating Rate Determination Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also 
specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen 
Page. In the case of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes, the amount of 
interest shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.6. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, “Interest

--- Page 61 ---
EMEA 142007723 
61 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is (A) the Floating Rate Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
such subsequent date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to be zero. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions 
the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the 
selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when 
calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the 
Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by an Independent 
Adviser. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
 1 - 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
EMEA 142007723 
62 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(D) 
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions. 
(E) 
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Interest Commencement Date;  
(F) 
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(G) 
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the ISDA Definitions for which 
purpose references to “Effective Date”, “Period End Date” and “Termination 
Date” (in the ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the 
Issue Date, any Settlement Date and the last Settlement Date (as defined in 
these Conditions); 
(H) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
I. 
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
II. 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the Final Terms; 
III. 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the Final Terms; 
IV. 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is either (1) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (2) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, five (5); 
V. 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
VI. 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the “Lookback” is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such 
in the Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no 
such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five 
(5); 
VII. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day” is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5); and

--- Page 63 ---
EMEA 142007723 
63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIII. 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout Period Business Day” is as 
specified in the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as specified 
in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), except as otherwise defined in such sub 
paragraph, “Calculation Agent”, “Calculation Period”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift”, “Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, “Delayed Payment”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Fixing Day”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Floating Rate”, “Lockout Period Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, 
“Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in Advance”, “Swap 
Transaction” and “Termination Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions, but with references, where applicable, to “the Confirmation” 
being read as “the Final Terms”. 
2 - 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
3 - Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the Fiscal 
Agent/Calculation Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including 
in determining the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions requires the 
Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent to exercise any such discretion, an Independent 
Adviser, shall exercise such discretions, and the Fiscal Agent/Calculation Agent will 
be entitled to conclusively rely on the instruction provided by such Independent 
Adviser and will be fully protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
4 - The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the ISDA Definitions 
shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
“Relevant Rate” under the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the 
ISDA Rate. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms (if any) 
the Margin (in any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “FBF Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be

--- Page 64 ---
EMEA 142007723 
64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Transaction” have the meanings given 
to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
if the Rate of Interest is to be determined following a Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the Final Terms, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be: 
I. 
the Reference Rate (where such Reference Rate on such Relevant 
Screen Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by 
one entity); or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates of the persons whose 
Reference Rates appear on that Relevant Screen Page, in each case 
appearing on such Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(B) 
if the Rate of Interest is to be determined by reference to a rate provided by 
the Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (A)I above applies and no Reference 
Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (A)II above applies and fewer than 
two Reference Rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates that each of 
the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if sub-paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent informs the 
Issuer that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Reference Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the an Independent 
Adviser to be appointed by the Issuer in this respect determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by such Independent Adviser in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the

--- Page 65 ---
EMEA 142007723 
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euro-zone as selected by such Independent Adviser, (the “Principal 
Financial Centre”) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified 
Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Independent Adviser determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business 
in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest shall be applied on the basis of the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period).  
Notwithstanding the paragraph (y) above, if on or prior to the Interest 
Determination Date a Benchmark Event has occurred, Condition 4.7 below 
shall apply. 
(D) 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, 
as specified in the Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be 
SONIA Lookback Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA Shift 
Compound (non Index Determination), or SONIA Compound (Index 
Determination) as follow: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below be SONIA-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(z) 
If SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below be SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(D): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the

--- Page 66 ---
EMEA 142007723 
66 
 
 
 
 
 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall not be 
less than 5 business days; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD”, means in respect of any London Banking Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect 
of the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible

--- Page 67 ---
EMEA 142007723 
67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall not be less 
than 5 business days; and  
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day;

--- Page 68 ---
EMEA 142007723 
68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i”. 
“SONIA-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a compounded average 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Compounded Sterling daily overnight reference) 
which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling a number of 
London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall not be less 
than 5 business days;  
“SONIA Compounded Indexx” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date); 
“SONIA Compounded Indexy” means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling a number of London Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate 
for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the

--- Page 69 ---
EMEA 142007723 
69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” in relation to any London Banking 
Day shall be the SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors on or about 9:00 
a.m. (London Time), and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors. In the event that the 
SONIA Compounded Index value originally published by the 
administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any 
London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected 
value is published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date 
of publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that 
was originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded 
Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant 
Screen Page on any Sonia Compounded Index determination date, 
the “SONIA-COMPOUND” shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term 
“Observation Shift Days” shall mean the number of London Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a relevant London Banking Day, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines that the SONIA 
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five London Banking Days on which a SONIA has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate (the “SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or, if 
more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England 
publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any 
rate that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so

--- Page 70 ---
EMEA 142007723 
70 
 
 
 
 
 
 
long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
(E) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, 
as specified in the Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be 
either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback 
Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR Index Average, as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during 
the period, plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in

--- Page 71 ---
EMEA 142007723 
71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date shall be used for the days in the period from, and including, the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject 
as 
provided 
below, 
be 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject 
as 
provided 
below 
be 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); 
(xx) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate if Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus 
(as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(E): 
If on or prior to the relevant Reference Time a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonable practicable, to 
determine the Benchmark Replacement that will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Independent Adviser will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Independent Adviser pursuant to this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(E), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole 
discretion of the Independent Adviser; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(E), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by

--- Page 72 ---
EMEA 142007723 
72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Independent Adviser no SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be adopted 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date.  
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, 
and including, the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR 
Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date specified in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest 
Reset Date in the period from, and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off

--- Page 73 ---
EMEA 142007723 
73 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of 
an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with respect to the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and 
including, the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period which shall not be less than 5 business 
days; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as

--- Page 74 ---
EMEA 142007723 
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Observation Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, 
but excluding, the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift 
Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
which shall not be less than 5 business days; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 75 ---
EMEA 142007723 
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
where: 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (a “SOFR Index Determination Date”). 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
SOFR IndexStart to, but excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published on 
any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred, the “USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE” shall 
be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an 
Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with “USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift Days” shall mean 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days. If a SOFR 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition of 
“SOFR” below shall apply. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published by the New York 
Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor 
administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s Website (or such 
successor administrator’s) on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in 
paragraph (i) above, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) 
Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental

--- Page 76 ---
EMEA 142007723 
76 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been 
selected by the Independent Adviser as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“SOFR Index” means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website (or such successor administrator’s). 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
presented in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined 
by the Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Independent Adviser giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to 
any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Independent Adviser decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of

--- Page 77 ---
EMEA 142007723 
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Independent 
Adviser determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark 
Transition Event”, the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 78 ---
EMEA 142007723 
78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative, that its methodology has 
materially changed or that the Benchmark has been or will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New 
York Federal Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the New York Federal Reserve or the website of any 
successor administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) 
if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
(F) 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the €STR rate of interest determination, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “€STR Rate of Interest 
Determination”) in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be 
either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound, as follow:

--- Page 79 ---
EMEA 142007723 
79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accural Period will, 
subject as provided below, be €STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
Where: 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of TARGET 2 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET 2 Business Day falling “p” TARGET 2 Business Days 
prior to the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, to, and including, the last TARGET 2 
Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET 2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 2 Business 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
EMEA 142007723 
80 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET 2 Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period which shall not be less than 5 Business Days. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ €STRi×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
Where 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“do” for any Observation Period, is the number of TARGET 2 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period, the €STR for that TARGET 2 
Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET 2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period to, and including, the last TARGET 2 Business 
Day in such Observation Period; 
“ni” for any TARGET 2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET 2 Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 2 Business 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date that is a number of 
TARGET 2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but 
excluding, the date that is a number of TARGET 2 Business Days 
equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accural Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET 2 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall 
not be less than 5 Business Days. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has 
occurred, the €STR for such TARGET 2 Business Day shall be the rate equal

--- Page 81 ---
EMEA 142007723 
81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 2 Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET 
2 Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET 2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET 2 Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET 2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest 
published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB 
Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET 2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published €STR (though substituting, in 
each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of

--- Page 82 ---
EMEA 142007723 
82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(F): 
 “ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;

--- Page 83 ---
EMEA 142007723 
83 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit 
facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem 
(comprising the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the 
first TARGET 2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurred; or 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET 2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 
a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as 
provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET 2 
Business Day immediately following such TARGET 2 Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 84 ---
EMEA 142007723 
84 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR 
Spread; 
 “Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(G) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the TONA rate of interest 
determination, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “TONA Rate 
of Interest Determination”) in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
could be either TONA Lookback Compound or TONA Shift Compound, as 
follow: 
(x) 
if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-LOOKBACK-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accural Period will, 
subject as provided below, be TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
Where: 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(G): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 85 ---
EMEA 142007723 
85 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“ni” means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Tokyo Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
which shall not be less than 5 Business Days; 
“TONAi-pTBD”, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo 
Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
“TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the daily rates of the day-to-day 
interbank JPY market in Tokyo as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ TONAi×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“do” is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period to, and including, the last Tokyo Banking Day in such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“ni” means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date that is a number of 
Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding, the 
date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 86 ---
EMEA 142007723 
86 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms which shall not be less 
than 5 Business Days; 
“TONAi” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo 
Banking Day “i”. 
Where: 
“Tokyo Banking Day” or “TBD” means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA”, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Tokyo Overnight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking 
Day as published by the Bank of Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following 
such Tokyo Banking Day. 
If, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) determines that the TONA is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first 
preceding Tokyo Banking Day on which the TONA rate was published by 
the Bank of Japan or by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to TONA, Condition 4.7 below shall apply. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the 
final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such

--- Page 87 ---
EMEA 142007723 
87 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including 
any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other 
party. 
(H) 
When SARON is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return 
of a daily compounded interest investment (with the daily overnight interest 
rate of the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest), plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(H): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the 
last Zurich Banking Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 88 ---
EMEA 142007723 
88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, 
the close of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor 
thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 
p.m. (Zurich time); 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON 
Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate 
equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day: 
a. if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking 
Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b. if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate 
within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the policy rate 
of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any; 
c. if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate and 
no SNB Policy Rate, the SARON shall be the alternative rate 
of interest that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
SARON, being such industry-accepted successor rate or, if 
no such rate exists, it shall select such rate that it has 
determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight

--- Page 89 ---
EMEA 142007723 
89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Any substitution of the SARON pursuant to limb a., b. or c. specified above 
(the “SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes. 
If the Issuer is notified by the Calculation Agent, or any another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, that there is no SARON Replacement Rate for any 
Zurich Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be determined (the 
“Affected Zurich Banking Day”), then the Issuer will appoint an agent (the 
“Replacement Rate Determination Agent”) on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day in respect of which a SARON Index Cessation Event and 
related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred and for which 
there is no SARON Replacement Rate. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to use 
an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for 
all subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation 
Period”) and all Observation Periods thereafter. 
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be: 
I. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: (A) the 
method for determining the SARON Replacement Rate (including 
any alternative method for determining the SARON Replacement 
Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement Rate and (B) any 
adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the SARON 
Replacement Rate comparable to the then-current SARON consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for the SARON Replacement Rate; 
II. 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich 
Banking Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all 
Observation Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms 
and Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the SARON 
Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I 
above; 
III. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the Notes from 
time to time; 
IV. 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
4.2(c)(iii)(H) including any SARON Replacement Conforming 
Changes or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the 
relevant Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error 
and will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 90 ---
EMEA 142007723 
90 
 
 
 
 
 
 
V. 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition 
and any other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(H) 
shall prevail with respect to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest 
is calculated in accordance with this Condition 4.2(c)(iii)(H); 
VI. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may determine that it is 
appropriate for a SARON Replacement Rate to replace the then-
current SARON and apply any SARON Replacement Conforming 
Changes in respect of any subsequent SARON Index Cessation 
Event; and 
VII. 
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are announced 
prior to the relevant SARON Index Cessation Effective Date then the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the relevant changes which will be made to the 
Notes, provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the 
Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor 
administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON 
Administrator;  
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
a. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight, 
b. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b), (x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of:

--- Page 91 ---
EMEA 142007723 
91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(ii) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as 
the date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no 
longer be representative; and 
(iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof has occurred on or 
prior to either or both dates specified in sub-paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) of this sub-paragraph (b), the date as of which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; and 
c. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date 
as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used. 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
a. (a)a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or; 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as 
of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives. 
 “SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be 
positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such a 
spread, 
a. that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied 
to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of 
fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; or 
b. if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a 
spread, formula or methodology as described in clause a. above, to 
be applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
SARON with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for

--- Page 92 ---
EMEA 142007723 
92 
 
 
 
 
 
 
purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON 
as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate 
of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the 
National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded 
in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the “SARON Recommending Body”); 
“SARON Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
SARON Replacement Rate, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of determining 
rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, 
amendments to any other Condition and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such SARON Replacement Rate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the SARON Replacement Rate 
exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably 
necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor 
thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the 
spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking 
into account the historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON 
Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of 
Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(I) 
When EUR CMS is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS relating

--- Page 93 ---
EMEA 142007723 
93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
to the relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR 
(annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters 
Screen page “ISDAFIX 2” under the heading “EURIBOR Basis”, as at 11.00 
a.m. Frankfurt time, in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-
11:00 on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Condition 4.2, in the event that 
the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks for EUR 
CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market 
annual swap rate commencing two TARGET2 Business Days following the 
relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer published or if fewer than 
three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be the last Reference Rate available 
on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if on or prior to the Interest 
Determination Date a Benchmark Event has occurred, Condition 4.7 below 
shall apply. 
(J) 
When TEC 10 is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the TEC 10, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-
TEC10-CNO2 calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 
page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 
1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 
0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury 
Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, “OAT”) corresponding to the linear 
interpolation between the yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the 
“Reference OATs”) whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to the 
notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT’s duration being of less than 10 
years and the other Reference OAT’s duration being greater than 10 years. If, 
on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters 
Screen CNOTEC10 page, EUR-TEC10-CNO shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two 
reference OAT, which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire for the calculation of EUR-TEC10-CNO, quoted by five 
                                                     
2 All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 94 ---
EMEA 142007723 
94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10.00 a.m. Paris time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. 
The Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to 
provide a quotation of its price. 
EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the 
highest and lowest such quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
that would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for 
the determination of EUR-TEC10-CNO. 
4.3 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, 
this Condition 4.3(a) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below 
only when this Condition 4.3(a) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.3(a), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio 
between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 4.9, the IIR will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first calendar day of any 
given month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and 
(B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than the first calendar day) in any given month 
(M), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to 
the third month preceding such month (M – 3) and the second month preceding such month 
(M – 2) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
 
With: 
“NDM”: number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
)
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
  
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
(
 
ND
1
-
D
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
3
M
2
M
M
3
M







--- Page 95 ---
EMEA 142007723 
95 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“D”: actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-2”: price index of month M – 2; 
“CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-3”: price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 4.9, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
Française du Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg TRESOR <GO> 
pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In case of doubt in the interpretation of the methods 
used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by reference to 
the procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du 
Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index (excluding 
tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(ii) 
The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by 
the French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – 
www.cnofrance.org) in its December 2010 Paper entitled “Inflation Indexed Notes” 
(Obligations et autres instruments de taux d'intérêt en euro, Normes et usages des 
marchés de capitaux – Chapitre II: Les obligations indexées sur l'inflation). In the 
event of any conflict between the calculation method provided below and the 
calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the applicable Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio. 
(iii) 
(A) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner but 
no Benchmark Event has occured, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index 
(the “Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has 
already been published, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under the heading 
“indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI Monthly Reference 
Index is released, it would automatically apply from the calendar day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM=

--- Page 96 ---
EMEA 142007723 
96 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the 
purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
 
(b) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the applicable Final Terms, this 
Condition 4.3(b) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings set out below only 
when this Condition 4.3(b) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP 
Linked Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest 
Determination Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.3(b), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the 
ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) 
applicable upon any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may 
be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Base Reference). Notwithstanding Condition 4.9, the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first calendar 
day of any given month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month 
preceding such month, and (B) in relation to a calendar day (D) (other than the first 
calendar day) in any given month (M), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month preceding such month (M 
- 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
13
-
M
1
-
M
1
-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
12
1

basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
 
Key 
Key
D
 
Date
Basis
 
Previous
D
 
Date
Basis
 
New
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
CPI



--- Page 97 ---
EMEA 142007723 
97 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With: 
“NDM”: number of calendar days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment 
of principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D”: actual calendar day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-2”: price index of month M – 2; 
“HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3”: price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 4.9, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the 
Agence Française du Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. 
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer 
prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union (excluding tobacco) as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may 
be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(ii) 
The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be equal to the rate per annum specified 
in the applicable Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined 
above). 
(iii) 
(A) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner but 
no Benchmark Event has occured, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference 
Index (the “Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been 
published by Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply 
from the calendar day following its release to all calculations taking 
place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a 
substitute index shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently 
published figure adjusted as set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
)
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
  
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
(
 
ND
1
-
D
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
3
M
2
M
M
3
M






13
-
M
1
-
M
1
-
M
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
12
1


--- Page 98 ---
EMEA 142007723 
98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for 
the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP 
Monthly Reference Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis 
will be chained on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following year. Such chaining 
will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that: 
 
4.4 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for 
any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 5.2). 
4.5 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect on one or more 
occasions to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or 
from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate at the date(s) set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. The provisions of Condition 4.1 shall apply during each period for which the Notes bear 
interest at a fixed rate and the provisions of Condition 4.2 shall apply for each period during which 
the Notes bear interest at a floating rate. 
4.6 
Dual Currency Notes/Reverse Dual Currency Notes: 
(a) 
Dual Currency Notes 
Where Dual Currency Notes Provisions is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Amount is to be determined, the Calculation Agent will, as soon 
as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined in relation to each Interest Accrual Period, calculate 
the interest amount payable for such Interest Accrual Period in respect of each Note to which 
Dual Currency Note Provisions are applicable (the “Dual Currency Notes”) by applying the 
Rate of Interest (as determined in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final 
Terms) to the outstanding nominal amount of such Note, multiplying such product by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, applying the Rate of Exchange and rounding the resulting 
amount in the Equivalent Currency in accordance with applicable market convention.  
(b) 
Reverse Dual Currency Notes 
Where Reverse Dual Currency Notes Provisions is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Amount is to be determined, the Calculation Agent will, as 
soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest in respect of Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes is to be determined in relation to each Interest Accrual Period, calculate 
basis
 
previous
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
basis
 
new
 
on the
 
calculated
December 
 
 to
pertaining
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
 
Key 
Key
D
 
Date
Basis
 
Previous
D
 
Date
Basis
 
New
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP
Index
 
Reference
Monthly 
 
HICP



--- Page 99 ---
EMEA 142007723 
99 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the interest amount payable for such Interest Accrual Period in respect of each Note to which 
Reverse Dual Currency Note Provisions are applicable (the “Reverse Dual Currency Notes”) 
by applying the Rate of Interest (as determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Accrual Period to the Equivalent Calculation 
Amount (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), multiplying such product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction, applying the Rate of Exchange and rounding the resulting amount in the 
Specified Currency in accordance with applicable market convention.  
(c) 
For the purposes this Condition 4.6: 
“Business Day” means for the purposes of this Condition a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
relevant currencies in the Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Equivalent Currency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“FX Determination Date” means in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the date falling 
such number (if any) of Business Days specified in the Final Terms prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date; 
“FX Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, Reuters and Bloomberg), as may be specified as the FX 
Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Rate of Exchange; 
“FX Relevant Time” means for the purposes of this Condition, with respect to any Rate of 
Exchange Determination Date, the local time in such city(ies) specified in the applicable 
relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
“Rate of Exchange” means: 
(i) in respect of Dual Currency Notes, the rate of exchange for the Specified 
Currency/Equivalent Currency or in respect of Reverse Dual Currency Notes, the rate of 
exchange for the Equivalent Currency/Specified Currency, in each case as specified in the 
applicable relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) in respect of Dual Currency Notes, the bid spot exchange rate for the Specified 
Currency/Equivalent Currency or in respect of Reverse Dual Currency Notes, bid spot 
exchange rate for the Equivalent Currency/Specified Currency, in each case which appears on 
the FX Relevant Screen Page at or around the FX Relevant Time on the FX Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If, for any reason, the Rate of Exchange is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request 
the office located in the Relevant Financial Centre of five Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation for the Rate of Exchange at the Relevant Time 
on the FX Determination Date in question. The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the Rate of Exchange which shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If for any reason, fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Rate of Exchange will be determined by the

--- Page 100 ---
EMEA 142007723 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and 
reasonable manner. 
4.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined or where the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes, if (i) a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, other than SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
and SARON at any time or (ii) the fallback provisions provided in sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (G), (I) 
and (J) of Condition 4.2(c)(iii) fail to provide a means of determining the Original Reference Rate, 
when the terms and conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over any other fallback provisions set out in theses 
Conditions, it being specified that this Condition 4.7 shall not apply when SONIA, SOFR, €STR, or 
SARON is the applicable Reference Rate. 
This Conditions 4.7 shall also applies where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined upon the occurance of a 
benchmark event (or, if different, whatever terminology is employed in the ISDA Definitions to denote 
such concept) affecting the applicable ISDA Rate, instead of the fallback provisions provided in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.7(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4.7(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.7(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.7 shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Early Redemption 
Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, any Receiptholders or Couponholders for any determination made by it in 
connection with any determination made pursuant to this Condition 4.7. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.7(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof), Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, for all relevant future payments of interest or redemption on the Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 4.7); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.7(c)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof), Early Redemption Amount or 
Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, for all relevant future payments of

--- Page 101 ---
EMEA 142007723 
101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest or redemption on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
4.7). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof), of the Early Redemption Amount or of the Final Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.7 and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) that 
amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then subject that notice thereof to be given by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 4.7(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or, 
where applicable, Receiptholders or Couponholders, the terms and conditions of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder and, where applicable, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
In connection with this Condition 4.7(d), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, (being the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 4.7. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and the Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 102 ---
EMEA 142007723 
102 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser with a view that the Independent 
Adviser determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate or if the 
Independent Adviser fails to determine such rate in accordance with Condition 4.7(b) prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Reference Rate applicable for the purpose 
of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
equal to the Reference Rate determined in relation to the Notes on the immediately preceding 
Interest Determination Date.  
If there is no such immediately preceeding Interest Determination Date, the applicable 
Reference Rate shall be the last available Original Reference Rate.  
In the case Inflation Linked Notes with an inflation linked redemption, if (i) the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser with a view that the Independent Adviser 
determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate or if the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine such rate in accordance with Condition 4.7(b) prior to the relevant 
early redemption date or final redemption date for the purpose of determining the Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Date, then the inflation index applicable shall be 
equal the last relevant index value published on the relevant screen page.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 4.7 mutatis mutandis, on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 4.7. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If (i) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, other than 
a successor to the SONIA, the SOFR, the €STR or the SARON, at any time or (ii) the fallback 
provisions provided for in sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (G), (I) and (J) of Condition 4.2(c)(iii) fail 
to provide a means of determining the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and ensure that the provisions 
of this Condition 4.7 shall apply as if the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate were the Original 
Reference Rate. 
4.8 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (after as 
well as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 (Interest 
and other Calculations), to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)). 
4.9 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
Rate Multipliers and Rounding: 
(a) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (i) generally, 
or (ii) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (i), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (ii), calculated in accordance with Condition 4.2 above by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or 
multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph.

--- Page 103 ---
EMEA 142007723 
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(c) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(ii) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up), 
(iii) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency and (iv) the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be zero. 
4.10 
Calculations: 
Subject in respect of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes to the provisions in respect 
of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or 
a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
4.11 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on such date as the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Make-whole Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any (where applicable) the, or other, Calculation 
Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than (a) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (b) in 
all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4.2(b), the Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to 
be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation

--- Page 104 ---
EMEA 142007723 
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent(s), the Make-whole Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, as the case may be, shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
4.12 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders or, where applicable, Couponholders or Receiptholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) above does not 
apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 4.7 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes; 
“Benchmark” means EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS, TEC 10, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), for the purposes of calculating the Reference Rate in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published permanently or indefinitely; 
(b) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, the 
central bank for the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Original

--- Page 105 ---
EMEA 142007723 
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences that would not allow its further use in respect 
of the Notes; 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has 
materially changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or, where applicable, 
Couponholder or Receiptholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
(h) 
a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; 
provided that, (i) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) to (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date 
of the cessation of publication of the Reference Rate, (ii) in the case of sub-paragraphs (e), (g) and (h), 
the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and 
not the date of the relevant public statement and (iii) in the case of (f), the Benchmark Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred at the latest on the date falling six month following such public statement. 
In respect of TONA, references to the supervisor of the administrator or to the administrator shall be 
deemed to be to the Bank of Japan, in respect of CPI, references to the supervisor of the administrator 
or to the administrator shall be deemed to be to the INSEE and in respect of HICP, references to the 
supervisor of the administrator or to the administrator shall be deemed to be to Eurostat. 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than Euro and Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(b) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating (a “TARGET2 
Business Day”);  
(c) 
in case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant 
Business Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(d) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more additional Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the additional Business Centres;

--- Page 106 ---
EMEA 142007723 
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended or superseded, from time 
to time; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from, and including, the first day of such period to, but excluding, the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA) ” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such 
period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period); 
(d) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed) ” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(e) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 107 ---
EMEA 142007723 
107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1”is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
If “30E/360 (ISDA) ” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 









360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2

















360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2









--- Page 108 ---
EMEA 142007723 
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from, and 
including, the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means each period from, and including, a 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the next Determination Date 
(including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union and by the Treaty of Amsterdam; 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (formerly 2007 Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under theses Conditions; 
“Inflation Linked Note” means any Note, interest on which is to be calculated by reference to either 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in metropolitan France (the “CPI”),

--- Page 109 ---
EMEA 142007723 
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des Etudes 
Economiques (“INSEE”) or the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the 
relevant successor index, measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union (excluding 
tobacco) as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”) (each an “Inflation Index” 
and together, the “Inflation Indices”); 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Period Date and each successive 
period beginning on, and including, an Interest Period Date and ending on, but excluding, the next 
succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable in respect of any Notes and, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes (where so provided in the applicable Final Terms) means the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period or 
the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, (a) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or Renminbi or (b) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor 
Euro or Renminbi or (c) the day falling two TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on, and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if the “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if the Reference Rate is SOFR), the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided in each case that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor 
definitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as supplemented from 
time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time, all as determined as of the date 
of the relevant determination under Condition 4.2; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the Reference Rate, Benchmark, CPI or HICP or other screen rate 
(as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof), the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount on 
the Notes; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that 
is either specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereof;

--- Page 110 ---
EMEA 142007723 
110 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
“Reference Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for 
a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre 
as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial 
centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR 
shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the 
person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
and for this purpose “local time” means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant 
Financial Centre, Central European Time; 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time; 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi; 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual 
Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4.2(b);  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If following a Benchmark Event, two or

--- Page 111 ---
EMEA 142007723 
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer ; and 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Real-Time Gross-Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
4.13 
Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent, Quotation Agent and Reference Banks: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall (i) either at all times or (ii) at such times as shall be required 
for the purposes of any Notes be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) 
with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents, Make-whole 
Calculation Agents or Quotation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) 
is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another 
Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation 
Agent or Quotation Agent, as the case may be, shall be construed as each Calculation Agent, Make-
whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent, as the case may be, performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent, Make-whole Calculation Agent or 
Quotation Agent, as the case may be, fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Make-whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount or obtain any quotation, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other 
office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent, Make-
whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
4.14 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation 
by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying 
Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Specified

--- Page 112 ---
EMEA 142007723 
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 
(Event of Default), the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication 
of the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by 365, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
5. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
5.1 
Redemption by Instalments, Final Redemption and Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount 
is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on presentation of the related 
Receipt, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating 
to such Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case 
of a Note falling within sub-paragraph (a) above, its final Instalment Amount, or in the case 
of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 5.10. 
(c) 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition 5.1(c) the ratio determined on the fifth Business 
Day before the Maturity Date between either (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as 
the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index, on the 
Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
5.2 
Early Redemption: 
(a) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.3 or upon it becoming due and

--- Page 113 ---
EMEA 142007723 
113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which 
the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. 
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
shall continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4.8. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that this Condition 5.2(b) shall apply in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Notes 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Early Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
“IIR” being for the purposes of this Condition the ratio determined on the fifth 
Business Day before the date set for redemption between either (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index on the date set for redemption and the Base 
Reference specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
(ii) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not this Condition 5.2(b) applies) fall to be 
redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay the Early 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued (if any) to the date set for 
redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the period from, and including, the immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the basis of the provisions 
of Condition 4.3 above except that, for such purposes the relevant Interest

--- Page 114 ---
EMEA 142007723 
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to the relevant Early 
Redemption Date. 
(c) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(a) and (b) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.3, Condition 5.7 or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.3 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(a) 
If by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws and regulations of France or any 
political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or any change in 
the official application or interpretation thereof, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the 
Issuer would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
7 (Taxation), the Issuer may (having given not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5.2 above) together with interest 
accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption all (but not some only) of the Notes on any 
Interest Payment Date, or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, at their 
Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be 
the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(b) 
If, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes or, where applicable, 
Receipts or Coupons the Issuer would be prevented by French law from making payment to 
the Noteholders or, where applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders of the full 
amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to 
the Fiscal Agent and shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date of such 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or, where applicable, 
Receipts or Coupons provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Notes or, where applicable, Receipts or Coupons and (ii) 14 
days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified on this Note, at 
any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
payable in respect of the Notes or, where applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is 
passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
5.4 
Make-whole Redemption at the option of the Issuer  
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons) as provided in Condition 5.3 or as otherwise 
provided by Conditions 5.5, 5.7 and 5.8, such option being referred to as a “Make-whole Redemption”. 
The applicable Final Terms will contain provisions applicable to any Make-whole Redemption and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full information on any Make-whole 
Redemption. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Reference Bond, Reference 
Dealers, Make-whole Calculation Agent (in each case unless the Make-whole Redemption Amount is

--- Page 115 ---
EMEA 142007723 
115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a fixed amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms), and any minimum or maximum amount of 
Notes which can be redeemed. 
If a Make-whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
(other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (i) above, notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent, the Quotation 
Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a 
“Make-whole Redemption Date”)) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes then outstanding 
at any time prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount. On or not 
later than the Business Day immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and such other parties as may be 
specified in the Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of which 
any such notice referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) above is given shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 5.4. 
“Benchmark Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers on the 
Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the  applicable Final Terms. If the Reference Bond is no 
longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer 
and the Make-whole Calculation Agent and published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). The 
Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.11) prior to the Make-
whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
(a) the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes and (y) the sum of the 
present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any interest accruing on such Notes from, 
and including, the Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest 
Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but 
excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted from the Maturity Date to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal 
to the Make-whole Redemption Rate or (b) the amount expressed as a fixed amount or a 
percentage equal to or greater than the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately 
preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 116 ---
EMEA 142007723 
116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer decides 
to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer before the Call Option 
Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) pursuant to Condition 5.8 (Residual Maturity Call 
Option), the Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer 
will be calculated taking into account the Call Option Date pursuant to Condition 5.8 (Residual 
Maturity Call Option) and not to the Maturity Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution or other specialised entity appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
“Quotation Agent” means the institutional credit institution or financial services institution appointed 
by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
failing which as selected from time to time by the Quotation Agent at its sole discretion, which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes. 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons) as provided in Condition 5.3 or as otherwise 
provided by Conditions 5.4, 5.7 and 5.8, such option being referred to as an “Issuer Call”. The 
applicable Final Terms will contain provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 5.5 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and 
any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), which notice 
shall be irrevocable to the Noteholders redeem, or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described 
in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to, all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall 
be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
5.6 
Partial Redemption 
If the Make-whole Redemtpion or the Issuer Call is exercised in respect of some only of the Notes, 
such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum 
nominal amount to be redeemed (the “Minimum Redemption Amount”) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed (the “Maximum 
Redemption Amount”) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
EMEA 142007723 
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected by 
application of a pool factor in line with the rules of Euroclear France (corresponding to a reduction of 
the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed), in which case any payments of interest or other amounts under such Notes shall 
be calculated taking into account the application of such pool factor, subject to compliance with any 
other applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option with respect to Materialised 
Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed 
or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and 
in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the 
website of any other competent authority and/or regulated market of the Member State of the European 
Economic Area where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
5.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
This Condition 5.7 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons) as provided in Condition 5.3 or as otherwise 
provided by Conditions 5.4, 5.5 and 5.8, such option being referred to as a “Clean-up Call Option”. 
The applicable Final Terms will contain provisions applicable to any Clean-up Call Option and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.7 for full information on any Clean-up Call Option. 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if 80 per 
cent. or any higher percentage specified in the Final Terms (each, the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which, for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche 
of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any 
member of the SNCF Group and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem 
all but not some only of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that those Notes of such 
Series that are no longer outstanding have not been redeemed (and subsequently cancelled) by the 
Issuer at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Conditions 5.4 and 5.5. Any such redemption shall be at 
the Early Redemption Amount (the “Clean-up Call Amount”) together with any interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
5.8 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
This Condition 5.8 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons) as provided in Condition 5.3 or as otherwise 
provided by Conditions 5.4, 5.5 and 5.7, such option being referred to as a “Residual Maturity Call 
Option”. The applicable Final Terms will contain provisions applicable to any Residual Maturity Call 
Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.8 for full information on any Residual 
Maturity Call Option. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Call Option Date. 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than less than 15 nor more than 45 days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) to the Noteholders or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 118 ---
EMEA 142007723 
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terms), at any time as from the Call Option Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which 
shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date, until the Maturity Date, redeem the 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
5.9 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options: 
This Condition 5.9 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”. The applicable Final 
Terms will contain provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 5.9 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s) and the Optional Redemption Amount. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 45 days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Issuer redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the 
notice period. No Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
5.10 
Redemption of Dual Currency Notes or Reverse Dual Currency Notes 
In respect of Dual Currency Notes to which Dual Currency Redemption Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, any Redemption Amount shall be calculated per the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Note and converted into the Equivalent Currency at the Rate of Exchange 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In respect of Respect of Reverse Dual Currency Notes to 
which Reverse Dual Currency Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
any Redemption Amount shall be calculated per Equivalent Calculation Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and converted into the Specified Currency at the Rate of Exchange specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to the Rate of Exchange, should the applicable Final Terms specify that the Rate of 
Exchange shall be the bid spot exchange rate for the Specified Currency/Equivalent Currency or in 
respect of Reverse Dual Currency Notes, bid spot exchange for the Equivalent Currency/Specified 
Currency, in each case, the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.6. 
Each Dual Currency Note or Reverse Dual Currency Note may be redeemed at an amount below its 
Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.11 
Purchases: 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on the Issuer’s behalf may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or by tender or by private 
treaty or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 119 ---
EMEA 142007723 
119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5.12 
Cancellation: 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to applicable laws and regulations, at 
the option of the Issuer, either (a) held and resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes in accordance with Articles L. 213-0-1 and D. 213-0-1 A of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or (b) be cancelled by surrendering the Notes in question together with, where applicable, 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, 
if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, where applicable, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
6. 
PAYMENTS  
6.1 
Payments: 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the Specified Currency) of the 
relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to accounts (denominated in the 
relevant Specified Currency) with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
All payments validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Bank will 
be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.  
In this Condition 6, “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, in the case of Australian dollars, means Sydney and, in the case of Canadian dollars, 
means Montreal and, in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong, in each case a relevant Bank (as 
defined above)) or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as provided below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Materialised Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of 
all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.5(e)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6.5(e)), as the case may be, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in such Specified Currency or an account on which such Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, in each case a relevant Bank (as 
defined above);  
(ii) 
where the specified Currency is euro, by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a Eurocheque drawn on, in each case, a relevant Bank (as defined above) or, 
in the event that the Materialised Notes are held through the clearing systems, to the account 
(denominated in the Specified Currency) of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Noteholders; and

--- Page 120 ---
EMEA 142007723 
120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
holder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
6.2 
Payments in the United States: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (a) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (b) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (c) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer. 
6.3 
Payments subject to tax laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “IRS Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the IRS Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, official interpretations thereof or law 
implementing an intergovernmental agreement thereto (“FATCA”) and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or, where applicable, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
6.4 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. If any additional Paying Agents or any Make-whole 
Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent are appointed in connection with any Series of Notes upon 
issue, the names of such Paying Agents or any Make-whole Calculation Agent or Quotation Agent 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent(s), the Make-whole Calculation Agent and/or Quotation Agent, act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or, where applicable, Couponholder or Receiptholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent(s), the Make-whole Calculation Agent and/or the Quotation Agent and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (a) a Fiscal Agent, (b) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s), Make-whole Calculation Agent(s) or Quotation Agent(s) where the Conditions 
so require, (c) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require 
(and further provided that on a redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1.6 and a 
consolidation of the Notes with a further issue of Notes pursuant to Condition 11 (Further Issues and 
Consolidation), the Issuer shall procure that the same entity shall be appointed as the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent in respect of both the Notes and such other issues of Notes), and 
(d) the Issuer will maintain such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading (or any other relevant authority).  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 6.2 above. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) below.

--- Page 121 ---
EMEA 142007723 
121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.5 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
Unless the Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date 
for redemption of those Materialised Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)). 
(a) 
If the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Materialised Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(b) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
(c) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(d) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Materialised Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(e) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Materialised Note representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Note 
representing it, as the case may be. 
6.6 
Talons: 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)). 
6.7 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or, where applicable, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” in the applicable Final Terms and:

--- Page 122 ---
EMEA 142007723 
122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro or Renminbi, where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, a day on 
which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency;  
(b) 
in the case of a payment in euro, a day which is a TARGET2 Business Day; or 
(c) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. 
6.8 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability 
or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer, 
and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable 
to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer 
on giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on 
the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Euroclear France 
Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of 
Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.8 by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.8: 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuerto comply with any law, 
rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of such RMB Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant RMB Notes and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);

--- Page 123 ---
EMEA 142007723 
123 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in 
the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
“RMB Note” means a Note denominated in Renminbi; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and in New York City; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions; 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If such rate is not available, the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11 a.m. (Hong Kong 
time) on the RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing 
rate for settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page 
on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of 
displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes or, where applicable, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any 
Note or, where applicable, Receipt or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction with respect to 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by French law, pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of Notes or, where applicable, Receipts and Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts which would have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes or, where applicable, Receipts or Coupons in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or, where 
applicable, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or, where applicable any relative Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of 
the Note or, where applicable, such Receipt or Coupon; or

--- Page 124 ---
EMEA 142007723 
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant 
Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial owner 
or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA Withholding and the Issuer will have no obligation, and the holders of any Notes or, where 
applicable, any related Coupons or Receipts will not be entitled to require the Issuer, to pay additional 
amounts or otherwise indemnify a Noteholder for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld 
by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or, where applicable, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the 
money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or, where applicable, Receipt or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation.  
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest and other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” and/or 
“other revenues” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes or, where applicable, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall become void unless made within ten 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Upon any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) taking place, (i) the Representative 
(as defined in Condition 12 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications), acting on its own initiative, 
or (ii) the Representative, acting upon request of any Noteholder and only in respect of the Notes held 
by such Noteholder, may give written notice to the Issuer through the Fiscal Agent at its specified 
office that the Notes are immediately due and payable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Notes together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment shall become immediately 
due and payable, unless such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such 
notice by the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 15 days in the payment of any principal and interest due in 
respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 125 ---
EMEA 142007723 
125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
default by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any other obligation on its part under 
the Notes and such default continues for 30 days after written notice requiring such default to 
be remedied has been given by the holder of any Note through the Fiscal Agent to the Issuer; 
or 
(c) 
(i) any other indebtedness for money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
becoming prematurely repayable following a default, (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries defaulting in the repayment of any such indebtedness at the maturity thereof as 
extended by any applicable grace period, or (iii) any guarantee of any indebtedness for money 
borrowed given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries not being honoured when due 
and called upon, provided that the amounts of indebtedness under (i) or (ii) or amounts payable 
under the guarantee under (iii) above exceed Euro 150,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies; unless in any such event the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, has disputed in good faith that such indebtedness is due or that such guarantee is 
callable, and such dispute has been submitted to a competent court, in which event such default 
shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder so long as such default shall not have been 
finally adjudicated; or  
(d) 
A judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings 
having the same effect; provided that in respect of any proceedings or other procedure, 
application or step mentioned above being taken by a third party against the Issuer, it shall not 
constitute an event of default under this Condition 9 (Events of Default) if the Issuer has 
commenced actions, within 20 business days on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Paris, London and Luxembourg and which are TARGET 
2 Business Days, in good faith with a view to having such proceedings, procedure or 
application dismissed, until a definitive judgment to reject such action for dismissal is passed;  
For the purposes of this Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
“Material Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total revenues (and where the 
Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated financial statements, whose total consolidated revenues) 
represent not less than (i) 5% of the total consolidated revenues of the SNCF Group in relation to any 
Direct Subsidiary of the Issuer and (ii) 15% of the total consolidated revenues of the SNCF Group in 
relation to any Indirect Subsidiary of the Issuer, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited 
financial statements (or consolidated financial statements, as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and 
the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the SNCF Group;  
 
“SNCF Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person or entity, any other Person or entity as defined in Article 
L. 233-1 of the French Code de commerce or any other Person or entity controlled directly (a “Direct 
Subsidiary”) or indirectly (an “Indirect Subsidiary”) by such Person or entity within the meaning of 
Article L. 233-3-I of the French Code de commerce.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Materialised Note and/or any Receipt, Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock 
exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Materialised Note and/or any Receipt,

--- Page 126 ---
EMEA 142007723 
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Materialised Notes and/or, as the case may be, any Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes and/or any Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
11.1 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or, if applicable and 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes ranking pari passu with the Notes and 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first 
payment of interest on them and so that the same shall be consolidated (assimilés) and form a single 
series with such Notes). References in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
11.2 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may also from time to time upon not less than 30 days' prior notice to Noteholders, without 
the consent of the holders of the Notes or, where applicable, of the Receipts or Coupons of any Series, 
consolidate (assimilés) the Notes with notes of one or more other Series issued by it provided that, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the notes of all such other Series are 
denominated in the same currency as such Notes (irrespective of the currency in which any notes of 
such other Series were originally issued) and otherwise have the same terms and conditions as such 
Notes. Notice of any such consolidation will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). The Fiscal Agent shall act as the consolidation agent (in such capacity, the 
“Consolidation Agent”). 
With effect from their consolidation, the Notes and the notes of such other Series will (if listed prior 
to such consolidation) be listed on at least one European stock exchange on which either such Notes 
or the notes of such other Series were listed immediately prior to consolidation. 
The Issuer shall in dealing with the holders of such Notes following a consolidation pursuant to this 
Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) have regard to the interests of the holders of such 
Notes and the holders of the notes of such other Series, taken together as a class, and shall treat them 
alike. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In respect of meetings of the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of 
a single “Series” of Notes convened to deliberate and vote on one or more proposed 
Resolutions (as defined below) and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of 
which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect 
of which a Written Resolution (as defined below) has been, or is to be sought, and to the 
holders of those Notes, respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than:

--- Page 127 ---
EMEA 142007723 
127 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
those Notes which have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions 
has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes 
to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been 
duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in dematerialised bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders on 
behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 1.3, (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 1.3 and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal 
Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the 
case may be; 
(iii) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed 
under Condition 8 (Prescription); 
(iv) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; or 
(v) 
in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes 
that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for 
the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes 
alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the 
extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Notes, pursuant to 
its provisions or which has become void in accordance with its terms 
(vi) 
provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those Notes (if 
any) which are for the time being held by any person (including but not limited to the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be 
outstanding; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed at 
(x) a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) 
by a Written Resolution (as defined below); and 
(E) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(b) 
Masse 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests (intérêts communs) in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be 
subject to the following provisions of this Condition 12(b).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception of 
Article L. 228-48, the second sentence of the first paragraph of Article L. 228-71, Articles R. 228-63 
and R. 228-69 of the French Code de commerce and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a General Meeting of the Noteholders.

--- Page 128 ---
EMEA 142007723 
128 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the 
Representative and its alternate, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be: 
Representative: 
DIIS GROUP 
12 rue Vivienne 
75002 Paris 
rmo@diisgroup.com  
Represented by Sylvain Thomazo 
Alternate to the Representative: 
DIIS GROUP 
12 rue Vivienne 
75002 Paris 
rmo@diisgroup.com  
Represented by Sandrine d'Haussy 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.  
The Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of Euro 400 (tax excluded) per year and per 
Series so long as any of the Notes of each Series is outstanding. The alternate representative will only 
become entitled to the annual remuneration if it exercises the duties of Representative on a permanent 
basis; such remuneration will accrued form the day on which it assumes such duties.  
In the event of death, dissolution, liquidation, retirement or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, dissolution, liquidation, retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each Noteholder 
to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set of for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, 
hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under Condition 13 not 
less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and 5 
calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication

--- Page 129 ---
EMEA 142007723 
129 
 
 
 
 
 
 
allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R. 
225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 13. In accordance with Articles R. 228-61, R. 
228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to 
appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting 
to approve the proposals to change the corporate objects or form of the Issuer or to issue new notes 
(obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-
65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a 
merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L. 236-13 and L. 236-18 will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 13 (Notices). 
(c) 
Right to participate to General Meetings of holders to Materialised Notes 
In the case of any Materialised Notes, while the Temporary Global Certificate and, following its 
exchange, the relevant definitive Materialised Notes are deposited with any custodian or intermediary, 
the right of each Noteholder to participate in a General Meeting shall be evidenced by a certificate 
from any accountholder confirming such Noteholder's holdings of Notes according to his book entry 
securities account with such accountholder, in line with the relevant instructions in the invitation for 
the General Meeting. In the event such definitive Materialised Notes are no longer deposited with any 
custodian or intermediary, then, each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person or by proxy and the following provisions shall apply for the purposes of determining the right 
of each Noteholder to participate to any General Meeting: 
(A) 
If a holder of a definitive Materialised Note wishes to obtain a voting certificate in respect of 
it for a meeting, such holder must deposit it for that purpose at least two business days before 
the time fixed for the meeting with any Paying Agent or to the order of any such Paying Agent 
with a bank or other depositary nominated by such Paying Agent for the purpose. Each Paying 
Agent shall then issue a voting certificate in respect of it. 
(B) 
A voting certificate shall: 
(i) 
be a document in the English language; 
(ii) 
be dated; 
(iii) 
specify the meeting concerned and the serial numbers of the definitive Materialised 
Notes deposited; and 
(iv) 
entitle, and state that it entitles, its bearer to attend and vote at that meeting in respect 
of those Notes. 
(C) 
Once the relevant Paying Agent has issued a voting certificate for a meeting in respect of a 
definitive Materialised Note, it shall not release such Note until either: 
(i) 
the meeting has been concluded; or 
(ii) 
the voting certificate has been surrendered to such Paying Agent. 
(D) 
If a holder of a definitive Materialised Note wishes the votes attributable to it to be included 
in a block voting instruction for a meeting, then, at least two business days before the time 
fixed for the meeting, (i) he must deposit the Note for that purpose with the relevant Paying 
Agent or to the order of such Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by such 
Paying Agent for that purpose and (ii) he or a duly authorised person on his behalf must direct

--- Page 130 ---
EMEA 142007723 
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the Paying Agent as to how those votes are to be cast. The relevant Paying Agent shall issue 
a block voting instruction in respect of the votes attributable to all Notes so deposited. 
(E) 
A block voting instruction shall: 
(i) 
be a document in the English language; 
(ii) 
be dated; 
(iii) 
specify the meeting concerned; 
(iv) 
list the total number and serial numbers of the definitive Materialised Notes deposited, 
distinguishing with regard to each resolution between those voting for and those 
voting against it; 
(v) 
certify that such list is in accordance with Notes deposited and directions received as 
provided in sub-paragraphs (D), (G) and (J); and 
(vi) 
appoint a named person (a “proxy”) to vote at that meeting in respect of those Notes 
and in accordance with that list. 
A proxy need not be a Noteholder. 
(F) 
Once the Paying Agent has issued a block voting instruction for a meeting in respect of the 
votes attributable to any definitive Materialised Notes: 
(i) 
it shall not release the Notes, except as provided in paragraph (g), until the meeting 
has been concluded; and 
(ii) 
the directions to which it gives effect may not be revoked or altered during the two 
business days before the time fixed for the meeting. 
(G) 
If the receipt for a definitive Materialised Note deposited with any Paying Agent in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (D) is surrendered to such Paying Agent at least two business days before 
the time fixed for the meeting, the Paying Agent shall release the Note and exclude the votes 
attributable to it from the block voting instruction. 
(H) 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited at least two business days before the time 
fixed for the meeting at the specified office of any such Paying Agent or such other place as 
the Issuer shall designate or approve, and in default it shall not be valid unless the chairman 
of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting proceeds to business. If the Issuer 
requires, at its expense and if reasonably practicable, a notarially certified copy of each block 
voting instruction shall be produced by the proxy at the meeting but the Issuer need not 
investigate or be concerned with the validity of the proxy’s appointment. 
(I) 
A vote cast in accordance with a block voting instruction shall be valid even if it or any of the 
Noteholders’ instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been revoked or 
amended, unless written intimation of such revocation or amendment is received from the 
relevant Paying Agent at its specified office (or such other place as may have been specified 
by the Issuer for the purpose) or by the chairman of the meeting in each case at least one 
business day before the time fixed for the meeting. 
(J) 
No Note may be deposited with or to the order of any Paying Agent at the same time for the 
purposes of both sub-paragraph (A) and paragraph (D) for the same meeting.

--- Page 131 ---
EMEA 142007723 
131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this section, the term “business day” shall mean a day, other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday, on which the principal specified office of the relevant Paying Agent is open for business. 
(d) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any “Series” of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening of a General Meeting, to 
seek approval of a Resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-
46-11 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way 
of electronic communication (“Electronic Consent”); 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 13 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to 
the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
(e) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall 
be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in 
the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written 
Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution 
accordingly. 
(f) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of each General 
Meeting on first convocation or (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding of such General Meeting 
on second convocation or, in the case of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent), the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in connection with such 
resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution; and decisions of General Meetings and 
Written Resolutions once approved and notices in respect of the Masse will be published in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 13 (Notices). 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing through 
Written Resolution by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes.  
(h) 
Single Masse 
The Noteholders of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
consolidated (assimilées for the purposes of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation), shall, for the defence of their

--- Page 132 ---
EMEA 142007723 
132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect 
of the first Series of Notes issued will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(i) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L. 213-6-3 V of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer has the 
right to amend the terms and conditions of the Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can 
only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of the 
Noteholders, in order to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, 
no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in order to comply with or make any modifications or 
amendments to the Notes or the Agency Agreement pursuant to the fallback provisions of Condition 
4 (Interest and Other Calculations). 
(j) 
Single Noteholder 
If the Final Terms specify Contractual Masse, as long as the Notes are held by a single Noteholder, 
and if no Representative has been appointed, the relevant Noteholder will exercise directly the powers 
delegated to the Representative and general meetings of Noteholders under the Conditions. If the Final 
Terms specify Contractual Masse, a Representative shall only be appointed if the Notes are held by 
more than one Noteholder (unless a Representative has been previously appointed in the Final Terms 
relating to the Notes). 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form 
Subject as provided in Condition 13.3 below, notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either at the option of the Issuer, (i) they are mailed to 
them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) they are published, 
at the option of the Issuer, (a) in accordance with Articles 221.3 and 221.4 of the Règlement Général 
of the AMF, (b) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe (which is expected to 
be the Financial Times) or, (iii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange including any Regulated Market and the rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or as otherwise permitted or required by the 
applicable rules of such stock exchange(s). 
13.2 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form.  
Subject as provided in Condition 13.3 below, notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (i) in a daily leading 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, (ii) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général of the 
Autorité 
des 
marchés 
financiers, 
or 
(iii) 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf.So long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange including any Regulated Market, notices to the 
holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be deemed 
to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the stock exchange on which such Notes is/are listed and admitted to trading or as otherwise 
permitted or required by the applicable rules of such stock exchange(s). Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Where applicable, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 133 ---
EMEA 142007723 
133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13.3 
All Dematerialised Notes 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13.1 and 13.2 above; 
except that so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange(s) including 
any Regulated Market and the rules of such stock exchange(s) so require, notices will be published in 
a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city/ies where such stock exchange(s) on which 
such Note(s) is/are listed and admitted to trading are/is situated or as otherwise permitted or required 
by the applicable rules of such stock exchange(s). 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
14.1 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Talons and the Agency Agreement 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them) are governed by and construed in accordance with, French law. 
14.2 
Jurisdiction: 
In relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and, where 
applicable, any the Receipts and/or the Coupons, the Issuer and the Noteholders irrevocably submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of Paris, France.

--- Page 134 ---
EMEA 142007723 
134 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be 
applied by the Issuer either:  
(a) 
to finance its general activities; or 
(b) 
to finance investments in one or more of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined below) and as further 
described 
in 
the 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Publications_Groupe/2021_Green_Bond_Framework_SN
CF_VF.pdf?_ga=2.140072371.1057539931.1613997604-1012768428.1574349545. 
For 
the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will be the sole legal debtor in relation to such Notes and SNCF Réseau 
or SNCF Voyageurs will not, nor be deemed, in any way to be liable under such Notes. 
 
“Eligible Green Projects” include the following investments: 
 
(i) self-funded projects supporting zero-emissions transportation as they support an optimum use of the 
rail transport. More precisely, to be eligible, a potential project needs to meet the following criteria: 
 
 
 
(ii) the following capital expenditures: 
 
 
 
Eligible Green Projects include new and ongoing projects with disbursements within the past two years (look-
back period) and future project with disbursement occurring in the next two years (look-forward period).   
 
The Issuer’s Finance and Treasury division in coordination with group’s Accounting & Management Control 
divisions and Sustainable Development division will review the allocation of the projects annually.  
If projects are considered eligible, they will be recorded in the Issuer’s green bond register and tracked for the 
life of the involvement in the Green Bonds.   
 
Pending allocation, the proceeds of a tranche of Green Bonds issuance will be placed into the Issuer’s treasury 
accounts. The Issuer’s treasury will allocate, via intercompany loan, the proceeds of the relevant tranche of 
Green Bond from the treasury to projects recorded in the green bond register. The register will include a full

--- Page 135 ---
EMEA 142007723 
135 
 
 
 
 
 
 
list of eligible projects, and the amount of allocation made. Whilst the proceeds of any tranche of Green Bonds 
remain unallocated, they will be invested in accordance with the Issuer’s liquidity management policies and 
guidelines in money market products, such as cash and/or cash equivalents and/or bank deposits. Payment of 
principal and interest of the Green Bonds will not be directly linked to the performance of the Eligible Green 
Projects.   
 
All the net proceeds will ultimately be allocated to the identified Eligible Green Projects and so long as the 
Green Bonds are outstanding, the balance of the tracked net proceeds will be periodically adjusted to match 
allocations to the Eligible Green Projects.   
 
Use and management of proceeds will be verified, ex post, by an auditing company (currently KPMG France).  
 
On the SNCF Voyageurs perimeter only, once an eligible rolling stock is sold or in case of divestment, 
postponement, cancelation, ineligibility or controversy, the issuer will re-allocate the proceeds to finance other 
Eligible Green Projects, in compliance with the Green Bond Framework, within 24 months, or accordingly 
downsize the future envelope of eligible assets accordingly to the value of the project withdrawn from the 
pool.    
 
If required, the applicable Final Terms will specify in more detail the specific Eligible Green Projects  related 
to any particular Tranche of Notes and any other relevant information such as whether or not any third party 
opinions and/or reviews will be made available in connection therewith and where and/or from whom 
opinions, reviews and other relevant information may be obtained and/or accessed.  
 
Within the calendar year that follows an issuance of a tranche of Green Bonds, and until the full allocation of 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the relevant tranche of Green Bonds issued, the Issuer will provide to 
investors:  
o annual updates on the website (https://www.sncf.com) on the amounts allocated to the Eligible Green 
Projects,   
o relevant expected impact metrics and where feasible actual impact metrics related to the Eligible 
Green Projects the extent compatible with competition and confidentiality requirements;   
o the auditors or any other third party appointed by the Issuer, will issue an annual report on the Issuer’s 
compliance in all material respects with the Eligible Green Projects criteria set forth in these 
documents. 
 
The Issuer has appointed ISS ESG to provide a “Second Party Opinion” on the Green Bond Framework 
available 
on 
https://medias.sncf.com/sncfcom/finances/Publications_Groupe/210125_SPO_SA_SPO_finalv2.pdf?_ga=2.
172183843.1057539931.1613997604-1012768428.1574349545. 
 
All those documents are available on https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf. 
 
If, in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 136 ---
EMEA 142007723 
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT 
OF THE MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, Receipts or Talons will initially be issued in 
connection with Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (the "Common 
Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that 
is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription 
and Sale"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes (as defined below); and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set 
out in the Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Notes (as defined below). 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect 
of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that 
the certification described in (b) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the 
relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment 
due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes (as defined below) is improperly 
refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate, Receipts and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal stock exchange 
requirements and will be substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement. 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such 
day pursuant to Condition 11 (Further Issues and Consolidation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the issue of 
such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
EMEA 142007723 
137 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
INTRODUCTION 
Société nationale SNCF (the “Issuer” or “Société nationale SNCF”) is the holding company of the SNCF 
Group (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)). According to Law n° 2018-515 dated 27 June 2018 and 
ordonnance n° 2019-552 dated 3 June 2019 (the “Order” and, together with Law n° 2018-515 dated 27 June 
2018, the “New Railway Pact”), the Issuer is a société anonyme (a limited liability company) governed by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce with a share capital of €1,000,000,000 comprising 10,000,000 
shares, each share having nominal value of €100, wholly-owned by the French State and incorporated for a 
duration of 99 years, subject to any further extension, until 3 January 2119. It is registered with the Registre 
du commerce et des sociétés of Bobigny under n°552 049 447. Its registered and head office is 2, place aux 
Etoiles, 93200 Saint Denis, France, its telephone number is (+33) (0)1 53 25 60 00 and its website is 
https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf.  
The Issuer is the former SNCF Mobilités EPIC transformed into its current legal form, status and role pursuant 
to the New Railway Pact. SNCF Mobilités was itself the result of an earlier transformation pursuant to law 
n°97-135 dated 13 February 1997 (the “1997 Law”) which, inter alia, with retroactive effect from 1 January 
1997, created SNCF Réseau (originally Réseau Ferré de France) for the purposes of becoming the owner and 
operator of the French rail infrastructure network and assigned to SNCF Mobilités EPIC the role of rail 
operating company. 
As more fully described below, SNCF Réseau remains the operator of the French rail infrastructure network 
owned by the French State, carrying on the same activities as before the transformation, while the former rail 
operating activities of SNCF Mobilités have been transferred to a new company called SNCF Voyageurs. Both 
SNCF Réseau and SNCF Voyageurs are now wholly-owned, direct subsidiaries of the Issuer.  
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The original “Société Nationale des Chemin de fer Français” was created by the decree-law of 31 August 1937 
and initially incorporated under the French Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés on 31 March 1955.  
Under law n°82-1153 dated 30 December 1982 on guidelines for domestic transportation (known as the “Law 
LOTI”), Société Nationale des Chemin de fer Français was transformed into a public entity of an industrial 
and commercial character (établissement public à caractère industriel et commercial) (“EPIC”) governed by 
French law.  
The Law LOTI was modified by:  
 
the 1997 Law;  
 
law n°2009-1503 dated 8 December 2009 on the organisation and regulation of the railways 
transportation and miscellaneous provisions related to transports; 
 
law n°2010-788 dated 12 July 2010 relating to national commitment to the environment and 
codified in the French Code des transports by Article 7 of ordinance n°2010-1307 relating to the 
legislative part of the French Code des transports; 
 
the Rail Reform Law (as defined below); and  
 
the New Railway Pact.  
The 1997 Law relating to the creation of Réseau Ferré de France (loi portant création de Réseau Ferré de 
France) was published on 15 February 1997 in the Journal Officiel. Its purpose was to implement the 
provisions of European Directive n°91-440 in order to clarify the respective responsibilities and accounts of

--- Page 138 ---
EMEA 142007723 
138 
 
 
 
 
 
 
companies operating railway services and those which own and are responsible for the maintenance and 
management of railway infrastructure in France. 
The 1997 Law had retroactive effect as from 1 January 1997, from which date SNCF Mobilités EPIC 
(originally called Société Nationale des Chemin de fer Français) became the rail operating company, and 
SNCF Réseau EPIC (originally called Réseau Ferré de France), the owner and regulatory agency of the rail 
infrastructure. The 1997 Law and its implementing decrees established SNCF Réseau EPIC as an independent 
entity to own the French railway infrastructure, previously owned by SNCF Mobilités EPIC. The railway 
reform had therefore separated ownership of the rail infrastructure (devolved to SNCF Réseau) from its 
operation (devolved to SNCF Mobilités EPIC). The fixed assets relating to railway infrastructure existing as 
at 1 January 1997 were transferred to SNCF Réseau with effect from 1 January 1997. The infrastructure assets 
transferred were detailed in Decree n°97-445 of 5 May 1997 and principally included land and buildings, 
tracks, civil engineering structures and signalling, electrification and telecommunications equipment. From 1 
January 1997, €20.5 billion worth of debt was transferred to SNCF Réseau EPIC’s opening balance sheet from 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC, corresponding to the portion of debt contracted by SNCF Mobilités EPIC as at that 
date relating to infrastructure financing operations. Therefore, €20.5 billion of a total debt of €30.3 billion at 
31 December 1996 (including on- and off-balance sheet items, after currency swaps) became repayable by 
SNCF Réseau, although SNCF Mobilités EPIC remains the legal debtor in relation to its creditors. SNCF 
Réseau EPIC has undertaken to pay SNCF Mobilités EPIC instalment payments corresponding to its 
percentage of the total amount due on each relevant date, in accordance with the SNCF Mobilités EPIC’s loan 
repayment schedule. 
Following the reform proposal presented on 16 October 2013 by the French Government to the French 
Parliament for the purpose of creating an integrated public railway group, law n°2014-872 of 4 August 2014 
relating to the latest railway reform in France at that time (the “Rail Reform Law”) was published on 5 August 
2014 in the Journal Officiel. The Rail Reform Law modified the structure of the French railway organisation 
with effect from 1 January 2015.

--- Page 139 ---
EMEA 142007723 
139 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In line with the Rail Reform Law, the SNCF group was reorganised to comprise three EPICs, each fully owned 
by the French State: (i) SNCF, which had overall responsibility for the strategic control and monitoring, the 
economic consistency, the industrial integration and the social unity and cohesion of the SNCF group; (ii) 
SNCF Réseau EPIC; and (iii) SNCF Mobilités EPIC, with SNCF Mobilités EPIC having several branches, 
including SNCF Gares & Connexions and SNCF Logistics, and subsidiaries, including Keolis and Geodis: 
 
 
THE NEW RAILWAY PACT 
In the context of the New Railway Pact, the then SNCF group has been reorganised as of 1 January 2020 into 
a major unified and integrated public group comprising the Issuer (formerly SNCF Mobilités EPIC and having 
absorbed the previous SNCF EPIC) which became a société anonyme (a limited liability company) whose 
share capital is held in the public domain, parent company, and several subsidiaries including, in particular, 
SNCF Réseau and SNCF Voyageurs, all of which being limited liability companies (société anonymes). 
On and with effect from 1 January 2020, the following transactions, amongst others, were completed: 
 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC transferred, by way of a contribution at the net accounting value, all its assets, 
rights and liabilities related to its passengers activities to a newly formed and wholly-owned limited 
liability company (“SNCF Voyageurs”). The financial debt related to such activities was transferred 
to SNCF Voyageurs, SNCF Mobilités EPIC remaining the sole debtor of the relevant creditors. In all 
the legal texts in force on 1 January 2020, the terms "SNCF Mobilités" are replaced by the terms 
"SNCF Voyageurs". 
 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC transferred, by way of a contribution at the net accounting value, all its assets, 
rights and liabilities related to the management of public railway stations to a newly formed and 
wholly-owned limited liability company (SNCF Gares & Connexions). The financial debt associated 
with such activities was also transferred to this limited liability company, SNCF Mobilités EPIC, 
remaining the sole debtor of the relevant creditors. The share capital of this limited liability company

--- Page 140 ---
EMEA 142007723 
140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
was then immediately transferred to SNCF Réseau EPIC, at its net accounting value. SNCF Réseau 
then transferred all its assets and liabilities related to the management of the public railway stations to 
this limited liability company. 
 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC transferred, by way of a contribution at the net accounting value, all its assets, 
rights and liabilities (except for the financial indebtedness which will not be transferred) related to the 
supply of rail freight transport services activities in France and abroad (formerly part of the SNCF 
Logistics Branch) to a wholly-owned limited liability company (Fret SNCF). 
The scope of the assets, rights and liabilities so transferred was approved by several arrêtés of the Minister for 
transport, the Minister for the economy and the Minister for the budget dated 17 December 2019. 
In addition, and also on and with effect from 1 January 2020: 
 
SNCF EPIC was wound up and all its assets, rights, liabilities and authorisations were transferred at 
their net accounting value through a dévolution universelle de patrimoine ("merger absorption") to 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC. 
 
SNCF Réseau EPIC was transformed into a limited liability company, wholly-owned by SNCF 
Mobilités EPIC. The French railway network has been transferred to the direct ownership of the French 
State and has been attributed to SNCF Réseau.  
 
SNCF Mobilités EPIC was transformed into a limited liability company (société anonyme) wholly 
owned by the French state (société nationale à capitaux publics) and re-named Société nationale 
SNCF.  
The changes in the legal status of SNCF Réseau EPIC and SNCF Mobilités EPIC did not involve the creation 
of new legal entities or cessation of activities and all the rights, obligations and authorisations of SNCF Réseau 
and SNCF Mobilités, respectively, remain unaffected as a result of such changes. 
Following the above transactions, the newly reorganised State-owned unified group, in fulfilment of public 
services in the field of rail transport and mobility, is composed of the Issuer, holding directly or indirectly 
several subsidiaries, including SNCF Réseau, SNCF Voyageurs, Fret SNCF, Geodis and Keolis. 
The New Railway Pact is based on the following principles: 
 
The French State owns the entire share capital of Société nationale SNCF, whose shares are non-
transferable. Société nationale SNCF owns, inter alia, the entire share capital of SNCF Voyageurs and 
SNCF Réseau, whose shares are also non-transferable. SNCF, SNCF Réseau and SNCF Voyageurs 
are subject to the legal provisions applicable to limited liability companies and their initial articles of 
association were determined by decree in the Conseil d'État which may be amended, as necessary, 
according to the rules stipulated in the French Code de commerce; 
 
the purpose and objective of the Issuer is to lead and control the SNCF Group with a view to ensuring 
the strategic and financial management and defining its general organisation. In particular, it defines 
and leads industrial and innovation policies, human resources, and valuation and asset management 
policies of the SNCF Group. It also provides (i) pooled business services, for the benefit of the entire 
SNCF Group and (ii) transversal missions necessary for the proper functioning of the national rail 
transport system; 
 
The SNCF Group as a whole is responsible for (i) operating and developing, in a fair and transparent 
manner, the national rail network in accordance with the public service principles in order to promote 
rail transport in France, (ii) operating and developing, in a fair and transparent manner, passenger train 
stations and other service facilities relating to the national rail network, (iii) fulfilling transversal duties 
essential to the proper operation of the national rail system for the benefit of all the participants in this

--- Page 141 ---
EMEA 142007723 
141 
 
 
 
 
 
 
system and, in particular, to secure the safety of persons, property and the rail network and (iv) 
guaranteeing national and international passenger and freight transport services; 
 
SNCF Voyageurs operates, either directly or through its subsidiaries, rail transport services and 
conducts the other activities set forth in its articles of association; 
 
SNCF Réseau is responsible for guaranteeing, in a fair and transparent manner, directly or through its 
subsidiaries, in accordance with public service principles and in order to promote rail transport in 
France sustainable development, regional planning and economic and social efficiency, and 
specifically (i) access to the rail infrastructure of the French national rail network, including the 
allocation of capacities and the pricing of this infrastructure and (ii) operational management of traffic 
on the French national rail network; 
 
as from 1 January 2020, recruitment of personnel with special railway worker status has ceased for all 
new recruitments (current employees will continue to benefit from this historic status); and 
 
French passenger rail transport has been opened to competition; Île-de-France Mobilités, the French 
State and the regions having the option to open rail passengers’ transportation to competition according 
to the competition rules between 3 December 2019 and 24 December 2023. 
The essential elements of the New Railway Pact has been completed by various ordonnances or décrets 
adopted by the French Government. 
THE MAIN FEATURES OF THE DEBT RELIEF OF SNCF RESEAU 
At the same time as the French State has also effected the debt relief of SNCF Réseau, the French State having 
assumed as from 1 January 2020 an amount of outstanding financial indebtedness obligations of SNCF Réseau 
corresponding to €25 billion in 2020 and having assumed a further €10 billion of outstanding financial 
indebtedness obligations of SNCF Réseau as from 1 January 2022, which has been enacted by the loi de finance 
for the year 2022. This relief is aimed at significantly improving the financial structure of SNCF Réseau, and 
enhancing its financial performance. Pursuant to the debt relief mechanism, SNCF Réseau lends and borrows 
the exact same amount to/from the Caisse de la dette Publique (the “CDP”, public debt fund). The 
characteristics (maturities, interest rate, etc.) of both loans fully replicate those of SNCF Réseau’s financial 
debt (including associated derivatives). The French State has replaced SNCF Réseau as debtor of the CDP by 
operation of law (i.e. the loi de finance for the year 2020 and the loi de finance for the year 2022) resulting in 
a €25 billion increase and a further €10 billion increase in SNCF Réseau’s reserves, while SNCF Réseau still 
receives the interest and principal of the synthetic receivables from CDP until maturity. The additional debt 
relief of €10 billion effective as from 1 January 2022 follows the same mechanism. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
1. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
On 1 January 2020, the Issuer became the holding company of the SNCF Group.  
 
According to Article L. 2102-1 of the French Code des transports, the purpose of the Issuer is to manage and 
direct the SNCF Group, provide strategic and financial leadership and define its organisation under the 
independence requirements governing infrastructure managers. The Issuer is responsible for defining and 
leading in particular the industrial and innovation policies, human resources, valuation and asset management 
policies of the SNCF Group.

--- Page 142 ---
EMEA 142007723 
142 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SNCF Group post-transformation comprises several direct or indirect subsidiaries including SNCF Réseau and 
SNCF Voyageurs, SNCF Fret, Keolis and Geodis:  
 
2. 
SNCF RESEAU AND SNCF GARES & CONNEXIONS 
SNCF Réseau 
Principal Activities 
SNCF Réseau is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. Its corporate purpose, as specified in Article L. 2111-
9 of the French Code des transports, as amended, is to promote French rail transport within a sustainable 
development framework, by ensuring: 
 
the access to the national railway infrastructure including the allocation of capacity on, and the 
establishment of tariffs for using, this infrastructure; 
 
operational management of traffic on the national railway network; 
 
the maintenance, including upkeep for and renewing of the national railway infrastructure; 
 
the development, layout, consistency and enhancement of the national railway network; 
 
the management of the passengers railway stations through a subsidiary having a financial, 
organizational and decision making autonomy; 
 
the management of the services infrastructure and its enhancement; and 
 
transversal missions necessary to the operation of the national railway network, in particular in the

--- Page 143 ---
EMEA 142007723 
143 
 
 
 
 
 
 
context of the management of crisis situations and regarding the access of the railway transportation 
to disabled people. 
SNCF Réseau performs a public sector service and enjoys a natural monopoly. 
 
Decree no. 97-444 of 5 May 1997 sets out the methods and procedures to be adopted by SNCF Réseau in 
performing its activities and when acting as prime contractor for investments in the national rail network 
(Article 3). It also stipulates that: 
 
each year, SNCF Réseau shall submit an investment plan to the French government, with details as to 
how this plan is to be financed (Article 4); 
 
SNCF Réseau shall also define the principles and objectives for managing the network taking into 
account the needs of the users and national defence and ensure the absence of discrimination in the 
right to access the network (Article 7). 
In addition, under Decree no. 2003-194 of 7 March 2003, as amended, SNCF Réseau, in particular, is 
responsible for allocating national rail network infrastructure capacity and for ensuring that all train operators 
that comply with regulatory requirements have equal access to the national rail network. 
 
SNCF Réseau’s consolidated subsidiaries on a full consolidated basis (consolidation par integration globale) 
are as follows: 
 
SNCF Gares et Connexions, a company, 100% owned by SNCF Réseau (SNCF Réseau estimates that 
SNCF Gares & Connexions will represent approximately 2% of its total consolidated assets);  
 
SFERIS, a company that carries out project works in France and provides expertise, 100% owned by 
SNCF Réseau; 
 
ALTAMETRIS, a company in charge of inter alia commercialising the acquisition, processing and 
evaluate data by automated mobile vectors, mainly drones and satellites, 100% owned by SNCF 
Réseau; 
 
ImmoRESEAU, a company in charge of holding shares in companies whose activities are to develop 
and promote real estate and land valuation, 100% owned by SNCF Réseau. 
Governance 
According to Article L.2122-7-2-1 of the French Code des transports, revenues from the railway infrastructure 
management activities (including public grants) can only be used by SNCF Réseau to finance its own activities, 
including the servicing of its debt. SNCF Réseau may also use revenues from the railway infrastructure 
management activities to pay dividends to its shareholders, except shareholders controlling both a railway 
transportation company and a railway infrastructure manager. 
According to the new Article L. 2101-1-1 of the French Code des transports, a member of the Board of 
Directors of SNCF Réseau or an executive officer (dirigeant) of SNCF Réseau or of SNCF Gares & 
Connexions cannot, simultaneously, be a member of the supervisory board or the Board of Directors or a 
representative executive officer (dirigeant mandataire social) of a company which operates, directly or through 
one of its subsidiaries, as a railway transportation company or as the subsidiary of a railway transportation 
company. 
 
The new Article L. 2122-4-1-1 of the French Code des transports provides that no legal entity other than SNCF 
Réseau, within the SNCF Group, shall have any significant influence over the decisions taken by SNCF Réseau 
regarding the allocation of the railway network capacity and the fee invoiced in connection with such use of 
the railway network (the “Key Functions”). In this respect:

--- Page 144 ---
EMEA 142007723 
144 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The members of the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau, when they are employed by other legal 
entities of SNCF Group that are not infrastructure managers, shall not take part in decisions relating 
to Key Functions and to the appointment or dismissal of executive officers (dirigeant) in charge of 
decisions relating to Key Functions; 
 
The persons in charge of decisions relating to Key Functions can only be subject to the authority, direct 
or indirect, of an executive officer (dirigeant) appointed after a binding opinion (avis conforme) 
rendered by the Transport Regulatory Authority; and 
 
SNCF Réseau shall set out in a code of conduct, to be reviewed by the Transport Regulatory Authority, 
the relevant steps taken to avoid any significant influence from another legal entity of the SNCF Group 
over the decisions relating to Key Functions.  
In compliance with Article L. 2122-4-1-1 of the French Code des transports, Article 11 of the articles of 
association of SNCF Réseau provides that a person cannot be simultaneously appointed or employed:  
 
as a member of the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau and as a member of the Board of Directors of 
a railway transportation company; 
 
as a person in charge of decisions relating to Key Functions and as a member of the Board of Directors 
of a railway transportation company; 
 
as a member of the supervisory board of a company being part of SNCF Group and controlling at the 
same time a railway transportation company and an infrastructure manager, and as a member of the 
Board of Directors of such infrastructure manager; and 
 
as a member of the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau and as a member of the supervisory board of 
a railway transportation company. 
Article 5 of the decree no. 2019-1587 dated 31 December 2019 provides that the following decisions of the 
Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau relating to the financial, organizational and operational strategy can be 
adopted only subject to approval of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau 
designated by the general meeting of the shareholders, those proposed of the French State being excluded: 
 
approval of the amount of dividend which could be distributed, coming from revenues of activities of 
the Issuer other than those relating to the operation of the railway network; 
 
adoption of the annual budget and of the estimated accounts; 
 
adoption of the strategic plan; 
 
decisions relating to any acquisition or disposal of an amount above a threshold set out in the internal 
regulation of the Board of Directors; and 
 
decisions relating to any off-balance sheet commitment of an amount above a threshold set out in the 
internal regulation of the Board of Directors. 
 
SNCF Gares & Connexions 
The aim of SNCF Gares & Connexions is to ensure, in compliance with the guidelines relating to public 
services, consistent approach in the management of passengers' railway stations, by, in particular: 
 
providing quality public services to railway companies, by giving them transparent and non-
discriminatory access to the services and benefits offered in railway stations;  
 
fostering complementarity and cooperation between collective and individual modes of transport;

--- Page 145 ---
EMEA 142007723 
145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
contributing to balanced territorial developments by, in particular, (i) ensuring consistency of its 
investment decisions with local planning policies and (ii) ensuring appropriate balancing between 
expenditures and resources of the different railway stations it manages. 
3. 
SNCF VOYAGEURS 
SNCF Voyageurs now comprises SNCF Transilien & TER, Intercités and Voyages SNCF. 
Voyages SNCF 
Voyages SNCF offers its customers door-to-door passenger transport services in France and Europe through 
its activities and brands TGV, Ouigo, Eurostar, Thalys, Lyria, Ouibus and iDVroom and travel-related products 
like train and airline tickets, car rental and hotel accommodation. 
Intercités 
Intercités offers its customers inter-regional transport services, rail transport regulated services, and services 
covering passenger transport. 
Transilien & TER 
SNCF Transilien & TER offer local transport services, Transilien being dedicated to local transportation in Ile 
de France and TER being dedicated to local transportation in the other French regions. 
4. 
FRET SNCF 
Fret SNCF includes a full range of transport and freight logistics businesses through, in particular, TFMM.  
5. 
KEOLIS 
Keolis is a mass transit operator present in 16 countries worldwide. Its expertise covers all modes of 
transportation (train, bus, car, underground, tramway, ferries and bicycles), and the management of 
interconnection points (stations and airports) and parking. 
6. 
GEODIS 
Geodis is a worldwide logistics company providing supply chain optimisation, freight forwarding, contract 
logistics, distribution and road transport.  
 
PERFORMANCE CONTRACTS  
Following the New Railway Pact and the abrogation of Article L. 2102-5 of the French Code des transports, 
the strategic framework agreement (Contrat-cadre du groupe Public Ferroviaire) which was signed between 
SNCF EPIC and the French State on 20 April 2017 and the operating agreement (so-called “Contrat de 
performance”) which was signed between SNCF Mobilités EPIC, becoming Société nationale SNCF, and the 
French State on 20 April 2017 have been terminated. 
In accordance with Article L. 2111-10 of the French Code des transports, applicable as of 1 January 2020, an 
operating agreement has to be entered into between the French State and SNCF Réseau. In this respect, the 
operating agreement dated 20 April 2017 and entered into between the French State and SNCF Réseau EPIC 
for ten-years (an update being conducted every three years), setting out objectives relating to inter alia quality 
services objectives, financial trajectory, development of the railway public service and land-use planning 
continued in force as is with SNCF Réseau post-transformation. An update to this operating agreement has 
been agreed by the Board of Directors of SNCF Réseau on 4 November 2021 and has been signed on 6 April 
2022.

--- Page 146 ---
EMEA 142007723 
146 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In accordance with Article L. 2111-10-1 A of the Code des transports a performance contract will have to be 
entered into between the French State and SNCF Gares & Connexions. Such performance contract is currently 
in a consultation phase and its purpose is to promote the development of the rail system, particularly through 
the adaptation and modernization of infrastructure and services, based on a sustainable business model. 
Performance contract of SNCF Réseau 
The performance contract entered into by SNCF Réseau on 6 April 2022 for the 2021-2030 period provides 
foreseeability on the investment track for SNCF Réseau and the railway sector. 
The performance contract also sets out the major strategic lines of action that will enable the sustainable 
development of rail transport, based on a sustainable economic model. 
This strategy and the guidelines contained in this performance contract are designed to: 
- 
Increase the modal share of rail by increasing rail passenger and freight traffic; 
- 
Maximize the socio-economic advantages of rail: a high level of safety, time savings, and services in 
the heart of cities, with a low environmental footprint. 
To this end, the French State and SNCF Réseau have agreed to monitor the following indicators to report on 
the overall performance expected on the national rail network: 
- 
Volume of commercial passenger train traffic; 
- 
Frequency of significant rail accidents and accidents with work stoppages; 
- 
Carbon emissions due to track dimensioning materials. 
To achieve these objectives, SNCF Réseau and the French State will jointly ensure: 
- 
The improvement of the quality of service offered to all customers; 
- 
A sustainable effort to renovate and modernize the network of approximately €2.8 billion per year 
over the 2021-2030 period; 
- 
A return to a balanced cash flow from 2024 onwards. 
This performance contract is intended to be updated every three years, starting from its entry into force. 
Performance contract of SNCF Gares & Connexions 
The performance contract entered into by SNCF Gares & Connexions on 27 April 2022 for the 2021-2026 
period is structured around four objectives: (1) quality customer service that contributes to the development of 
rail transport in a transparent and non-discriminatory manner, (2) transformation of stations to improve 
efficiency and customer satisfaction, (3) response to the new challenges of "green stations" and (4) inclusion 
of SNCF Gares & Connexions' actions in a sustainable economic model. 
The Golden rule to which SNCF Réseau is subject 
The purpose of the Golden Rule, which results from Article L.2111-10-1 of the French Code des Transports, 
decree no. 2019-1582, dated 31 December 2019 and Article 23 of the articles of association of SNCF Réseau 
set out in decree no. 2019-1587, dated 31 December 2019, is to help control the SNCF Réseau’s debt. 
Investments in the national railway network development are assessed against the ratio defined as a ratio 
between the SNCF Réseau’s Net Debt and the SNCF Réseau’s Gross Profit (the “Ratio”). If the ceiling is

--- Page 147 ---
EMEA 142007723 
147 
 
 
 
 
 
 
exceeded, development investment projects will be financed by the French State, local authorities or any 
requesting party. If the ceiling is not exceeded, development investment projects are subject to financial 
assistance by the French State, local authorities or any other requesting party, to avoid any negative 
consequences on the SNCF Réseau’s accounts at the end of the amortisation period of the contemplated 
investments. 
These funding rules and the Ratio are intended to ensure a durable and sustainable distribution of the financing 
of the rail transport system between infrastructure managers and railway companies, taking into account the 
conditions of intermodal competition. 
Article L. 2111-10-1 of the French Code des transports has been amended by the New Railway Pact. These 
new provisions give rise to two investment categories: development and renewal (modernisation now 
representing a development operation, despite laws providing for specificities). 
The provisions identify three stages in the enactment of the new rules governing the financing of SNCF Réseau 
investments: 
 
Until 1 January 2020: 
o 
The Ratio was capped at 18. Maintenance investments were governed by the performance 
contract. 
o 
As at 31 December 2018, the Ratio stood at 31.06. It has risen under the combined effects of 
the increase in the net debt repayment amount by €2,736 million and the decline in gross profit 
by €344 million.  
 
From 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2026: 
The articles of association of SNCF Réseau, approved in the decree no. 2019-1587 dated 31 December 
2019, set the level of the Ratio at 6 and the convergence terms so that the Ratio reaches the cap set in 
the articles of association no later than 31 December 2026. In addition, if the Ratio has not attained 
the cap, the financing rules for SNCF Réseau investments must comply with the following principles: 
o 
for renewal or modernisation projects, the investment level will be determined by SNCF 
Réseau so that the return on the investment is at least equal to the weighted average cost for 
SNCF Réseau after consideration of the risks specific to the investment;  
o 
SNCF Réseau cannot contribute to financial investment for development projects unless they 
involve modernisation. 
Should the Ratio comply with the cap before the set deadline, the provisions applicable as of 1 January 
2027 could be applied in advance. 
 
As of 1 January 2027: 
The rules governing the financing terms of SNCF Réseau investments will be established to control 
the debt in compliance with the cap and based on the following principles: 
o 
the investments supported by SNCF Réseau should not exceed the cap; and 
o 
for any renewal or development investment project for the French national rail network 
requested by the French State, regional authorities, or any other third party, SNCF Réseau will 
determine its contribution to the project’s financing so that the return on the investment is at 
least equal to the weighted average cost for SNCF Réseau after consideration of the risks 
specific to the investment.

--- Page 148 ---
EMEA 142007723 
148 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Debt: refers to the net financial debt, calculated in accordance with French generally accepted accounting 
principles (French GAAP), at the redemption value, excluding current unmatured interests, resulting from the 
last non-consolidated financial statements of SNCF Réseau. 
Gross Profit: refers to the gross operating profit, calculated in accordance with French generally accepted 
accounting principles (French GAAP), resulting from the last non-consolidated financial statements of SNCF 
Réseau. 
EXTERNAL CONTROL 
State control bodies 
Mission de contrôle économique et financier des transports 
Pursuant to decree n° 2019-1453 dated 24 December 2019, the financial and economic control of the French 
State over the Issuer, SNCF Réseau, SNCF Voyageurs and SNCF Gares et Connexions is exercised by the 
economic and financial inspection mission for transport (mission de contrôle économique et financier des 
transports) under the authority of the Ministers in charge of the Economy and the Budget. 
The economic and financial inspection mission for transport is responsible for informing, advising and 
controlling economic and financial matters related to the Issuer, SNCF Réseau, SNCF Voyageurs and SNCF 
Gares et Connexions. The economic and financial inspection mission can inter alia issue any advice on any 
questions and planning decisions having an impact on the financial performance of the Issuer, SNCF Réseau, 
SNCF Voyageurs and SNCF Gares et Connexions. 
 
Commissaire du gouvernement 
 
The Government Commissioner (Commissaire du gouvernement) attends the meetings of the Board of 
Directors in an advisory capacity (avec voix consultative), 
 
Comité consultatif 
 
A consultative Committee (Comité consultatif) is established within the Issuer including one député, one 
sénateur and, in particular, representatives of the authorities in charge of the organization of transportation, 
local authorities having an interest in the activities of the Issuer and associations in charge of the safeguard of 
environment. Such consultative Committee is consulted by the Issuer on the main directions (grandes 
orientations) followed by the SNCF Group.  
Independent authorities 
Cour des comptes 
The financial statements and management of the Issuer, SNCF Voyageurs and SNCF Réseau are subject to 
review by the Court of Auditors (Cour des Comptes) in accordance with Articles L. 111-4 and L. 133-1 of the 
French Code des juridictions financières. 
Transport Regulatory Authority 
The Issuer is also subject to the control and disciplinary powers of the Transport Regulatory Authority, created 
by Act no. 2009-1503 of 8 December 2009 and today codified in Articles L. 2131-1 et seq. of the French Code 
des transports.

--- Page 149 ---
EMEA 142007723 
149 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The Board of Directors 
In accordance with Article 3 of the ordonnance no. 2019-552 dated 3 June 2019 and decree 2019-1585 dated 
1 January 2020, the Issuer is managed by a board of directors of 12 members, including:  
 
seven (7) members appointed by the general meeting of the shareholders, two of which, a least, 
meeting independence criteria defined in the internal regulation of the board of directors;  
 
one (1) representative of the French State; and 
 
four (4) representatives of the employees. 
The members of the board of directors are appointed for four (4) years. 
In accordance with Article L. 2102-8 of the French Code des transports, the chairman of the board of directors 
of the Issuer has been designated among the representatives of the French State. The board of directors also 
designate a deputy chairman of the board of directors. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
The persons listed below are members of the board of directors of the Issuer as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
 
 
Names and title 
Positions 
 
Mr. Jean-Pierre Farandou 
Chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
Other positions within the Issuer 
Chief executive officer 
Positions outside the Issuer 
None 
 
Mr. Frédéric Saint-
Geours 
Deputy Chairman  
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Administrateur of:  
- Groupe Casino-Guichard-Perrachon 
- BPI FRANCE Investissement - BPI FRANCE Participations  
 
M. Alexis 
ZAJDENWEBER 
French State 
representative 
(from 15 November 
2022) 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Administrateur of:  
- Commissaire aux participations de l’Etat – Agence des participations 
de l’Etat 
- Board member, French State representative – EDF 
- Board member, French State representative – Groupe Renault 
- Board member, French State representative – BPI France 
 
Mrs. Céline Lazorthes 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None

--- Page 150 ---
EMEA 142007723 
150 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Présidente of: 
- Leetchi SA 
- SAS Celavi 
- Resilience SAS 
Administratrice of: 
- Iliad 
- NJJ Boru SAS 
- Mangopay SA 
Membre du conseil stratégique of Florac 
 
Mr. André Martinez 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Administrateur of: 
 
- Covea 
- MMA 
 
Mrs. Agnès Touraine 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Présidente of: 
- Act III Consultants (non-listed company) 
Administratrice of: 
- Proximus BV – Belgique (listed company) 
- Groupe Bruxelles Lambert – Belgique (listed company) 
- Fondation René Touraine 
- Fondaction IDIATE 
Member of the Supervisory board of: 
- Tarkett SA – France (listed company) 
- 21 Partners-France – non cotée (non-listed company) 
 
Mrs. Mélanie Joder 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
Directrice du Budget – Ministère de l’Économie, des Finances et de la 
Relance 
Censeur of BPIFRANCE  
Administratrice of: 
- France TV (French State representative)

--- Page 151 ---
EMEA 142007723 
151 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- AFPA (Etablissement public chargé de la formation professionnelle 
des adultes) 
- Opéra National de Paris 
- OFB (Office Française de la biodiversité) 
- PHILHARMONIE DE PARIS (Etablissement public de la Cité de la 
musique) 
- SOLIDEO (Société de livraison des ouvrages olympiques) 
Administratrice de droit of : 
- ANTAI (Agence nationale de traitement automatisé des infractions) 
- ANTS (Agence nationale des titres sécurités) 
 
Mrs. Christelle Jeannet 
(representative of the 
employees) 
Other positions within the Issuer 
None 
Positions outside the Issuer 
- Board member – Association Rails & histoire 
 
Mr. Bruno Lacroix 
(representative of the 
employees) 
Other positions within the Issuer 
Cadre - Equipement 
Positions outside the Issuer 
- Board member (representative of Orléans Metropole) - Orléans 
Gestion – 
 
Mr. Fabien Villedieu 
(representative of the 
employees) 
Other positions within the Issuer 
Agent de conduite 
Positions outside the Issuer 
None 
 
Mrs. Séverine Rizzi 
(representative of the 
employees) 
Other positions within the Issuer 
Personnel administratif 
Positions outside the Issuer 
None 
For the purpose hereof, the business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is the head 
office of the Issuer. 
The following institutions also attend the meeting of the board of directors in an advisory capacity (avec voie 
consultative): 
Commissaire du gouvernement  
Mr. Marc PAPINUTTI, Commissaire du Gouvernement. 
Mission de contrôle économique et financier des transports  
Mr. Philippe DUPUIS, Chief of the Mission de contrôle économique et financier des transports. 
Secrétaire du comité social et économique 
Mr. Jean-Louis Chivot, Secrétaire du comité social et économique.

--- Page 152 ---
EMEA 142007723 
152 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Secrétaire du comité central du groupe public ferroviaire 
Mrs. Céline SIMON, Secrétaire du comité central du groupe public ferroviaire. 
Executive officers 
The Chief Executive Officer is appointed for four (4) years. 
 
 
Name 
Positions 
 
Mr. Jean-Pierre Farandou 
Chief Executive Officer 
See above 
 
Laurent Trévisani 
Deputy chief executive 
officer stratégie-Finance 
Other positions within the Issuer 
 
- 
Membre du Conseil de Surveillance du GROUPE KEOLIS 
S.A.S. 
- 
Administrateur de VSC GROUPE 
- 
Membre du Comité de Surveillance de ORIENT EXPRESS 
- 
Membre du Comité Exécutif de SNCF-C6 
- 
Membre du Comité Stratégique de ECOMOBILITE 
VENTURES 
- 
Membre du Conseil de Surveillance de GEODIS SA   
- 
Director de EUROSTAR INTERNATIONAL LIMITED    
 
Positions outside the Issuer 
 
Néant 
 
Administrative Management and Supervisory Bodies: conflict of interests 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the directors' duties with 
respect to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties.  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The French State holds 100 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer. 
The New Railway Pact provides that the share capital of the Issuer is not transferable. The Issuer is not aware 
of any change in law of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Historical financial information 
The Issuer's financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December of each year. 
See also the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 153 ---
EMEA 142007723 
153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial statements 
The Issuer will publish audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim condensed 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS or, as the case may be, IAS 34. The Issuer 
will also publish audited annual individual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in France (French GAAP). 
Capital injections (Capital)  
 
As of 31 December 2022, the cumulative amount of capital injections (capital) granted by the French State 
amounted to € 1,000,000,000 in the non-consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer.  
 
In the context of the Covid-19 pandemic and of its support plan to the railway transport activities, the French 
State subscribed to a capital increase of the Issuer for an amount of EUR 4.05 billion in December 2020. The 
proceeds of such capital increase have been credited simultaneously to the French State fund dedicated to the 
railway infrastructure manager and will be transferred to SNCF Réseau in several instalments from 2021 to 
2023. EUR 1.6 billion and EUR 1.8 billion have already been paid up in 2021 and 2022 respectively. The share 
capital of the issuer remains unchanged.  
 
Additionally, the French State announced on 24 February 2023 a new plan dedicated to the railway transport 
activities for an amount of about €100 billion over the period until 2040. The exact conditions of such financing 
and the exact allocation of the proceeds among the railway transport activities remain to be determined at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into 
the ordinary course of the Issuer's business) which could result in an obligation or entitlement arising in relation 
to any SNCF Group member that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes.

--- Page 154 ---
EMEA 142007723 
154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 9 March 2023 (the “Dealer 
Agreement”), between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes will be offered by the 
Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue Notes directly on its own 
behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers and who agree to be bound by the restrictions below. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the update of the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be 
stated in the relevant subscription agreement. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers and the Arrangers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
Issuer. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or their respective affiliates may deal with and engage generally in any kind 
of commercial or investment banking or other business with any issuer of the securities taken up in an index, 
their respective affiliates or any guarantor or any other person or entities having obligations relating to any 
issuer of the securities taken up in an index or their respective affiliates or any guarantor in the same manner 
as if any index-linked Notes issued under the Programme did not exist, regardless of whether any such action 
might have an adverse effect on any issuer of the securities included in the index, any of their respective 
affiliates or any guarantor.  
Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, non-public information 
with respect to the Inflation Indices that is or may be material in the context of the Inflation Linked Notes. The 
issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons to disclose to the 
Noteholders or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect the market price, liquidity or market value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the calculation agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such 
calculation agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable 
upon redemption of the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Notes may only be sold to persons that are not U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes are bearer notes under U.S. tax law and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except

--- Page 155 ---
EMEA 142007723 
155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of an identifiable 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act, and it will have sent to each Dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of the 
Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
The expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), each 
Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation,

--- Page 156 ---
EMEA 142007723 
156 
 
 
 
 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer” in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 157 ---
EMEA 142007723 
157 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
France 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act")). Accordingly, each of 
the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and in compliance with any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in the Companies

--- Page 158 ---
EMEA 142007723 
158 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors", as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
PRC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that this Base Prospectus, the Notes, and any material or information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus relating to the Notes, have not been, and will not be 
submitted to become, approved/verified by, or registered with, any relevant government authorities under PRC 
law. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be 
offered or sold by it, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes and the remaining references to 
"PRC" in this paragraph "PRC", not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or 
Taiwan) except as permitted by the securities laws of the PRC and this Base Prospectus may not be supplied 
to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC 
directly or indirectly. The material or information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus relating to the Notes does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities by any person in the PRC. The Notes may only be offered or sold to PRC investors that are authorised 
to engage in the purchase of Notes of the type being offered or sold. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed to and with the relevant Issuer that it has not made, and will not make, 
any offers, promotions, or solicitations for sales of or for, as the case may be, any Notes in the PRC, except 
where permitted by competent authorities or where the activity otherwise is permitted under the PRC law. 
Each Dealer should ensure that the relevant PRC investors have noted or will note that they are responsible for 
informing themselves about observing all legal and regulatory restrictions, obtaining all relevant government 
regulatory approvals/licenses, verifications and/or registrations from all relevant governmental authorities 
(including but not limited to the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the China Banking Regulatory 
Commission, the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, the People's Bank of China and/or the State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange), and complying with all the applicable PRC regulations, including but 
not limited to any relevant PRC foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment regulations. 
 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that subject to the paragraph below, the offering of the Notes has not been and will not be 
registered with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authorities or 
agencies of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and may not be offered or sold in 
Taiwan through public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the 
Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan or relevant laws and regulatsions that requires a registration or filing 
with, or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authorities or 
agencies of Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorised to offer or sell the Notes in Taiwan. 
With respect to the Notes to be listed on the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Taipei Exchange Rules 
Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds, the above selling restriction 
is not applicable and following selling restriction shall apply instead: the Notes have not been, and shall not 
be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than “professional investors” as defined  
under Paragraph 1 of Article 2-1 of the Taipei Exchange Rules Governing Management of Foreign Currency 
Denominated International Bonds of Taiwan. Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the Notes except by transfer to the aforementioned professional investor.

--- Page 159 ---
EMEA 142007723 
159 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the 
offering of the Notes. 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause 
such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A 
of SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of 
the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where Notes are 
subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
where such transfer to any person arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 160 ---
EMEA 142007723 
160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
General 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus, or any other offering material, and obtain any consent, approval or permission required for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers or sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represent that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 161 ---
EMEA 142007723 
161 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
THE FOLLOWING SECTION PROVIDES AN OVERVIEW LIMITED TO INFORMATION ON 
TAXES ON THE INCOME FROM THE NOTES WITHHELD AT SOURCE IN RESPECT OF 
FRANCE AND TAIWAN. FRANCE IS AT THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS THE 
COUNTRY OF THE REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER. THIS OVERVIEW IS BASED ON 
THE LAWS IN FORCE IN FRANCE AND TAIWAN AS OF THE DATE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND AS CURRENTLY APPLIED BY THE RELEVANT TAX AUTHORITIES AND 
IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGES IN LAW OR DIFFERENT INTERPRETATION. SUCH 
INFORMATION IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE AN EXHAUSTIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE 
POTENTIAL TAX ISSUES ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES. ACCORDINGLY, ANY INVESTOR 
CONSIDERING AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES SHOULD OBTAIN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVICE ON THE TAXATION IMPLICATIONS FOR IT, IN EACH RELEVANT JURISDICTION, 
OF PURCHASING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF ANY NOTE. 
FRANCE 
 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to holders of the 
Notes who do not hold their Notes in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France 
and who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. Holders of the Notes who hold their Notes in 
connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France and/or concurrently hold shares of the 
Issuer may be impacted by other rules not described in the present section. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer with respect to Notes will 
not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts 
unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-
Cooperative State”) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts. The list of Non-Cooperative States may be amended at any time and is published by a ministerial 
executive order, which is updated, in principle, on a yearly basis. 
If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 
2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be 
applicable (subject, where relevant, to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of any 
applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other assimilated 
revenues under the Notes will not be deductible from the taxable income of the Issuer (in circumstances 
where it would otherwise be deductible), if they are paid or have accrued to persons domiciled or established 
in a Non-Cooperative State or paid into a bank account opened in a financial institution located in a Non-
Cooperative State (the “Non-Deductibility”). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest or 
other assimilated revenues may be recharacterized as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. 
of the French Code général des impôts, in which case it may be subject to the withholding tax provided under 
Article 119 bis, 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (i) the standard corporate income tax rate set 
forth in the first sentence of the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code général des impôts 
(i.e. 25% for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2022) for holders of the Notes who are non-French 
resident legal persons for French tax purposes; (ii) 12.8 per cent. for holders of the Notes who are non-French 
resident individuals for French tax purposes; or (iii) 75 per cent., if, and irrespective of the holder’s residence 
for tax purposes or registered headquarters, payments are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those

--- Page 162 ---
EMEA 142007723 
162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, where relevant, subject 
to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of the applicable double tax treaty. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax nor the Non-Deductibility or the 
withholding tax set forth under Article 119 bis, 2 of the French Code général des impôts will apply in respect 
of a particular issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that (i) the principal purpose and effect of such issue of 
Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest or other assimilated revenues to be made in a Non-
Cooperative State (the “Exception”), other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the 
French Code général des impôts when it relates to Article 119 bis, 2 of the French Code général des impôts, 
and (ii) in respect of the Non-Deductibility, that the relevant interest and other assimilated revenues relate to 
genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount.  
Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 24 February 
2021, no. 290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 14 June 2022 no. 150), an issue of Notes will be deemed to 
have a qualifying purpose and effect, and accordingly will be able to benefit from the Exception without the 
Issuer having to provide any proof of such purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if the Notes are: 
(i) offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this 
purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer 
document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) admitted, at the time of their issue, to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such 
depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A, I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other assimilated revenues 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per 
cent. withholding tax, which is an advance payment made in respect of their personal income tax is deductible 
from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social 
contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding tax at a 
global rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other assimilated revenues received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
TAIWAN 
The following summary of certain taxation provisions under Taiwan law is based on current law and practice 
and assumes that the Notes will be issued, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to professional 
investors as defined under Paragraph 1 of Article 2-1 of the Taipei Exchange Rules Governing Management 
of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds of Taiwan only. It does not purport to be 
comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax advice. Investors (particularly those subject to special tax 
rules, such as banks, dealers, insurance companies and tax-exempt entities) should consult with their own tax 
advisers regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
EMEA 142007723 
163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer of the Notes is not a Taiwanese statutory tax withholder, there is no Taiwanese withholding tax 
on the interest or deemed interest to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes. 
Payments of interest or deemed interest under the Notes to a Taiwanese individual holder are not subject to 
Taiwan income tax as such payments received by him/her are not considered to be Taiwan-sourced income. 
However, such holder must include the interest or deemed interest in calculating his/her basic income for the 
purpose of calculating his/her alternative minimum tax (“AMT”), unless the sum of the interest or deemed 
interest and other non-Taiwan-sourced income received by such holder and the person(s) who is(are) required 
to jointly file the tax return in a calendar year is below 1 million New Taiwan Dollar (“NT$”). If the amount 
of the AMT exceeds the annual income tax calculated pursuant to the Taiwan Income Basic Tax Act (also 
known as the AMT Act), the excess becomes such holder’s AMT payable. 
Taiwanese corporate holders must include the interest or deemed interest receivable under the Notes as part of 
their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate of 20 per cent. (however, Taiwanese corporate holders 
with less than NT$120,000 of taxable income in a fiscal year are exempt from corporate income tax), as they 
are subject to income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual basis. The AMT is not applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to 0.1 per cent. securities transaction tax 
(“STT”) on the transaction price. However, Article 2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act of Taiwan 
prescribes that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 
2010 to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will be exempt from STT if the sale is conducted 
on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 2027, any sale of the Notes will be subject to STT at 
0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise provided by the tax laws that may be in force at that 
time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from income tax. Accordingly, Taiwanese individual 
and corporate holders are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. 
In addition, Taiwanese individual holders are not subject to AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale 
of the Notes. However, Taiwanese corporate holders should include the capital gains in calculating their basic 
income for the purpose of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT exceeds the annual income tax 
calculated pursuant to the Taiwan Income Basic Tax Act (also known as the AMT Act), the excess becomes 
the Taiwanese corporate holders’ AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred by such holders could be 
carried over 5 years to offset against capital gains of same category of income for the purposes of calculating 
their AMT. 
Non-Taiwanese corporate holders with a fixed place of business (e.g., a branch) or a business agent in Taiwan 
are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, their fixed 
place of business or business agent should include any such capital gains in calculating their basic income for 
the purposes of calculating AMT. 
As to non-Taiwanese corporate holders without a fixed place of business and a business agent in Taiwan, they 
are not subject to income tax or AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes.

--- Page 164 ---
EMEA 142007723 
164 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
("EU MiFID II")]/[EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 165 ---
EMEA 142007723 
165 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – The Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore).] 3  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [] 
Société nationale SNCF  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500A4MXJ3ESPHK698 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 which received approval no. 23-069 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 9 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval no. [] from the AMF on []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the AMF website at www.amf-france.org. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated []] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 which received approval no. 23-069 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the “AMF”) on 9 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval no. [] from the AMF on []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]]. The 
Base Prospectus has been published on the AMF website at www.amf-france.org. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, the minimum denomination may need 
to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Société nationale SNCF 
                                                     
3  
Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore through a financial institution operating in Singapore 
and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 166 ---
EMEA 142007723 
166 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
[(a)] 
Series Number: 
[] 
[(b)] 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible). 
 
[(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
[Equivalent Currency 
[]] (Only applicable in respect of Dual Currency Notes 
or Reverse Dual Currency Notes) 
5. 
[Equivalent Calculation Amount: 
[]] (Only applicable in respect of Reverse Dual 
Currency Notes) 
6. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(a)] 
Series: 
[] 
 
[(b)] 
Tranche: 
[]] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)]. 
8. 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
9. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[]. 
(a) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[]. 
10. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate – specify date/Floating Rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to (specify a month and 
a year)] 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate.] 
[[] [month]/[year]] [EURIBOR/€STR/EUR CMS/TEC 
10/ SONIA, SOFR, SARON or TONA] [+/– [] per 
cent. Floating Rate.] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 167 ---
EMEA 142007723 
167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
(See paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below) 
12. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent./[●] per cent. of their nominal 
amount/the Final Redemption Amount linked to the 
performance of the [CPI/HICP].]  
[Dual 
Currency 
Redemption] 
[Reverse Dual Currency Redemption] 
13. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer paragraphs 16 and 17 below and 
identify there] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(See paragraph [23]/[24]/[25]/[26]/[27] below) 
15. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes.) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of Business Day]/not 
adjusted]. (N.B. This will need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupons). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
: 
[] per [] in nominal amount.

--- Page 168 ---
EMEA 142007723 
168 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Not applicable for RMB Notes) 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[] [Not Applicable]. 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Actual/365 – 
FBF] / [Actual/Actual – FBF] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
17. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
[][,subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in item (d) below//, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]. 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[] in each year, [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in item (d) 
below//, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]. 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[]. 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
Not Applicable.] 
(e) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s):  
[] 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate[s] 
of Interest is/[are] to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination.] 
(g) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates.] 
(h) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
[]

--- Page 169 ---
EMEA 142007723 
169 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
month 
[[EURIBOR]/€STR/EUR 
CMS/TEC 
10/SOFR/SONIA/SARON/TONA] 
 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[[●]/[[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s) 
(if 
SOFR)]/[London 
Banking 
Day(s) 
(if 
SONIA)]/[[Tokyo Banking Day(s) (if TONA)]/[Zurich 
Banking Day(s) (if SARON)]/[TARGET 2 Business 
Day(s) (if €STR)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
(the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR). 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[[Specify Reference Screen Page] or [Not Applicable]]  
 
 
Reference Banks: 
[[Specify four] or [Not Applicable]] 
 
[SONIA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound] 
 
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] 
 
[€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift Compound]] 
 
[TONA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Shift Compound]] 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
[Observation 
Shift 
Days 
[●] (only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR,€STR, 
TONA or SARON)] 
[[●] TARGET 2 Business Days/London Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo 
Banking Days/Zurich Banking Days] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 170 ---
EMEA 142007723 
170 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
TONA)  
[[●] TARGET 2 Business Days/London Banking 
Days/U.S. Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo 
Banking Days ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)] 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Index Average)] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Benchmark – specify if not London or Brussels, as the case 
may be.] 
 
Benchmark: 
[EURIBOR/€STR/EUR 
CMS/TEC 
10/ 
SOFR/SONIA/TONA/SARON]  
 
Representative 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable / Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount.] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable / Specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period.] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Not Applicable / Specify period for quotation if not 
duration of Interest Accrual Period.] 
(j) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Calculation Period 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
Fixing Day 
[●] 
 
Effective Date 
[●] 
 
Termination Date 
[●] 
 
Daily Capped Rate 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating 
Rate Option is an overnight rate)

--- Page 171 ---
EMEA 142007723 
171 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Daily Floored Rate 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating 
Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
 
Delayed Payment 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days)][Not Applicable] 
 
Compounding 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
OIS Compounding 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
Set in Advance 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days 
[●] 
 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [●] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) / Not Applicable] 
(k) 
FBF Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 172 ---
EMEA 142007723 
172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date 
(Date 
de 
Détermination 
du 
Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum4 
(m) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[] 
(n) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum5 
(o) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(p) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 – FBF]  
[Actual/Actual – FBF]  
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
18. 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to CPI or HICP Linked 
Interest 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(b) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
(c) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] 
(e) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(f) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 – FBF]  
[Actual/Actual – FBF]  
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
                                                     
4  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
5  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 173 ---
EMEA 142007723 
173 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]6 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
20. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange 
[[●]/As per Conditions] 
(ii) 
FX Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
(iii) 
FX Relevant Time: 
[] 
(iv) 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
21. 
Reverse 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange: 
[[]/As per Conditions] 
(ii) 
FX Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
(iii) 
FX Relevant Time: 
[] 
                                                     
6  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 174 ---
EMEA 142007723 
174 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
[Notice periods for Condition 5.3 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
23. 
Make-whole Redemption  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
(c) 
Make-whole Margin: 
[] 
(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[(As per Conditions] / [●]/ specify method of selection] 
(e) 
Make-whole 
Calculation 
Agent: 
[] 
(f) 
Quotation Agent: 
[●] 
(g) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
24. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.)

--- Page 175 ---
EMEA 142007723 
175 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
(Delete bracketed text in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes) 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
25. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[[80]/ []] per cent.  
(any percentage other than 80 per cent. shall be higher 
than 80 per cent.) 
(b) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
26. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Call Option Date 
[]

--- Page 176 ---
EMEA 142007723 
176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
27. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable.] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): [] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]  
(c) 
[Notice periods: 
Minimum period of Notice: 
[] days 
Maximum period of Notice: 
[] days] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for 
a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
28. 
Details relating to Notes redeemable 
by Instalments 
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
(a)  
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
(b)  
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
(c)  
Minimum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[] 
(d)  
Maximum 
Instalment 
Amount: 
[] 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination]/[As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes]] 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions 
relating to the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP]

--- Page 177 ---
EMEA 142007723 
177 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 5.1(c) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
 
30. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or an event of 
default: 
[] per Note [of [] Specified Denomination] 
(b) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons permitted on days 
other than Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[Yes/No.] 
(c) 
Unmatured 
Coupons 
to 
become 
void 
upon 
early 
redemption: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable.] 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Notes – 
Provisions relating to the 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Condition 5.2(b) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: []) 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
31. 
Dual Currency Redemption Provisions [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
EMEA 142007723 
178 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange: 
[[●]/As per Conditions] 
(ii) 
FX Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[] 
(iii) 
FX Relevant 
Time: 
[] 
(iv) 
FX 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
principal due (if not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
32. 
Reverse Dual Currency Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange: 
[[●]/As per Conditions] 
(ii) 
FX Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[] 
(iii) 
FX Relevant 
Time: 
[] 
(iv) 
FX 
Determination Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
principal due (if not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
[]

--- Page 179 ---
EMEA 142007723 
179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
33. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and may only be issued 
outside France).  
[Delete as appropriate] 
(a) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/specify whether bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur)/administered registered dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif 
administré)/fully 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
(b) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [if applicable give name and 
details] (note that a registration agent must be appointed 
in relation to fully registered dematerialised Notes only) 
(c) 
Temporary Global Certificate: [Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
(d) 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No.] 
(e) 
Applicable 
TEFRA 
exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
34. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest to which sub-paragraph 17(e) relates.] 
35. 
[Representation of the Noteholders: 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[] (specify name and address) 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[] (specify name and address) 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
of 
Representative: 
[] (if applicable, specify the amount and payment date) 
(iv) 
Website 
where 
the 
Noteholders can freely access to the 
contracts relating to the Masse: 
[]] 
36. 
Redenomination 
Redenomination [Not] Applicable

--- Page 180 ---
EMEA 142007723 
180 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the Euro 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Société 
nationale SNCF. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Société nationale SNCF: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 181 ---
EMEA 142007723 
181 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of [Euronext Paris S.A./the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify relevant other 
regulated market] and to listing on [Euronext Paris 
S.A./the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/specify relevant other listing venue] with 
effect from [].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of [Euronext Paris S.A./the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify relevant other 
regulated market] and to listing on [Euronext Paris 
S.A./the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/ specify relevant other listing venue] with 
effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
[The Notes of Series [] Tranche [] were admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Paris S.A./the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify 
relevant other regulated market] and to listing on 
[Euronext Paris S.A./the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/specify relevant other 
listing venue] with effect from []]. (Note – this 
wording is only applicable to Notes which are to be 
consolidated with an existing Series of Notes.)  
[Application will be made by the Issuer to the Taipei 
Exchange in Taiwan (the TPEx) for the listing of the 
Notes on and for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the TPEx, with effect from the Issue Date. 
TPEx is not responsible for the content of this 
document and the Base Prospectus and no 
representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy or 
completeness of this document and the Base 
Prospectus. TPEx expressly disclaims any and all 
liability for any losses arising from, or as a result of 
the reliance on, all or part of the contents of this 
document and the Base Prospectus. Admission to the 
listing and trading of the Notes on the TPEx shall not 
be taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer 
or the Notes. The effective date of the listing of the 
Notes is on or about the Issue Date.] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[]

--- Page 182 ---
EMEA 142007723 
182 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated [●] by [S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited/ Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited/ Moody's France SAS/[others]]. 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, although the result of such applications has not 
been determined.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs).] 
[[Each of [●],[●] and] [●] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), 
but is endorsed by [insert credit rating agency's name] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority’s website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs).]. 
[[None of [] and] [] is [not] established in the European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a 
credit agency which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of[insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
- Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]

--- Page 183 ---
EMEA 142007723 
183 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[]/ [The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer to finance its general 
activities] / [the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance investments in one or 
more of the Eligible Green Projects (see Use of 
Proceeds wording in the Base Prospectus).] 
[] (if applicable, describe specific Eligible Green 
Projectss and/or availability of third party opinions 
and/or where information can be obtained, etc…) 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details here.) 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds]: 
[] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY) 
 [Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS/€STR/TEC 10/replicate other rates as specified in the 
Conditions] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/ Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance].] 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [] which is provided by []. As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
[[INFLATION-LINKED NOTES ONLY—PERFORMANCE OF INDEX, [EXPLANATION 
OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS] AND OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be 
obtained, [and a clear and comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of 
their investment is affected by the value of the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are 
most evident].

--- Page 184 ---
EMEA 142007723 
184 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Need to include the name of the Inflation Index and an indication of where to obtain information 
about the Inflation Index].  
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [] which is provided by []. As 
at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that [] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or 
Eurostat, as the case may be, and the INSEE and Eurostat make no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation 
Indices and/or the figure at which such indices stand at any particular time. The Inflation Indices are 
determined, composed and calculated by the INSEE and Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard 
to the Issuer or the Notes. Neither the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, is responsible for or has 
participated in the determination of the timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes 
to be issued or in determination or calculation of the interest payable under such Notes. Neither the 
INSEE nor Eurostat has any obligation or liability in connection with the administration, marketing or 
trading of the Notes. The INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, has no responsibility for any 
calculation agency adjustment made for the indices.] 
[When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation].  
[The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.] 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON 
VALUE OF INVESTMENT (DUAL CURRENCY NOTES / REVERSE DUAL CURRENCY 
NOTES ONLY) 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant rates can 
be obtained.] 
 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[]. 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[]. 
(iii) 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream: 
[Yes/No] 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s).]

--- Page 185 ---
EMEA 142007723 
185 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[] 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying 
Agent(s), 
Make-whole 
Calculation Agent, Quotation Agent 
(if any): 
[] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(ix) 
[Taiwan Selling Restrictions: 
 
The Notes have not been, and shall not be, offered, 
sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors 
other than “professional investors” as defined under 
Paragraph 1 of Article 2-1 of the Taipei Exchange 
Rules Governing Management of Foreign Currency 
Denominated International Bonds of Taiwan. 
Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Notes except by transfer to 
an aforementioned professional investor.]7  
                                                     
7 L&L: To be included for issue of Formosa Notes only.

--- Page 186 ---
EMEA 142007723 
186 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
TAIWAN SETTLEMENT AND TRADING 
 
Initial subscription of the Notes by investors will be settled directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. In order to purchase the Notes, an investor must have an account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and settle the Notes through such account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. For any 
Taiwanese investor having its/his/her own account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
distributions of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such holders will be made to its/his/her own account 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
As of the date of this Final Terms, the Issuer has not entered into any settlement agreement with the Taiwan 
Depository & Clearing Corporation (“TDCC”) and has no intention to do so. In the future, if the Issuer enters 
into a settlement agreement with TDCC, an investor, if it/he/she has a securities book-entry account with a 
Taiwan securities broker and a foreign currency deposit account with a Taiwan bank, may settle the Notes 
through the account of TDCC with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if it/he/she applies to TDCC (by 
filing in a prescribed form) to transfer the Notes in its/his/her own account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to such TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg for trading in the domestic 
market or vice versa for trading in overseas markets. For settlement through TDCC, TDCC will allocate the 
respective Notes position to the securities book-entry account designated by such investor in Taiwan. The 
Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to the applicable rules and operating procedures of TDCC and the 
TPEx as domestic bonds. For such investors who hold their interest in the Notes through an account opened 
and held by TDCC with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, distributions of principal and/or interest for 
the Notes to such holders may be made by payment services banks whose systems are connected to TDCC to 
the foreign currency deposit accounts of the holders.  Such payment is expected to be made on the second 
Taiwanese business day following TDCC’s receipt of such payment (due to time difference, the payment is 
expected to be received by TDCC one Taiwanese business day after the distribution date). However, when the 
holders will actually receive such distributions may vary depending upon the daily operations of the Taiwan 
banks with which the holder has the foreign currency deposit account.] (to be included for issue of Formosa 
Notes only)

--- Page 187 ---
EMEA 142007723 
187 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Clearing Systems 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) and 
accepted for clearance through Euroclear France. Materialised Notes may not be issued in France and may not 
be held in a clearing system located in France. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream clearing systems. 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) for each Series will be 
contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. The applicable Final Terms shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information.  
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Consents and Authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in France in connection with the 
issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and pursuant to the French Code monetaire et 
financier. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor of the quality of the 
Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake 
or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information incorporated by reference) 
in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes, this Base Prospectus must be completed 
by a supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. On 9 March 2024, this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base 
Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme (i) to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
S.A.and/or (ii) to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) on any other Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. Euronext Paris S.A. and the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange are regulated markets for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
 
Programme Size 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for (i) the listing and admission to trading of 
Notes on Euronext Paris S.A. and/or (ii) the listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the admission to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) on any other 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be, for which application for listing and 
admission to trading has been made, in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate

--- Page 188 ---
EMEA 142007723 
188 
 
 
 
 
 
 
nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does 
not exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
Ratings 
The Issuer's long term debt has been rated AA- with negative outlook by S&P, Aa3 with stable outlook by 
Moody's and AA- with negative outlook by Fitch. The Programme is rated AA- by S&P, Aa3 by Moody's and 
AA- by Fitch. S&P, Moody's and Fitch are each a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. S&P, Moody's and Fitch are included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by S&P, 
Moody's and Fitch are endorsed by credit rating agencies established in the UK and registered under UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, since 31 December 2022, the last day of the financial period in 
respect of which the most recent audited financial statements of the Issuer (formerly SNCF Mobilités) have 
been published, there has been (i) no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
the Issuer or the SNCF Group and (ii) no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) against or 
affecting the Issuer and/or the Group, during the twelve months prior to the date of this document which may 
have, or have had in the recent past significant effects, on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
and/or the SNCF Group. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young Audit, the statutory auditors of the Issuer for the 2021 and 
2022 financial years, have audited the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as 
of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Ernst & Young Audit are registered with the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles, which complies with the rules issued by the Compagnie Nationale 
des Commissaires aux Comptes. 
U.S. Tax Wording 
Each Temporary Global Certificate will bear the following legend:  
“NEITHER THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE NOR THE NOTES EVIDENCED BY IT HAVE BEEN 
OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF NOR ANY 
SUCH NOTES MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.” 
Each Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon issued in compliance with the D Rules will bear the 
following legend:  
“ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS NOTE WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 
1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”

--- Page 189 ---
EMEA 142007723 
189 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Documents available 
The 
following 
documents 
can 
be 
inspected 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-sncf): 
(i) 
the latest constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
copies of this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference and any 
supplements to this Base Prospectus); and 
(iii) 
copies of any Final Terms (https://www.sncf.com/fr/groupe/finance/publications-financieres-
sncf),  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its respective affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to the underlying, except if required by any applicable legislation and regulation. 
Legal Entity Identifier

--- Page 190 ---
EMEA 142007723 
190 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500A4MXJ3ESPHK698. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, in this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
all references to: 
 
“€”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
 
“U.S. dollars”, “US$” and “$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
 
“Sterling” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom;  
 
“RMB" or "Renminbi" are to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China ("PRC") with the exclusion of the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong 
and Macau; and 
 
A “day” are to a calendar day.

--- Page 191 ---
EMEA 142007723 
191 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and the Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
The consolidated financial statements of Société nationale SNCF for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 
the consolidated financial statements of Société nationale SNCF for the year ended 31 December 2021 were 
audited by the statutory auditors who issued audit reports which are reproduced on pages 298 to 307 of the 
2022 Issuer French Financial Report and on pages 260-269 of the 2021 Issuer French Financial Report. These 
reports contain qualifications. 
Qualification of the auditors on the 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements: 
“As stated in Notes 4.4.1 and 4.4.3.3 to the consolidated financial statements concerning impairment testing 
of the assets of the Infrastructure cash-generating unit (the “Infrastructure CGU”), the sharp rise in inflation 
significantly impacted operating expenses and the Infrastructure CGU’s investment spending with regard to 
the financial trajectory defined in the 2021-2030 performance agreement signed between the Infrastructure 
CGU and the French State in April 2022.  
This context constituted an indication of impairment and led SNCF Réseau to carry out another impairment 
test at 31 December 2022 based on a similar methodology to that used during the previous test carried out at 
31 December 2021.  
This new test did not result in the recognition of any additional impairment against the Infrastructure CGU’s 
assets. The balance in the negotiations between the French State and SNCF Réseau underlying the financial 
trajectory used in the test remains based on the assumption that (i) SNCF Réseau will achieve its productivity 
goals and (ii) the French State will effectively implement all means and make all commitments necessary to 
support the recoverable amounts of the Infrastructure CGU’s assets. This is illustrated, in particular, by the 
recapitalising of Société Nationale SNCF at the end of 2020 and the subsequent dividend distribution made to 
the support fund (fonds de concours) and intended to contribute to the financing of infrastructure investments.  
The cash flow forecasts used for the impairment test were based on the financial trajectory set out in the 2021-
2030 performance agreement adjusted in light of the 2023 budget approved by SNCF Réseau's Board of 
Directors on 14 December 2022 and the estimated impact of inflation to date for 2024 and thereafter. These 
cash flow forecasts comprised (i) cash inflows (infrastructure fees, investment subsidies) mainly arising from 
commitments received from the French State, (ii) operating expenses (particularly installation work and 
maintenance), net of productivity gains, and (iii) capital investment, particularly in network renovations.  
The assumptions underlying these projections remain subject to major risks and uncertainties accentuated by 
the current evolving and uncertain economic context, particularly due to difficulties in forecasting the level of 
inflation in the medium and long term: 
• 
The forecasts used in the impairment test carried out on the Infrastructure CGU at 31 December 2022 
are based on the 2021-2030 performance agreement signed with the French State in April 2022 and 
adjusted in light of the 2023 budget and the estimated impact of inflation to date for 2024 and 
thereafter. Certain assumptions, in particular those based on a decision by or agreement with the 
French State or those linked to the economic environment, are likely to change over time and in the 
context of the revision of the strategic plan which should take place in the coming months. 
• 
The toll fee projections are based in particular on: 
○ 
Traffic trajectories and competition assumptions that are still uncertain, particularly in view 
of changes in travellers’ behaviour and the economic environment. 
○ 
Certain pricing assumptions are submitted to the French transport authority (ART) for an 
opinion. Toll rate indexing remains aligned with the ART's opinion dated 9 February 2021

--- Page 192 ---
EMEA 142007723 
192 
 
 
 
 
 
 
for 2023 and SNCF Réseau’s 2024-2026 draft Registration Document subject to the ART's 
opinion and then maintained at 3.6% thereafter.  
• 
The investment subsidies allocated to renovation work and financed through the support fund are 
based on the payment by the French State to SNCF Réseau of: 
○ 
€4.05 billion paid in December 2020 to the support fund by Société Nationale SNCF 
subsequent to its recapitalisation by the French State, of which €3.4 billion was paid to SNCF 
Réseau at the end of 2022.  
○ 
Dividends to be received from Société Nationale SNCF, the estimation of which is based on 
Société Nationale SNCF's capacity to make distributions in the abovementioned context. 
• 
2030 was maintained by SNCF Réseau as the standard final year for the railway network currently in 
service, considering that 2030 will correspond to the year in which the network will be stabilised at 
expected performance levels. This unprecedented target performance level in 2030 is based on the 
regeneration investment trajectory set out in the performance agreement and adjusted for inflation. 
Terminal value therefore represents the essential factor in measuring the recoverable amount. 
• 
The measures concerning the future pension scheme and, more broadly, the new social framework 
resulting from the rail industry agreements were still under negotiation at the reporting date and may 
consequently affect the projected future performance. 
These major risks and uncertainties, the impact of which should be assessed in conjunction with the discount 
rate used, weigh on the discounted future cash flow forecasts used to measure the Infrastructure CGU’s 
property, plant and equipment, and intangible and right-of-use assets as presented in the Company’s statement 
of financial position at 31 December 2022. Consequently, the amount of the related impairment loss could be 
underestimated. These projections are also used to assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets and 
therefore to determine their amount in the statement of financial position. The amount of deferred tax assets 
in the statement of financial position may be overestimated. 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the projections used and are therefore unable to express 
an opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned which, at 31 December 2022, amounted to €34.1 
billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment, and intangible and right-of-use assets, 
and €4.4 billion for deferred tax assets. 
In our report dated 25 February 2022 on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2021, we also expressed a qualified opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned, which amounted 
to €33.2 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and 
€4.6 billion for deferred tax assets.” 
Qualification of the auditors on the 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements: 
“As stated in Notes 4.4.1 and 4.4.3.3 to the consolidated financial statements concerning impairment testing 
of the assets of the Infrastructure cash-generating unit (the “Infrastructure CGU”), the health crisis that 
began in 2020 and is still ongoing today continued to impact the Infrastructure CGU’s revenue and business 
outlook. It is in this context that SNCF Réseau drew up its new strategic plan and finalised the draft 2021-
2030 performance contract with the French State.  
This context constituted an indication of impairment and led SNCF Réseau to carry out another impairment 
test at 31 December 2021 based on a similar methodology to that used during the previous test carried out at 
31 December 2020.  
This new test did not result in the recognition of any additional impairment against the Infrastructure CGU’s 
assets. The balance in the negotiations between the French State and SNCF Réseau underlying the financial 
trajectory used in the test remains based on the assumption that (i) SNCF Réseau will achieve its productivity

--- Page 193 ---
EMEA 142007723 
193 
 
 
 
 
 
 
goals and (ii) the French State will effectively implement all means and make all commitments necessary to 
support the recoverable amounts of the Infrastructure CGU’s assets in the context of the ongoing health crisis 
and the gradual business recovery. This is reflected, in particular, in the recapitalising of Société Nationale 
SNCF at the end of 2020 and the subsequent dividend distribution made to the support fund (fonds de concours) 
and intended to contribute to the financing of infrastructure investments.  
The cash flow forecasts used for the impairment test were based on the financial trajectory set out in the 2021-
2030 performance contract. It is based on SNCF Réseau's 2021-2030 strategic plan prepared as part of the 
SNCF Group's strategic plan adopted by the SNCF Board of Directors on 29 July 2021, and revised at the 
French State's request as reflected in the new 2021-2030 performance contract. These cash flow forecasts 
comprised (i) cash inflows (infrastructure fees, investment subsidies) mainly arising from commitments 
received from the French State, (ii) operating expenses (particularly installation work and maintenance), net 
of productivity gains, and (iii) capital investment, particularly in network renovations.  
The assumptions underlying these projections remain subject to major risks and uncertainties accentuated by 
the current health crisis: 
• 
The forecasts used in the impairment test carried out on the Infrastructure CGU at 31 December 2021 
are based on the 2021-2030 performance contract approved by SNCF Réseau's Board of Directors on 
4 November 2021 and currently pending signature by the French State. Certain assumptions, 
particularly those which rely on a decision by the French State or are linked to the health situation, 
may change over time. 
• 
The infrastructure fee projections are based in particular on: 
○ 
Traffic trajectories revised by Group SNCF carriers and competition assumptions updated by 
SNCF Réseau. These forecasts remain subject to uncertainties, particularly given the 
potentially lasting impacts of the health crisis on the economy and travellers’ behaviour. 
○ 
Certain pricing assumptions are submitted to the French transport authority (ART) for an 
opinion. Toll rate indexing was aligned with the ART's opinion dated 9 February 2021 for the 
years 2022 and 2023 and then maintained at 3.6% thereafter. The increase in the pricing 
indexation rates for the contractual activities used in the test for the years following 2023, 
which should be subject to the ART's opinion, cannot be confirmed at present. 
• 
The investment subsidies allocated to renovation work and financed through the support fund are 
based on the payment by the French State to SNCF Réseau of: 
○ 
€4.05 billion paid in December 2020 to the support fund by Société Nationale SNCF 
subsequent to its recapitalisation by the French State, of which €1.6 billion was paid to SNCF 
Réseau in 2021.  
○ 
Dividends to be received from Société Nationale SNCF, the estimation of which is based on 
(i) the disposal of assets for €390 million and on (ii) Société Nationale SNCF’s capacity to 
make distributions, as updated based on the SNCF Group’s new strategic plan, for the rest. 
• 
2030 was maintained by SNCF Réseau as the standard final year for the railway network currently in 
service, considering that 2030 will correspond to the year in which the network will be stabilised at 
expected performance levels, although these levels have never previously been attained. Terminal 
value therefore represents the essential factor in measuring the recoverable amount. 
• 
The measures concerning the future pension scheme and, more broadly, the new social framework 
resulting from the rail industry agreements were still under negotiation at the reporting date and may 
consequently affect the projected future performance.

--- Page 194 ---
EMEA 142007723 
194 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These major risks and uncertainties, the impact of which should be assessed in conjunction with the discount 
rate used, weigh on the discounted future cash flow forecasts used to measure the Infrastructure CGU’s 
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets as presented in the Company’s statement of financial 
position at 31 December 2021. Consequently, the amount of the related impairment loss could be 
underestimated. These projections are also used to assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets and 
therefore to determine their amount in the statement of financial position. The amount of deferred tax assets 
in the statement of financial position may be overestimated. 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the projections used and are therefore unable to express 
an opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned which, at 31 December 2021, amounted to €33.2 
billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and €4.6 
billion for deferred tax assets. 
In our report dated 26 February 2021 on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020, we also expressed a qualified opinion on the carrying amount of the assets concerned, which 
amounted to €32.9 billion (excluding work-in-progress) for property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets, and €4.6 billion for deferred tax assets.” 
The annual individual financial statements of Société nationale SNCF for the year ended 31 December 2022 
and the annual individual financial statements of Société nationale SNCF for the year ended 
31 December 2021 were audited by the statutory auditors who issued an audit report which is reproduced on 
pages 351 to 357 of the 2022 Issuer French Financial Report and on pages 312-318 of the 2021 Issuer French 
Financial Report. These reports contains qualifications: 
Qualification of the auditors on the 2022 Individual Annual Financial Statements: 
 “As stated in Notes 6.4 and 28 to the financial statements, the financial assets presented in the Company’s 
balance sheet include the securities of SNCF Réseau. The carrying amount of the securities was €8.2 billion 
at 31 December 2022. 
The consolidated financial statements of the SNCF Réseau at 31 December 2022, with equity at €18.8 billion, 
include property, plant and equipment, and intangible and right-of-use assets relating to the Infrastructure 
CGU and deferred tax assets for carrying amounts of €34.1 billion and €2.8 billion, respectively. Major risks 
and uncertainties weigh on the earnings forecasts and future cash flow projections used to measure the 
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of the Infrastructure CGU as well as deferred tax assets 
as presented in the consolidated balance sheet of SNCF Réseau at 31 December 2022. Consequently, the 
amount of the related impairment loss could be underestimated, which would reduce the consolidated net 
assets of SNCF Réseau at 31 December 2022 (on the basis of which the securities are measured) by the same 
amount.  
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the inputs used by the Company to assess the fair value 
of SNCF Réseau securities at 31 December 2022. 
In our report of 25 February 2022 on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021, we also 
expressed a qualified opinion on the measurement of SNCF Réseau shares, which amounted to €8.2 billion 
net.”  
Qualification of the auditors on the 2021 Individual Annual Financial Statements: 
 
“As stated in Notes 6.4 and 28 to the financial statements, the financial assets presented in the Company’s 
balance sheet include the securities of SNCF Réseau. The carrying amount of the securities was €8.2 billion 
at 31 December 2021. 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the SNCF Réseau sub-group at 31 December 2021, with equity at 
€7.8 billion, include property, plant and equipment and intangible assets relating to the Infrastructure CGU

--- Page 195 ---
EMEA 142007723 
195 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and deferred tax assets for carrying amounts of €33.2 billion and €2.8 billion, respectively. Major risks and 
uncertainties, exacerbated by the current health situation, weigh on the earnings forecasts and future cash 
flow projections used to measure the property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of the Infrastructure 
CGU as well as deferred tax assets as presented in the balance sheet of the SNCF Réseau sub-group at 31 
December 2021. Consequently, the amount of the related impairment loss could be underestimated, which 
would reduce the net assets of the SNCF Réseau sub-group at 31 December 2021 (on the basis of which the 
securities are measured) by the same amount.  
 
As a result, we are unable to assess the pertinence of the inputs used by the Company to assess the fair value 
of the SNCF Réseau securities. 
 
In our report of 26 February 2021 on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, we also 
expressed a qualified opinion on the measurement of SNCF Réseau shares, which amounted to €7.1 billion.”

--- Page 196 ---
EMEA 142007723 
196 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Saint Denis, 9 March 2023 
 
Société nationale SNCF  
2, place aux Etoiles 
93200 Saint Denis 
France 
 
Duly represented by: 
Laurent Trévisani 
 
 
Directeur Général Délégué Stratégie-Finances 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF approves this Base Prospectus having verified that the 
information contained in it is complete, coherent and comprehensible as provided under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a recommendation regarding the Issuer or the quality of the securities forming the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors are invited to carry out their own assessment regarding a potential investment 
in the relevant securities.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 9 March 2023 and is valid until 9 March 2024 and must during 
such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. 
The approval number applicable to this Base Prospectus is 23-069.

--- Page 197 ---
EMEA 142007723 
197 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Société nationale SNCF  
2, place aux Etoiles 
93200 Saint Denis 
France 
ARRANGER 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Santander S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, planta baja 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland DO2RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 Wharf 
60323 Frankfurt am Main Wharf 
Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 198 ---
EMEA 142007723 
198 
 
 
 
 
 
 
La Banque Postale 
115 Rue de Sèvres  
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Natixis 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, 
Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB 
FRENCH PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young Audit 
1-2, place des Saisons 
92037 Paris la Défense Cedex 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-seine 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris  
France  
To the Dealers as to French Law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 Rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France