--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 JUNE 2023 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
a bank in the form of a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B 6061  
(acting as issuer of the Notes in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trusts and 
fiduciary contracts, as amended) 
as Fiduciary  
(incorporated in Luxembourg) 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
as Guarantor 
(incorporated in France) 
(in respect of Secured Notes) 
Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme 
For guidance on using this Base Prospectus and navigating between the different sections hereof, please refer to the "Base 
Prospectus - User Guide" section of this Base Prospectus (which is intended to assist investors in their review of this Base 
Prospectus but which should nevertheless be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Base Prospectus). 
Under the Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme (the Programme), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (the Fiduciary) may from time 
to time issue Notes, being either secured Notes or repack Notes (Secured Notes or Repack Notes) (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), denominated in any currency agreed by the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s) (as defined below) on 
a fiduciary basis in its own name but at the sole risk and for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the Notes pursuant to the 
Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended.  
Payments in respect of Secured Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe Generale (the Guarantor). 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Guarantor" and the "Guarantee" shall only apply in respect of Secured Notes and shall be 
ignored in respect of Repack Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) which 
is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor 
and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic 
and financial soundness of the Notes issued under the Programme or the quality or solvency of the Fiduciary, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019, as amended. Such approval does 
not extend to money market instruments (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) having a maturity of less than one year or to Notes 
(which are not non-exempt offer Notes) to be admitted to trading on the EuroMTF (as defined below).  
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus (with the exception of links to the electronic addresses where 
information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 June 2023, it replaces the previous one dated 17 June 2022 and is valid until 
16 June 2024 and must during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. The obligation to 
supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review body under the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance with 
article 54(2) of the FinSA. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to Notes 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
(ii) the multilateral trading facility Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the EuroMTF). The regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU 
of 15 May 2014, as amended, MiFID II) (a Regulated Market).  
 
The EuroMTF is not a Regulated Market and accordingly the CSSF is not the competent authority for the approval of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Notes issued under the Programme which are admitted to trading on the EuroMTF, but the EuroMTF 
is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus 
pertaining to Notes admitted to trading on the EuroMTF. The CSSF therefore assumes no responsibility in relation to the issues 
of Notes admitted to trading on the EuroMTF.  
 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other 
Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA and/or be the subject of a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA. The 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading 
on any market and/or be the subject of a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market.  
 
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the 
Notes has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA). No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" 
of the Fiduciary under the CEA and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and the Fiduciary has not and will not be 
registered as an investment company under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder (the Investment Company Act). The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder (Regulation S). 
  
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an "offshore transaction" (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not (i) a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S 
U.S. Person) unless the applicable Final Terms specify that a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (IRS U.S. Person) is also applicable, or (ii) if in the case of SGI Index Linked Notes, Advised SGI Index is 
applicable or if in the case of Portfolio Linked Notes, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. 
Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; and (b) 
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person); and (c) is not a U.S. Person for purposes of the final rules 
implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account as described herein, a Permitted 
Transferee). The Notes are available only to Permitted Transferees.  
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes which are 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which (except in the case of Exempt Offer Notes or Notes that are offered in Switzerland under no local prospectus 
obligation (all as defined in the section entitled "General Terms and Conditions")) will be filed with the CSSF. THE SECURITIES 
OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY UNITED STATES 
FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.  
 
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Section 871(m) Regulations) 
generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid (within the meaning of the relevant Section 
871(m) Regulations) to a non-United States holder (a Non-U.S. Holder) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. 
equities or indices that include U.S. equities (U.S. Underlying Equities). Specifically, and subject to special rules from 2017 through 
2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Notes issued on or after 1 January 
2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the Fiduciary 
(or Guarantor) on the date for such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Fiduciary (or Guarantor) 
based on tests in accordance with the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Notes are deemed 
"delta-one" instruments) (the Specified Notes). A Note linked to U.S. Underlying Equities which the Fiduciary (or Guarantor) has 
determined not to be a Specified Note will not be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m) Regulations. Investors are advised 
that the Fiduciary's (or Guarantor’s) determination is binding on all Non-U.S. Holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the United 
States Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) and the IRS may therefore disagree with the Fiduciary’s determination.  
 
The U.S. tax treatment of ownership of a Repack Note is unclear. Solely for U.S. tax purposes, a holder of the Repack Notes will be 
treated as the owner of any specified bonds that collateralised the Repack Notes. In addition, the holder will be treated as directly 
facing the Guarantor on any swaps or other derivatives held by the Fiduciary to hedge its exposure on the notes (the Hedge). As a 
consequence of this treatment, to the extent the specified bonds pay U.S.-source interest income, a holder must provide certain U.S. 
tax documentation to the Fiduciary to receive such income free from U.S. withholding tax. In addition, to the extent the Hedge 
substantially replicates the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the Fiduciary (or 
Guarantor), a Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m) as described above. The Fiduciary, Guarantor

--- Page 3 ---
3 
and holder agree to this treatment, but investors are advised that the IRS is not bound by this treatment and may therefore disagree 
with it.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Notes are Specified Notes, and, if so, whether the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, or a 
withholding agent will withhold tax under Section 871(m) Regulations and the rate of the withholding tax. Investors should note that if 
the Fiduciary or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Fiduciary nor the withholding agent will be 
required to gross up any amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Note. Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding 
the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their investment in the Notes.  
 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction in which the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to consult their own tax adviser on the tax impacts 
of the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. The requirement to pay such taxes may reduce the 
effective yield on the Notes and may also have an adverse impact on their value. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
IMPORTANT –  EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes state "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as Applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
 
IMPORTANT –  UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes state "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", as Applicable, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance/ target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger or the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled UK MiFIR 
Product Governance which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.   
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, in connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Fiduciary has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 
capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
 
     
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Societe Generale

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Table of Contents 
 
Section 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................................... 6 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................................ 13 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE ............................................................................................................................................ 33 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 39 
REGULATORY INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................................... 50 
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT ....................................................................................................................................................... 56 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES .............................................................. 58 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................................................... 62 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................................ 71 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................................................. 72 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................................... 73 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.......................................................................................................... 160 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE .............................................................................. 277 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES .............................................................................. 420 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED 
NOTES ............................................................................................................................................................................................. 427 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES ............................................................................ 435 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES ..................................................................... 439 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES ....................................................... 447 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED NOTES ..................................... 448 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES ................................................................ 451 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES .............................................................................. 469 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES .......................................................................... 481 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES ................................................................... 537 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF LINKED NOTES .......................... 540 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED NOTES ............................................ 549 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES ......................................................................... 551 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES ................................................................... 556 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED NOTES ..................................................................... 593 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES .................................................. 606 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES..................................................................... 609 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ............................................................................................................................................................... 611 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE .................................................................................................................................. 613 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. ............................................................................................. 617 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”) .................................................................................... 619 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES .............................................. 621 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS .......................... 623 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................................... 624 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ...................................................................................................... 626 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................................................... 636

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
6 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche of  Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the section headed "General Terms and Conditions"  shall have the same meanings in this general 
description. 
 
Hyperlinks of websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are exclusively for information purposes and must not be regarded as part 
of the Base Prospectus itself, unless the information to which they refer is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  
 
1.    PARTIES TO THE PROGRAMME 
 
Fiduciary 
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., acting in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust 
and fiduciary contracts, as amended. 
 
Fiduciary Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): TPS0Q8GFSZF45ZZFL873  
 
Guarantor (where “Types of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes” in the applicable Final Terms) 
 
Societe Generale  
 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 
 
Arranger  
 
Societe Generale 
 
Dealers 
 
Societe Generale and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with a programme agreement to be entered into by the Fiduciary. 
 
Calculation Agent and Note Valuation Agent 
 
Societe Generale 
 
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch  
 
LuxCSD Principal Agent 
 
The Fiduciary may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain a LuxCSD principal agent or similar agent as required by the applicable 
Settlement Organisation (the LuxCSD Principal Agent) in any relevant jurisdiction in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities 
Law, all as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Paying Agents 
 
The Principal Paying Agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch and/or any such additional or successor 
paying agent appointed in accordance with General Condition 11. 
 
In respect of Bearer SIS Notes and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, Societe  Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch shall act as 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent, together with further additional Swiss Paying Agents which may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Collateral Custodian 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
 
Collateral Agent 
 
Societe Generale 
 
Collateral Monitoring Agent

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
7 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
  
2.      DESCRIPTION 
 
Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme 
 
3.       METHOD OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
Notes may be distributed to qualified investors and/or non-qualified investors, and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
 
Notes may be issued directly to the Noteholders at a fixed offer price (which may be increased by such fees, if any, as disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Alternatively, the Notes may be offered at a price as specified in the applicable Final Terms which: 
 
(a)    will be the Issue Price or the Issue Price up to a maximum of a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, represented 
by a distribution fee payable upfront by the Fiduciary to the distributors; or 
 
(b)    will be the market price which will be determined by the Dealer on a daily basis (and, as the case may be, in accordance with 
market conditions then prevailing including the current market price of the Underlying(s)); and/or will evolve between the Issue Date 
and the last day of the Offer Period on a linear basis in such way equal to a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
last day of the Offer Period and will be provided by the Dealer to any Noteholder upon request; or 
 
(c)    will be fully subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter offered to the public in the secondary market, at a price which may be at the 
Issue Price, during the Offer Period; or 
 
(d)    will evolve between dates specified in the applicable Final Terms in order to reach a specific maximum level on a specific date, 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase x (1 + ConvergencePercentage x Nb(t) / 360) 
 
Where : 
 
OfferPriceBase means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
ConvergencePercentage means a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
Nb(t) means the number of calendar days between the Issue Date and the date “t” on which the value of the Notes is calculated (both 
dates included);or 
 
(e)    will be determined by the Dealer on a continuous basis in accordance with the market conditions then prevailing and depending 
on market conditions, the offer price shall be equal to, higher or lower than the Issue Price; or 
 
(f)    will be provided by the Dealer by way of quotes made available in the market specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
and which, in all cases, may be increased by such fees, if any, as disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.     CURRENCIES 
 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other 
than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
 
5.    ISSUE PRICE 
 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a percentage of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount or (ii) as an amount per Note of the relevant Specified Denomination) which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
6.    REDEMPTION  
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons, regulatory reasons, an administrator/benchmark event, a force majeure event  or 
following a Fiduciary Event or in the event of an optional outstanding Notes trigger call or following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Disruption Event) or that such Notes (if Physical Delivery Notes) may be settled at maturity or otherwise by receipt by the holder(s) of 
a cash amount and/or by delivery of the relevant Deliverable Assets or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Fiduciary 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving not less than thirty nor more than forty five days’ irrevocable notice (or such other notice period 
(if any) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Fiduciary, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
8 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and purchaser(s) as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Notes may also be redeemed early following the occurrence of certain disruption, adjustment, extraordinary or other events linked 
to the Underlying assets. 
 
7.   MATURITIES  
 
Any maturity as indicated in the applicable Final Terms subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Fiduciary or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue are subject to certain restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution (see the paragraph “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” below). 
 
8.  REDENOMINATION / CONVERSION OF CURRENCY AND/OR CONSOLIDATION 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be redenominated in/converted into euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in General Conditions 1.5 and 14.2. 
 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into euro may be subject to consolidation with other Notes denominated in 
euro. 
 
9. FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND RELATED AGREEMENTS 
 
The provisions relating to collateralisation of Notes are more fully described in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
10. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements in full force (see the section “Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions”) including the following restrictions applicable 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
the section "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions”. 
 
Under the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Prospectus Act), which implements 
the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than twelve months 
and complying also with the definition of “securities” are not subject to the approval provisions stated therein. 
 
11.  TYPE OF NOTES 
 
No securities falling under article 19 or debt securities falling under article 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
will be issued under this Base Prospectus.  
 
Any benchmark to which a Note refers will be provided by an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) or the FCA's register of administrators in accordance 
with Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation).  
 
The Fiduciary may issue either Secured Notes or Repack Notes, where: 
 
(i)    Secured Notes means a Note where “Type of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes” in the applicable Final Terms.  Secured 
Notes are Notes which are guaranteed by the Guarantor and in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are 
collateralised by a Collateral Pool comprising diversified assets complying with Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test will 
apply. Secured Notes may be issued with Fixed Collateralisation or with Variable Collateralisation. 
 
(ii)    Repack Notes means a Note where “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes” in the applicable Final Terms.  Repack 
Notes are Notes in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are collateralised by one or more specific bond(s) issued 
by a third party complying with Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test or Fiduciary Securities Value Test will apply, as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
9 
Both such type of Notes may be issued as one of the below type of Notes. 
 
11.1    Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such date(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and on redemption and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2    Partly Paid Notes 
 
The Issue Price of Partly Paid Notes will be payable in more than one instalment. 
 
While any part payments of the subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly Paid Notes are overdue, no interest in a Temporary 
or Permanent Global Note representing such Notes may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes. 
 
If any Noteholder fails to pay any part payment due on any Partly Paid Notes within the time specified, the Fiduciary may have a right 
to redeem such Notes if so specified, and on the terms set out, in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.3    Floating Rate Notes 
 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined (i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement evidenced by a confirmation incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or (ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Notes and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have either a minimum interest rate or a maximum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.4    Physical Delivery Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Physical Delivery Notes (whether in respect of principal and/or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) 
and any delivery of any Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Notes will be made in accordance with the terms of the 
applicable Final Terms, subject always to applicable securities laws. 
 
11.5    Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
 
11.6    Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate. Where the Fiduciary has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Fiduciary may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  
 
11.7    Dual Currency Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Dual Currency Notes (whether in respect of principal and/or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) will 
be made in such currency or currencies, and based on such rate or rates of exchange, as the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) 
may agree (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
11.8    Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes and Structured Notes 
 
Floating Rate Notes and Structured Notes, may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both, or be subject to 
a rate multiplier, in each case as set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.9    Structured Notes 
 
Structured Note means a Note which will provide investors with an exposure to one or more Underlyings.  
 
Payments of principal and/or of interest in respect of Structured Notes will be calculated by reference to such Underlying. Item “Type 
of Structured Notes” of the Final Terms will specify the relevant type of Underlying of the Structured Notes. Any Structured Note may 
be exposed to more than one Underlying, in which case more than one type of Structured Note will be specified. For each such 
Underlying and type of Note, the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions will apply. The application of such Additional Terms and 
Conditions will also be specified in item “Type of Structured Notes” of the Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Underlying and state where information on the relevant Underlying, in particular 
on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found and whether or not the Fiduciary intends to provide further 
information on the Underlying. 
 
Each type of Underlying for Structured Notes is further described below. 
 
(i)    Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more 
shares or depository receipts as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes. Share 
Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment if certain corporate events, 
de-listing, merger or de-merger, nationalisation or insolvency occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes.   
 
(ii)    Index Linked Notes 
 
Payments of principal and/or of interest at maturity or otherwise in respect of Index Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
the performance of one or more Indices as the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Index Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Notes. 
 
Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that is not composed by the Fiduciary. In accordance with the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended, the applicable Final Terms contains the name of the Index and 
an indication of where to obtain information about the index.  
 
(iii)    SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
Payments of principal and/or of interest at maturity or otherwise in respect of SGI Index Linked Notes will be calculated by reference 
to one or more Societe Generale Indices as the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
SGI Index Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes. 
 
SGI Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that composed by Societe Generale or any other legal entity 
belonging to the Societe Generale group (an SGI Index).  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, Societe Generale, is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Articles 
34 and 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication of a supplement in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, containing an index description of such additional Indices.  
 
 (v)    ETF Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of ETF Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more exchange traded funds as agreed between 
the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, ETF 
Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes. ETF Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments, 
all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes. 
 
(vi)        ETP Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of ETP Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more exchange traded products other than ETF 
(exchange traded funds) as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETP Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes. ETP Linked Notes may be subject to adjustments, as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes. 
 
(vii)    Reference Rate Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Reference Rate Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more reference rate as agreed between 
the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Rate Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
(viii)    Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more foreign exchange rate as 
agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes. 
 
(ix)    Commodity Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Commodity Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more commodities and/or commodity 
indices as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Commodity Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes. 
 
(x)    Fund Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Fund Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to units, interests or shares in a single fund or basket of 
funds on such terms as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, Fund Linked Notes may also provide for redemption by physical delivery of the Deliverable 
Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes. 
 
Fund Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments, as applicable, or if certain corporate events occur, all as more 
fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes. 
 
(xi)    Credit Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit, and possibly the CDS spread, of a specified entity or entities 
and will be issued on such terms as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring) in relation to a Reference Entity or, with respect 
to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, Reference Entities, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation of the 
Fiduciary to pay principal at maturity may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other amounts which are equal to either certain fixed 
amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts calculated by reference to the value of the Deliverable Asset(s) 
(which may, in each case, be less than the par value of the Notes at the relevant time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the Deliverable 
Asset(s), all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes. In addition, interest-bearing Credit 
Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such circumstances. 
 
Credit Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes. 
 
(xii)    Inflation Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to inflation indices as agreed between the Fiduciary and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes. 
 
(xiii)    Non Equity Security Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Non Equity Security Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more non-equity securities or 
futures contracts thereon as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Non Equity Security Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments, as more fully described in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes. 
 
(xiv)    Future Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Future Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more future contracts as agreed between the 
Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Future Linked Notes may be subject to early 
redemption or adjustments, as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes. 
 
(xv)    Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Portfolio Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to a portfolio of underlyings as the Fiduciary and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Portfolio Linked Notes may also provide for redemption 
by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes. Portfolio

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustments as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Condition for 
Portfolio Linked Notes. 
 
(xvi)    Dividend Linked Notes 
 
Payments in respect of Dividend Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to dividends linked to one or more shares, depositary 
receipts and/or indices as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Dividend Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes.  
 
(xvii)    Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
The redemption Amount payable in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to the performance of 
a single specified preference share of the Preference Share Issuer as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Preference Share Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes. 
 
(xviii)    Warrant Linked Notes 
 
The redemption amount payable in respect of Warrant Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to the performance of warrants 
issued by the Warrants Issuer as agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Warrant Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant 
Linked Notes. 
 
11.10    Positive Impact Notes 
 
Use of proceeds 
 
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, it is the Fiduciary's  intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the 
issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or via loans), in part or in full, eligible activities (such 
activities, the Eligible Activities), as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond framework of the Fiduciary, as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Societe 
Generale  
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-Sustainable-and-Positive-
Impact-Bond-Framework.pdf ) (the Framework), such use will be stated in the Final Terms of such Notes (the Positive Impact 
Notes).

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an investment 
in the Notes. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risks, and any risk factors included in the documents 
incorporated by reference herein. 
 
The Fiduciary and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the failure of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor to pay interest (if any), principal or other amounts on 
or in connection with any Notes may occur or arise for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Fiduciary 
or the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used in this section. 
 
To the best of Fiduciary’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Fiduciary as the most important 
appears first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their 
occurrence. 
 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
 
1.1 Risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and regulatory environments 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 163 to 167 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document (see Section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"). 
 
1.2 Credit and counterparty credit risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 168 to 169 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.3 Market and structural risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 169 to 170 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.4 Operational risks (including risk of inappropriate conduct) and model risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 171 to 174 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document (see Section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"). 
 
1.5 Liquidity and funding risks 
 
These risks are detailed on page 171 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.6 Risks related to insurance activities 
 
These risks are detailed on page 174 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
2. RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY AND THE GUARANTOR 
 
2.1    Factors that may affect the Fiduciary's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
 
The Fiduciary's activity consists inter alia in issuing debt securities and the funds collected are systematically deposited with Societe 
Generale in the form of either term loans or swap contracts and pursuant to which the Fiduciary will receive from Societe Generale 
the amounts due under the Notes.  The Fiduciary's ability to make payments under the Notes will therefore depend primarily on the 
performance of its obligations by Societe Generale under such hedging transactions entered into between the Fiduciary and Societe 
Generale. 
 
If SG Luxembourg S.A. defaults or goes bankrup, as a result of the limited recourse clause on SG Luxembourg S.A. as Fiduciary, 
included in the terms and conditions of the notes, the Noteholders of Secured Notes have no recourse against SG Luxembourg S.A. 
and any amount due and unpaid by SG Issuer must be claimed against Societe Generale as Guarantor. 
 
-    In respect of Repack Notes, specific factors that may affect the Fiduciary’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
 
In respect of Repack Notes, in case of a payment default by the Fiduciary (meaning other than following the delivery of a Collateral 
Liquidation Notice), the Noteholders have no recourse against the Fiduciary and will only have recourse under the Collateral Assets 
contained in the Collateral Pool of the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
The liquidation proceeds of the Collateral Assets contained in the Collateral Pool may not be sufficient to cover the sums due under 
the Notes and Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
-    In respect of Secured Notes, specific factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Guarantee 
 
With respect to Secured Notes, in the case of a default of the Fiduciary following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, where 
the liquidation proceeds of the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool are not sufficient to cover the final redemption amount, 
Noteholders will only have recourse against the Guarantor with respect to the shortfall, therefore Noteholders are exposed to the 
credit risk of Societe Generale as Guarantor.  
 
Therefore, the exposure of the Noteholders to the credit risk of the Guarantor will depend on the level of Collateralisation Percentage 
of such Secured Notes. The less the Secured Notes have a high Collateralisation Percentage, the more such Notes will be exposed 
to the creditworthiness of the Guarantor. Societe Generale’s credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its commitments. 
Consequently, any actual or anticipated downgrades of Societe Generale’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. If 
Societe Generale is subject to measures in respect of the regulations relating to the statutory bail-in mechanism (bail-in), Noteholders’ 
claim may be reduced to zero, converted into equity (shares) or debt securities or undergo a maturity postponement. 
 
2.2    Information in relation to the lack of independence of the Guarantor - Conflict of interest 
 
Societe Generale will act as the Guarantor of the Secured Notes, as Calculation Agent of the Notes and also as provider of hedging 
instruments to the Fiduciary. As a result, investors will be exposed not only to the credit risk of Societe Generale but also to operational 
risks arising from the lack of independence of Societe Generale, in assuming its duties and obligations as the Guarantor, Calculation 
Agent and provider of the hedging instruments. Whilst compliance procedures require effective segregation of duties and 
responsibilities between the relevant divisions within the Guarantor, the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be wholly 
eliminated.   
 
The Group provides a full array of capital market products and advisory services worldwide including the issuance of "structured 
notes” where interest and/or principal is/are linked to the performance of underlying assets, and may possess or acquire material 
and/or confidential information about the underlying assets and/or the reference entities which is not public knowledge and which are 
or could be important to the Notes.  
 
Such business activities and such material and/or confidential information may cause consequences adverse to the Noteholders. 
Such actions and conflicts may include, without limitation, the exercise of voting power, the purchase and sale of securities, financial 
advisory relationships and exercise of creditor rights. The Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group have no 
obligation to disclose such information about such underlying assets or the obligors to which they relate or the reference entities. The 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group and their officers and directors may engage in any such activities without 
regard to the Notes or the effect that such activities may directly or indirectly have on any Note. 
 
The Calculation Agent, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Exchange Agent may 
be all part of the Group. A deterioration of Societe Generale's credit risk would have a negative impact on the obligations of each of 
the entities listed above in relation to the Notes. If one of these entities does not respect its obligations towards the Fiduciary and/or 
the Guarantor, this could have a negative impact on the value of the Notes and the Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
 
2.3 Risk relating to the Restructuring Directive 
 
Societe Generale is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that Societe Generale becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre 
of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of Société Générale is located in France. 
 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures 
to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 
2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, 
applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the 
Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan 
in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote 
may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless the competent authority 
chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency law to a credit institution as Societe Generale 
is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in 
the Notes. 
 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against Societe Generale would have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Secured Notes guaranteed by Societe Generale. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Fiduciary. 
 
3. RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
 
3.1    Risks related to the characteristics of the Notes 
 
3.1.1    Risks linked to Notes including a risk of capital loss 
 
For Notes which include a risk of capital loss, the redemption value of such Notes may be less than the amount initially invested. In a 
worst case scenario, investors may lose their entire investment. Moreover, regardless of the level of the capital protection, the investor 
may lose part or all of the initially invested amount, if the Notes are sold by the investor before the maturity date. 
 
3.1.2    Risks linked to Notes offering a full capital protection at maturity date 
 
For Notes which offer a full capital protection (100%) of the Specified Denomination at maturity date, the investor may, however, lose 
part or all of the initially invested amount if the Notes are sold by the investor before the maturity date (since the value of the Notes 
during their lifetime may be lower than the amount of the capital protection due to market fluctuations). 
 
3.1.3    Notes subject to optional redemption by the Fiduciary 
 
The Final Terms may specify that Notes can be subject to an early redemption which can be triggered at the Fiduciary’s sole discretion 
either on certain predefined dates or at any time during the life of the Notes. The possibility of an early redemption of the Notes at the 
Fiduciary’s discretion may limit the market value of such Notes. Before or during each period during which the Fiduciary  may elect to 
redeem the Notes, their market value will not rise substantially above their redemption price and the Noteholders will not benefit from 
the subsequent performance of the underlying(s). 
 
3.1.4    Notes subject to automatic redemption 
 
The Final Terms may specify that Notes can be subject to an automatic redemption if the level of the underlying(s) becomes higher 
than, equal to or below one or more predefined level(s) on either predefined dates or at any time during the life of the Notes. As a 
result, for those Notes when the level of the underlying(s) reaches the predefined level(s), the Noteholders will not benefit from the 
performance of the underlying(s) subsequent to such event. 
 
3.1.5    Early redemption at the option of the Fiduciary (following a Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force 
Majeure Event, an Administrator/Benchmark Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date or for a decrease in 
issuance size) 
 
The Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may decide to redeem early the Notes at market value upon the 
occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, a change in law or regulation, including tax law, or an event affecting a 
benchmark or its administrator,  force majeure event affecting the Fiduciary, or following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or a 
Bond Event Determination Date, or an entity of its group, if the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of such Notes equals or falls 
below 10% of the initial aggregate nominal amount of such Notes). This could result in Noteholders receiving an early redemption 
amount which may be lower than the amount initially invested (regardless of the level of capital protection at maturity, if any) and 
being redeemed earlier than they had anticipated and the Noteholders will not benefit from the performance of the underlying asset(s) 
subsequently to such event. 
 
3.1.6    Risks related to adjustment, substitution or cancellation of the Notes 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes give the Calculation Agent a certain discretion to determine whether any event(s) affecting 
the Notes or the underlying(s) has occurred in accordance with such Terms and Conditions. The Calculation Agent also has certain 
discretion in order to determine the consequences thereof for the Notes, the underlying(s) or the hedging transactions, including 
determination of the price of the underlying(s) and the choice between (a) mechanisms to adjust or substitute the underlying(s), (b) 
the deduction of the increase in the cost of hedging of any amount due, (c) the monetisation and, consequently, the de-indexation of 
the formula of the Notes for all or part of the amounts due under the Notes on the underlying(s) and (d) the early redemption of the 
Notes by the Fiduciary, without any obligation to take into account the interest of the Noteholders. In the absence of manifest or 
proven error, these adjustments, substitutions or cancellation decisions will be binding upon the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Agent 
and the Noteholders. Each of these measures imposed on the Notes may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested, 
regardless of the level of capital protection of the Notes, if any. 
 
3.1.7    Trading in the Notes and/or Underlyings may be suspended, interrupted or terminated 
 
If the Notes are listed on one (or more) regulated or unregulated markets, the trading of such Notes may – depending on the rules 
applicable to such markets – be suspended or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon 
the occurrence of a number of reasons, including violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational 
problems of the stock exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the interests 
of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange or a regulatory authority. 
Where trading in an Underlying of the Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective Notes will usually also 
be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of such Notes will usually be cancelled. Investors 
should note that the Fiduciary has no influence on trading suspension or interruptions and that investors in any event must bear the 
risks connected therewith. In particular, investors may not be able to sell their Notes where trading is suspended, interrupted or

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
terminated, and the stock exchange quotations of such Notes may not adequately reflect the price of such Notes. All these risks 
would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and investors may therefore lose part or all of their 
investment in the Notes. 
 
3.1.8    Risk of leveraged exposure 
 
The redemption formula of certain Notes may embed a leverage factor increasing the exposure to the relevant underlying and will 
amplify both return and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) 
when the applicable underlying moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses when such underlying moves 
against expectations of investors. Prospective investors should note that Notes will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever 
there are losses such losses may be higher than those of a similar security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only 
invest in such Notes if they fully understand the effects of the leverage that may be embedded in such Notes whose market value 
may be significantly more volatile than the market value of Notes that do not have this feature. 
 
3.1.9    Risks relating to the Paying Agent 
 
Any payments to Noteholders will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary. The Fiduciary shall transfer to the Paying 
Agent such amount as may be due under the Notes on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the Notes becomes 
due.  
 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Noteholders in respect of the Notes, is declared insolvent, the Noteholders 
may not receive all (or any part) of amounts due to them in respect of the Notes from the Paying Agent in which case Noteholders will 
have to claim payments directly from the Fiduciary.   
 
3.1.10    Hedging and trading activity by the Guarantor and other members of the Group could potentially affect the value of 
the Notes 
 
In the ordinary course of their business, whether or not they will engage in any secondary market making activities, the Guarantor 
and/or any other members of the Group may effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their customers and hold 
long or short positions in any underlying or reference asset(s), reference entities or obligors or related derivatives.  
 
These transactions may affect the Fiduciary's hedging positions which could in turn impact the market value of the Notes and 
consequently investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
3.1.11    Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
The Fiduciary will pay principal and interest amounts on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if a Noteholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
 
The Fiduciary may issue Dual Currency Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements 
in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Accordingly an investment in Dual Currency Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange 
investment and prospective investors should take advice accordingly. 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
3.1.12    Partly Paid Notes 
 
The Fiduciary may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment by the investor. Failure by the investor 
to pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor losing some or all of his investment. In the event that investors 
purchase Partly Paid Notes on the secondary market prior to all the part payments being made and these Notes being fully paid up, 
such investors incur the risk to be required to pay such remaining part payments in addition to the price they paid to purchase these 
Notes. 
 
3.1.13    Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the market value 
of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the Fiduciary converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the floating rate may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the Fiduciary converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
 
3.1.14    Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount to or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation 
to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. The longer the remaining term of such 
Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
 
3.1.15    Risks relating to Physical Delivery Notes 
 
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for 
redemption of the Notes and prevents delivery of the asset, the Fiduciary shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, 
in respect of each Note, the fair market value of the number of Underlying(s) (the Fair Market Value) to be delivered converted into 
the Specified Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day following the Delivery Period. 
 
3.1.16    Risks relating to Notes referencing a benchmark 
 
In accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4 of the General Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to 
or referencing such a "benchmark". 
  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark within the UK. Notwithstanding the provisions of General Condition 4.2.3.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular:   
 
- an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the Fiduciary) in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
 
- if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing 
or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a 
consequence,  
 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have been the case without such changes.  
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark".  
 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes – please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark 
rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application 
of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions 
of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation).  
 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by 
conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021.  
 
The FCA confirmed on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be 
representative:  
 
- from 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US 
dollar settings; and  
 
- immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings.  
 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, 
and have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA was established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) 
for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") to be eventually established as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate 
benchmark, and (iii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR") as the new euro risk-free rate. 
Similar initiatives are currently underway in respect of each of the LIBOR rates in other currencies -– i.e. Japanese Yen (IBOR), Honk 
Kong Dollar (HIBOR), Swiss franc (CHF LIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and Canadian dollar (CDOR) – to transition over to 
identified alternative risk free rates.    
 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by reference to the risk free 
rates 
 
The Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to risk free rates such as SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SARON or TONA overnight funding rates with Interest Periods longer than overnight and will be calculated on the basis of (a) the 
arithmetic mean of such rate  over the relevant Interest Period, where such rate  is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end 
of such Interest Period or (b) a compounded risk free rate (i) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the risk free rate  used as 
the basis for calculation is that which was observed a specified number of days prior or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified 
number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest 
Period or (c) calculated by reference to the level of the risk free rate published by its Administrator or authorized distributors.  As a 
consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short 
period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will 
be payable on such Notes and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower than expected.  
 
In case of occurrence of an Index Event the applicable floating rate of interest could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" without any requirement that the consent 
of Noteholders be obtained. 
 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes, occurrence of certain events affecting the benchmarks (each an Index Event) such 
as loss of any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, the permanent cessation of the Reference 
Rate or the loss of representativeness of the Reference Rate will trigger the application of certain fallbacks arrangements including if 
an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap 
rate) becomes unavailable, or if the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on 
any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable  
or otherwise.  
 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Replacement Rate  with or 
without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark) (both as defined in General Condition 4.2.3.7 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
No consent or approval of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other 
document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
 
Investors should note that, the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent will have a certain discretion to determine the 
Replacement Rate  and as the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment 
may not be favourable to such Noteholder. Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Notes.  
 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates have a different methodology 
and other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace. Any of these developments could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to any such rates.   
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow Notes referencing inter alia SONIA, SOFR, the Euro short term rate ("€STR"), SARON, 
TONA to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, as reference rates in the capital markets, and their 
adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate 
Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
 
The nascent development of the use of these risk free rates as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of risk free rates-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a 
risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
 
In addition, the Fiduciary or Calculation Agent has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of these risk-free rates. 
There can be no guarantee that they will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of Noteholders.  
 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
 
These risk-free rates may fail to gain market acceptance and any market of the Notes indexed on these rates may be illiquid and 
unpredictable. Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning these risk free rates. The investors are exposed to 
some discretion of the Calculation Agent to determine the interest rate that will replace the benchmarks that will cease to be published 
or used and to calculate the amount of interest needed to calculate the amounts due under the Notes on the basis of the risk-free 
rates.   
 
3.1.17    Risks relating to legal, tax and regulatory changes 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected therewith) are based 
on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to such laws, or the official application or interpretation of such laws or administrative practices after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Notes that may adversely affect the Notes, the underlying, 
related derivatives or the collateral assets in the case of Secured Notes. The regulatory environment is evolving, and changes in the 
regulation of any entities may adversely affect their value. Regulators and self-regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised 
to take extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. The regulation of securities and derivatives transactions is an 
evolving area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. The effect of any future regulatory change on 
the underlying, related derivatives or on the collateral assets could be material, including clearing and margin requirements for 
derivatives and consequently may adversely affect the value of the Notes. Investors may therefore lose part or all of their investment 
in the Notes. 
 
3.1.18    Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi (RMB) 
 
RMB foreign exchange control risk 
 
RMB is not completely freely convertible at present, and the conversion of RMB into other currencies is subject to exchange controls 
imposed by the PRC government. New PRC regulations may be promulgated or any existing RMB clearing and settlement 
arrangements may be terminated or amended in the future which may have the effect of restricting availability of RMB outside the 
PRC. The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of Notes denominated in RMB.  
 
The current size of RMB denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. The control of currency conversion and movements 
in RMB exchange rates may adversely affect RMB denominated assets which may in turn affect notes linked to such assets. 
 
RMB currency risk 
 
All payments of RMB under the Notes to the Noteholders will be made solely by transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or a financial centre outside the PRC in which a bank clears and settles Renminbi (RMB Settlement Centre) in accordance 
with the prevailing rules and regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Fiduciary cannot be 
required to make payment in relation to Notes denominated in RMB by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer 
to a bank account in the PRC), unless a Renminbi Currency Event (as defined in General Condition 5.15) is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under the Notes or generally 
may remain or will not become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert RMB from/to another freely convertible currency, or 
transfer RMB between accounts in Hong Kong (or any other RMB Settlement Centre), or to remit RMB into or out of the PRC, or the 
general RMB exchange market becomes illiquid, any payment of RMB under the Notes may be delayed or the Fiduciary may make 
such payments in another currency selected by the Fiduciary using an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent, or the 
Fiduciary may redeem the Notes by making payment in another currency. 
 
RMB exchange rate risk

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
The value of RMB against other currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic 
conditions and by many other factors. As a result, the value of any payments of RMB (in any applicable foreign currencies) may vary 
with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of RMB depreciates against other currencies, the value of an 
investor's investment in such other currencies will decline. 
 
RMB interest rate risk 
 
Where applicable, the value of payments of RMB under the Notes may be susceptible to interest rate fluctuations, including Chinese 
RMB Repo Rates and/or the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (SHIBOR). The PRC government has gradually liberalised the 
regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. Furthermore, due to the foreign 
exchange control imposed by the applicable PRC laws and regulations and the prevailing market conditions, the RMB interest rate in 
the markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the RMB interest rate in the PRC. 
 
Payments with respect to Notes denominated in RMB may be made only in the manner designated in such Notes 
 
Noteholders may be required to provide certification and other information (including RMB account information) in order to be allowed 
to receive payments in RMB in accordance with the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong. All 
payments to investors in respect of Notes denominated in RMB will be made solely (i) for so long as Notes denominated in RMB are 
represented by Global Notes or Registered Global Notes held with the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may 
be, for Clearstream Banking S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so long as Notes denominated in RMB are in definitive form, by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than described in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, the Fiduciary cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, 
by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
 
3.1.19 Meetings of Noteholders  
 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally (see General Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders,). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, Noteholders who did not consent to the 
Written Resolutions and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General meetings or written consultations may 
deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the terms and conditions of the Notes . While it is not possible to assess the 
likelihood that the terms and conditions will need to be amended during the term of the Notes by a meeting of the Noteholders, if a 
decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such modifications impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may negatively 
affect the market value of the Notes, although the probability of such a decision being taken by Noteholders is considered to be low.  
 
3.2    Risks relating to the market of the Notes 
 
3.2.1    Market value of the Notes 
 
The trading market for the Notes may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events. 
 
The market for debt securities is influenced by the economic and market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and 
inflation rates in Europe and other industrialised countries and areas. There can be no assurance that events in France, Europe or 
elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes or that economic and market 
conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Notes is below the Final Redemption Amount, and accordingly Noteholders may 
receive an amount or an asset with a value significantly lower than the amount that they invested to purchase the Notes. 
 
3.2.2    Risks on secondary market of the Notes 
 
If the Notes are subject to market making agreements, the aim is to ensure the liquidity of the Notes on the markets where they are 
traded, assuming normal market conditions and normally functioning IT systems.  Certain exceptional market circumstances may 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes. Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or may have to sell them at a price 
that significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested.  
 
Certain Notes have materially relevant liquidity risk. Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of 
the Notes. Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly affects the 
amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested. 
 
There may be no market on which Notes may be traded, which may have a material adverse effect on the price at which such Notes 
could be resold and may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested. The Notes may be completely illiquid and may not 
be able to be resold. 
 
3.2.3    Reinvestment risks 
 
The Notes may be redeemed or be subject to cancellation at a time when an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds at an expected yield as high as the return on the Notes being early redeemed or cancelled, as the case may be, and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower yield. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
3.2.4   The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms may not be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor 
 
The Final Terms of the Notes with positive impact (the Positive Impact Notes) may provide that the Fiduciary intends to apply an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or via loans), 
in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities the Eligible Activities), which serves to deliver a positive contribution to one or more 
of the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential negative impacts and 
mitigation actions have been duly identified as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond framework, as amended and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time 
(the 
Framework) 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-Sustainable-and-Positive-
Impact-Bond-Framework.pdf ) and as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework inter alia (i) complies with the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association and (ii) aligns with the Principles for Positive 
Impact Finance published by the United Nations Environment Programme - Finance Initiative. It being specified that (i) such definition 
and guidelines may evolve from time to time and/or (ii) the Fiduciary may decide to depart from such definition and guidelines, in 
which cases such information will be specified in the Framework. 
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a “green” or 
equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such activity, and the requirements of any such label are currently under 
development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy Regulation). The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language 
for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable.The Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic 
activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether 
that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on1 January 2022. 
However, the Taxonomy Regulation remains subject to further developments with regard to specific economic activities and other 
environmental objectives. 
 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable”. 
 
While it is the intention of the Fiduciary to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Positive Impact Notes in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Final Terms and the Framework, the relevant Eligible Activity or the application of the 
net proceeds of the Positive Impact Notes in connection therewith (as described in section “Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms), might not be implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly such net proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Activity. Nor can it be 
certain that such Eligible Activity will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the "sustainable and positive impact" aspect) originally expected or anticipated by the Fiduciary. Any such event or failure 
by the Fiduciary to apply the net proceeds to any issue of Positive Impact Notes for any Eligible Activity or to obtain and publish any 
reports, assessments, second party opinions and certifications or the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Activity may not match the 
minimum duration of any Positive Impact Notes will not (i) constitute a default pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes or (ii) give a right to the Noteholders to request the early redemption, acceleration of the Positive Impact Notes held by it or 
give rise to any other claim or right or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Fiduciary to redeem the Positive Impact Notes or be a relevant 
factor for the Fiduciary in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Positive Impact Notes shall not depend 
on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply all or part of the net proceeds of any issue of Positive Impact Notes for any Eligible Activity as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any second party opinion or certification attesting that the Fiduciary is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such second party opinion or certification is opining or certifying on may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Positive Impact Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose and as a result, would have to dispose of the Positive Impact Notes at their prevailing 
market value. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the 
Positive Impact Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Activities. 
 
Any:  
 
(i) failure to hold in its books an amount in Positive Impact Finance assets equivalent to 100% of the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Notes or to apply an amount equivalent to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes to finance and/or refinance, in 
part or in full, Eligible Activities;  
 
(ii) withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an opinion or certification stating that 
Societe Generale has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters on which the original opinion or certification had opined or 
certified; and/or  
 
(iii) lack of Eligible Activities in which Societe Generale may invest; and/or  
 
(iv) event or circumstances resulting in the Positive Impact Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market,

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
does not affect the regulatory treatment of the Positive Impact Notes and may have a material adverse effect on the value of Positive 
Impact Notes and the value of any other securities which are intended to finance Eligible Activities and could also result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As a result, 
these investors may have to dispose of the Positive Impact Notes at their prevailing market value which may be less than the investors’ 
initial investment in the Positive Impact Notes. Investors may therefore lose part or all of their investment. 
 
3.2.5   Risk linked to a high rate of inflation 
 
Investor's attention is drawn to the fact that in the event of a high rate of inflation between the time when they acquired the Notes and 
the time when they will receiveany returns on the Notes, the amount (if any) payable to investors may not allow investors to purchase 
assets, goods or services that they would have been able to purchase at the time of their investment in the Notes. Consequently, 
prospective investors should consider the risk of high inflation rates before investing in the Notes. 
 
4. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
4.1 Common risks relating to all Structured Notes 
 
Risks relating to the Underlying(s) - gap risk  
 
The amounts due under the Structured Notes are calculated by reference to the prices of the Underlying(s) depending on the indexing 
formula for these amounts, it being specified that the past performance of an Underlying does not in any way prejudge its future 
performance. Potential investors are exposed to the risk of losing all or a substantial part of the amount invested. The issuers or 
owners of assets underlying the Notes do not participate in the offer of the Notes and have no obligation to take into account the 
interests of the Noteholders, when they take decisions likely to affect the value of these assets. 
 
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying(s) may change suddenly and significantly during the trading day or at the 
opening of the market. Such change may be positive or negative and is known as the "Gap Risk". If the price of the Notes includes a 
premium, this will be calculated to take account of the cost to the Fiduciary or its affiliates of unwinding its hedging positions in relation 
to the Notes on early redemption of the Notes and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the Underlying(s). 
Noteholders will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, which could significantly reduce 
the return a Noteholder stands to receive on its investment. 
 
Potential limitation in the benefit of the performance of the price of the Underlying(s)  
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the Notes to one or more Underlyings is limited or capped at a certain level 
or amount, the relevant Notes will not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this 
case, Noteholders will not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had invested directly in the 
Underlying(s) or in alternative Notes without such features. The likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the 
Underlying(s) performing such that the limit or cap affects the Notes. 
 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Notes do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of 
an Underlying) and Noteholders will not have any right of recourse under the Notes to any such Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying). The Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by 
any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying and such entities have no obligation to take into 
account the consequences of their actions on any Noteholders and such consequences may have a negative impact on Noteholders. 
Investors in Physical Delivery Notes should also refer to "Risks relating to Physical Delivery Notes" above. In addition, Societe 
Generale, the Fiduciary and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group may take any action in respect of the Underlying(s) and the 
Noteholders will have no right or claim against Societe Generale, the Fiduciary and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group in 
respect of any  amount that may be recovered by Societe Generale, the Fiduciary and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group 
in respect of such Underlying. 
 
4.2  Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to an Index 
 
The policies of the sponsor of an index as regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying the index and the 
manner in which the index sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying assets may affect the value of the 
index.  
 
The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index could also affect the value of the index. An index sponsor 
may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the value 
of the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
An index sponsor may at any time during the life of the Notes discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information 
relating to its index. As a consequence investors in Index Linked Notes are exposed to the risk of discontinuance of the operational 
capacity and expertise of the Index Sponsor to ensure the calculation and maintenance of the index according to the methodology in 
force throughout the life of the Notes. 
 
4.3  Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to an SGI Index

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
The composition of certain indices to which the Notes are linked, and the methodologies used in relation to these indices, can be 
determined and selected by Societe Generale or one of its related companies. In the choice of these methodologies, it can be expected 
that Societe Generale or the relevant related company of Societe Generale will take into account its own objectives and interests and 
/ or those of the Group, and no guarantee can be given that the methodologies chosen will not be less favorable for the interests of 
investors than the methodologies used by other index sponsors in comparable circumstances. 
 
If the hedging activities of Societe Generale or one of its related companies are disrupted in relation to a particular index, Societe 
Generale or the related company concerned may decide to end the calculations of this index, sooner than would another index 
sponsor in comparable circumstances. This could cause adjustments, de-indexation, substitution of the Index or the early redemption 
of the Notes. 
 
Conflicts of interest in connection with proprietary indices  
 
Societe Generale acts as sponsor of proprietary indices (SGI Indices). These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent 
in accordance with rules, which describe the methodology for determining the composition and calculation of these proprietary indices 
(the Rules). 
 
(i) With regard to proprietary indices composed in a discretionary basis by Societe Generale or an affiliate of Societe Generale to 
which Notes are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Notes and as a 
composer of these indices, given that the determination of the composition of these indices may have an impact on the value of the 
Notes. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
(ii) With regard to proprietary indices composed by a third party to which the Notes are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict 
of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Notes and as a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it can modify or supplement 
the Rules, in accordance with the Rules, which may have an impact on the value of the Notes. Consequently, investors may lose part 
or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
(iii) With regard to proprietary indices composed by the application of a mathematical formula in a non-discretionary manner by Societe 
Generale or any third party, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Notes and as 
a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it may modify, in accordance with the Rules, certain parameters (such as the funding spread) 
or provide the assessment of certain components, which may have an impact on the value of the Notes. Consequently, investors may 
lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
 
4.4  Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Fund 
 
4.4.1 Risks relating to underlying Funds 
 
Some Funds may have little or no oversight and regulation, which can increase the likelihood of fraud and negligence on the part of 
Fund managers and / or investment advisers, their brokerage firm or the banks. 
 
The Funds may include complex tax structures and deferrals in the distribution of important tax information. 
 
The Funds on which Structured Notes may be indexed may not publish information on their transactions and portfolios. 
 
The members of the Group may from time to time obtain information on specific Funds, which may not be available to the general 
public in the ordinary course of their business, and not in relation to the offer of Notes (including as funds which are managed by 
managers part of Societe Generale group). As part of the ordinary course of their business, Group members may recommend, or 
decide not to recommend, certain specific Funds to their customers, which may appear, currently or in the future, among the underlying 
funds used in the redemption formula of Structured Notes. All the positions that may be taken by the members of the Group in respect 
of the expected future performance of one or more funds (including in respect of funds which are managed by managers part of 
Societe Generale group) do not constitute an indication of the future performance of this/these funds. 
 
4.4.2 Fund managers' investment strategies 
 
The fund managers (including a manager that is part of Societe Generale group) do not participate in the offer of the Notes in any 
way and have no obligation to take into account the interest of the Noteholders in taking measures which could have an impact on 
the value of the shares or units of the underlying funds and therefore on the value of the Notes. Consequently, investors may lose 
part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
The manager and / or investment advisor of the Underlying Fund who implements the investment strategy of the Fund may decide to 
invest in financial assets or instruments which themselves carry risk with a view to maximizing profits, including by borrowing amounts 
that may represent more than 100% of the Fund's asset value. The manager and / or investment adviser may be all the more 
encouraged when his remuneration is indexed to the performance of the Fund. These elements can have a significant negative impact 
on the share / share of the Underlying Fund and therefore on the value of the Notes. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of 
their investment in the Notes. 
 
4.4.3 Fund managers and/or investment advisors of the underlying fund(s) 
 
The performance of underlying Fund(s) will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the fund's managers and/or 
investment advisors of the Fund(s). Investors in Fund Linked Notes are therefore exposed to the risk of fraud and misrepresentation

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
by unaffiliated fund managers or investment advisers. In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may be removed 
or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the investments of the underlying Fund(s) 
may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the performance of the underlying Fund(s). 
 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise other funds and/or accounts and may have financial and 
other incentives to favour such other funds and/or accounts over the underlying Fund(s). Also, the fund managers and/or the 
investment advisors may manage or advise for their own accounts and the accounts of their clients and may make recommendations 
or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the underlying Fund(s) or which may compete with the underlying Fund(s). 
 
4.4.4 Fees, deductions and charges will reduce any amounts due by the Fiduciary under the Notes 
 
Fund fees and expenses will be deducted from the net asset value of the fund that may offset the Fund's trading profits, and hence 
reduce the value of the Fund units. 
 
Accordingly, to the extent that any amount due by the Fiduciary under the Notes is linked to the net asset value of a fund, such amount 
payable to Noteholders will be less than it would have been absent these fees, deductions and charges. 
 
4.4.5   The illiquidity of the underlying Fund's investments or the occurrence of certain extraordinary events may cause the 
payment of the Final or Early Redemption Amount and/or any Intermediary Amount or any amount due by the relevant 
Fiduciary under the Notes to be reduced or delayed 
 
The intermediary amounts or final redemption amounts and other relevant amounts due to investors in Fund Linked Notes depend on 
the redemption proceeds of the units / shares of the Fund which will be paid by the underlying under a valid redemption order given 
by a hypothetical investor with effect as of the relevant valuation date. Substantial redemption orders on units/shares of an underlying 
Fund on a particular day (including by Societe Generale in liquidating the hedge relating to Structured Notes) could require such funds 
to liquidate positions more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable and have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Many funds have provisions whereby redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of such requests reaches a 
predetermined limit or where redemption orders can be delayed or suspended discretionarily. 
 
Investments of the underlying Fund may also not be readily saleable on or shortly after a redemption order if they are illiquid. 
 
If the proceeds from the redemption of the units or shares have not been paid by the underlying Fund on the initially Scheduled 
Maturity Date or on any early redemption date, the payment of the intermediate amounts or final redemption amounts or any amount 
due by the Fiduciary may be postponed after the maturity date up to a maximum period of two years or as specified in the Final Terms. 
If at the expiry of this period, the underlying Fund has not paid in full the redemption proceeds or the units or shares, the intermediate 
and final redemption amounts or any amount due by the Fiduciary shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of what 
has actually been paid by the underlying Fund. The amount received by the investors in the Notes may be as low as zero. 
 
4.4.6 Risks relating to master-feeder structure 
 
The underlying Fund(s) may invest as a “feeder” fund of a “master” fund, alongside present and future additional investors or feeder 
funds. A “feeder” fund usually refers to a fund which pools the investment capital raised from investors and invests (or “feeds”) such 
capital in an overarching umbrella fund (usually known as a “master” fund), which will be responsible for the investments in its portfolio. 
 
The underlying Fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of such other investors and feeder funds investing in the master 
fund, particularly if they have large investments in the master fund. If such other investors or feeder funds with a large investment in 
the master fund redeem from the master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to 
liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of 
the unit/share of the master fund and hence in the market value of the Notes. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-
manager may need to liquidate the master fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying 
Fund(s)) invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less diversified pool of 
investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, ultimately, the Notes. Conversely, the sub-manager 
of the master-fund may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse impact 
on the remaining investors of the master fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the 
performance of the underlying Fund(s) and the value of the Notes. Consequently, depending on the performance of the underlying 
Fund(s), Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
 
4.5 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Credit 
 
Noteholders are exposed, from a date specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be earlier than the date of their decision to 
invest in the Notes or the Issue Date, to events related to the creditworthiness of the Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence of such 
events, the redemption amount paid or the value of the underlying assets received at maturity of the Notes (after deduction of the 
costs, break funding charges, loss of funding, tax and duties) determined by reference to the value of the debt of the Reference Entity 
may be less than the invested amount. In addition, interest-bearing Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear interest on or prior to the 
date of occurrence of such circumstances. 
 
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and valuation may be 
as long as 180 days. Therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Notes, may 
occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
4.5.1 Risk in respect of  Credit Linked Notes on Tranche Notes 
 
Tranche Notes are Notes which are exposed to the credit risk of a list of Reference Entities, starting from an attachment point and 
ending on a detachment point (both expressed in percentages by reference to such list of Reference Entities). 
 
The principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will start to be impacted when the sum of losses incurred on the list of Reference 
Entities will have reached the attachment point, and 100% of the principal and interest payable to the Noteholder will be fully lost 
when the sum of losses will have reached the detachment point. The sum of such losses is expressed in percentages by reference 
to the list of Reference Entities.  
 
Compared to an investment in a basket of the same list of Reference Entities, investment in Tranche Notes creates a leverage effect 
on the credit risk exposure of the Reference Entities.  When the trigger threshold for a credit event is reached, the principal and 
interest payable to the Noteholder will be impacted more strongly the closer the detachment point is and the faster the detachment 
point is reached. The leverage effect comes from the impact of each affected Reference Entity in Tranche Notes once the attachment 
point has been reached. The leverage effect depends on the width of the tranche (detachment point minus attachment point) and is 
much higher compared to the impact the same Reference Entity has in a basket of Reference Entities which are not Tranche Notes. 
 
4.5.2 Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes on Basket Notes 
 
In respect of Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the Cash Redemption 
Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of a Credit Event affecting one of them will be 
on the Final Redemption Amount. 
 
4.5.3 Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes on bespoke Basket Notes 
 
In respect of bespoke Basket Notes, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the Cash 
Redemption Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of a Credit Event affecting one of 
them will be on the Final Redemption Amount. 
 
The concentration of the Reference Entities in any one industry or geographic region would subject the Notes to a greater degree of 
risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or geographic region. 
 
4.5.4 Increased risk in respect of First-to-Default Notes 
 
First-to-Default Notes are Notes where the credit risk to the Noteholder is materialised on the occurrence of the first credit event of 
any Reference Entity in a basket of Reference Entities. Given that the credit risk to the Noteholder can materialise on the occurrence 
of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in the basket, the Noteholder can lose a significant part or all of its investment in the 
Notes as soon as one single Reference Entity in the basket becomes subject to a credit event. In addition, the more Reference Entities 
there are in the basket of Reference Entities, the more likely it is that a credit event can occur, and the greater the degree of risk that 
the Noteholder may lose its entire principal invested in the Notes. 
 
4.5.5 Valuation and settlement in case of Credit Event 
 
Under the terms of the Notes, where Societe Generale acts as Calculation Agent, it may, for the purposes of determining the Cash 
Redemption Amount under the Quotation Dealers Method or the Physical Delivery Amount (each as defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) following one or more Credit Event(s), select obligations with the lowest 
price of any obligations which meet the relevant criteria. This may affect the value of the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose 
part or all of their initial investment in the Notes. 
 
4.5.6 Floating recovery 
 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes provide that the Calculation 
Agent will, depending on the election mentioned in the related Final Terms, determine the Final Value either by obtaining quotations 
from Quotation Dealers in respect of Selected Obligation(s) or by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (as defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes). In this regard, investors should note that: (A) the Final 
Value as determined by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms may be lower than the Final Value determined otherwise 
and will typically reduce the Cash Redemption Amount; and (B) (i) if Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are not published or (ii) a 
Fallback Settlement Event (as defined in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) occurs within a 
certain period and if it is not possible to obtain quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations within a further period, 
the Final Value of the Selected Obligations (as defined in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) 
will be deemed to be zero and therefore the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to zero.  
 
4.5.7 Fixed Recovery  
 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero), the terms of the Credit Linked Notes provide 
that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the 
fixed percentage of the Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero). 
 
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value, which would have been determined by reference to prices quoted by market 
participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Reference Entity, or even be equal to zero.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
4.5.8 Deferral of valuation and/or payments 
 
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and valuation may be 
as long as 180 days therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Notes, may 
occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes. If this occurs, this could adversely affect the value of the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their initial 
investment in the Notes. Also it is possible that no payment on the Notes may be due to the Noteholders on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. If this occurs, this could adversely affect the value of the Notes and Noteholders may therefore lose part or all of their initial 
investment in the Notes. Also it is possible that no payment on the Notes may be due to the Noteholders on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
 
4.6 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Foreign Exchange Rate 
 
The performance of Foreign Exchange Rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the supply and demand for 
currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, 
fiscal and monetary policy, government debt, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and intervening measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the 
exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect 
to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. 
Any such measures could have a negative impact on the performance of a Foreign Exchange Rate and consequently the value of the 
Notes. 
  
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of financial turmoil, capital can move 
quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the effects of a crisis with sudden and severely adverse 
consequences to the currencies of those regions as a result. In addition, governments around the world have recently made, and may 
be expected to continue to make, very significant interventions in their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is not 
possible to predict the effect of any future legal or regulatory action relating to a currency. Further interventions, other government 
actions or suspensions of actions, as well as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or economic events 
affecting the currency markets – including the replacement of entire currencies with new currencies - may cause Foreign Exchange 
Rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative impact on the value of the Notes. 
 
4.7 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Preference Shares or Warrants  
 
The market value of the Preference Shares or Warrants to which Notes are linked will fluctuate up or down depending on the 
performance of the relevant underlying(s) or basis of reference to which the Preference Shares or Warrants are linked (the Preference 
Share Underlying or Warrant Underlying) such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded 
funds, commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, currencies and portfolios. The composition of the relevant Preference 
Share Underlying(s)/Warrant Underlying(s) may be designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors. 
 
As a result, if the performance of the Preference Share Underlying/Warrant Underlying is negative, the value of the Preference Share 
Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes will be adversely affected. Purchasers of Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes 
risk losing all or a part of their investment if the value of the Preference Shares/Warrants falls. 
 
The basis and rate of taxation in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes and reliefs depend on each 
investor's individual circumstances and could change at any time. This could have a negative impact on the return of the Preference 
Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes. In the event that the Preference Share Linked Notes/Warrant Linked Notes pay a coupon 
other than on redemption (such term including early or final redemption), prospective investors should be aware that such coupon will 
likely be subject to income tax.  
 
4.8 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to Inflation 
 
The level of an Inflation Index may lag or otherwise not track the actual level of inflation in the relevant jurisdiction. 
 
Inflation Indices may not correlate with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation observed by purchasers 
of the Inflation Linked Notes in such jurisdiction. The value of the Inflation Linked Notes which are linked to an Inflation Index may be 
based on a calculation made by reference to such Inflation Index for a month which is several months prior to the date of payment on 
the Inflation Linked Notes and therefore could be substantially different from the level of inflation at the time of the payment on the 
Inflation Linked Notes. 
 
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an Inflation Index, e.g., the Inflation Index level has not been published or is 
discontinued or is corrected or such Inflation Index is rebased or materially modified, then depending on the particular event, the 
Fiduciary may determine the level, substitute the original Inflation Index, adjust the terms and conditions of the Inflation Linked Notes 
or redeem the Inflation Linked Notes. Any such event and its consequences may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation 
Linked Notes. 
 
4.9 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to exchange traded product (ETP) and to exchange traded fund (ETF) 
 
4.9.1 Exchange traded products and Exchange traded funds are subject to market trading risks

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
An ETP or an ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack of an active market, losses from 
trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation or redemption process of such 
ETP or such ETF. If any of these risks materialises, this may lead to the ETP or ETF shares trading at a premium or discount to its 
fair market value. 
 
4.9.2 Action or non-performance by the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP or the Calculation Agent or by the management 
company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF that may adversely affect the Notes 
 
In case of an ETP Linked Notes, the ETP issuer and/or the sponsor of the ETP and in case of an ETF Linked Notes, the management 
company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no 
obligation to any purchaser of such Notes. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETP will rely on the ETP issuer, 
the sponsor of the ETP and the Calculation Agent and an ETF will rely on the fund advisor, the investment advisor, the management 
company and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other 
instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services of any such persons 
or institutions may expose an ETP or an ETF to lose value. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human error or external 
events associated with, in case of an ETP, an ETP's issuer, sponsor or Calculation Agent and in case of an ETF, an ETF's 
management and/or administration, may reduce the value of the ETP or the ETF and affect the market value of the Notes. 
 
4.9.3 Credit risk of the issuer of the ETP or the ETF 
 
The value of the ETP Linked Notes or the ETF Linked Notes is dependent on the value of the ETPs or the ETFs, which will depend 
in part on the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the ETFs, which may vary over the term of the relevant Notes. A change 
in the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the ETFs may therefore affect the performance of the ETPs or ETFs respectively, 
and the value of Notes linked to ETPs or ETFs (as the case may be). Consequently, depending on the performance of such ETPs or 
ETFs, Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETP Linked Notes or the ETF Linked Notes. 
 
4.9.4 Exposure to the ETP Underlying 
 
ETPs usually aim to track the performance of an underlying financial instrument or basket thereof, which may include, without 
limitation, listed equities, commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, debt instruments, derivatives or any index thereof (the 
ETP Underlying). In addition, when compared to exchange traded funds, exposure to ETPs may involve a higher level of leverage 
and/or short exposures and/or more concentrated exposures. 
 
Prospective investors should also consider the risk factors in respect of the risks involved in investing in ETPs including, without 
limitation, risks relating to the ETP Underlying and to the underlying economics of the ETPs. Consequently, prospective investors 
should review the ETP Conditions and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
 
4.9.5 Risk that the ETP does not accurately track its underlyings’ performance 
 
Where the Notes are linked to an ETP, Noteholders are exposed to the performance of such ETP and not necessarily the performance 
of the ETP Underlying. Accordingly, investors who purchase Notes that are linked to an ETP may receive a different return than if 
such investors had directly invested into the ETP units or the ETP Underlyings. 
 
4.9.6 Where the underlying asset is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such Exchange Traded Fund will not 
accurately track its underlying share or index 
 
Where the Notes are linked to an exchange traded fund (an ETF) and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the performance 
of a share or an index, the investors of such Notes are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather than the underlying share or 
index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able 
to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could give rise to a difference between the 
performance of the underlying share or index and such ETF. Accordingly, investors who purchase Notes that are linked to an ETF 
may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying of such ETF directly. 
 
4.9.7 Exchange traded funds not actively managed 
 
If the investment objective of an ETF is to track the performance of an index or other asset, such ETF will invest in instruments 
included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking regardless of their investment merits. The performance 
of such ETF may be affected by general movements in market segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking, and such 
general movements in market segments may therefore affect the value of Notes linked to such ETF. Consequently, depending on the 
performance of such ETF, Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked Notes. 
 
4.9.8 Exchange traded funds may engage in securities lending 
 
Securities lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's loaned securities fails to return 
the securities in a timely manner or at all or that insufficient collateral has been posted in respect of such securities lending transaction. 
Securities lending carried out by the ETF may therefore affect its performance and the value of Notes linked to such ETF. 
Consequently, depending on the performance of such ETF, Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked 
Notes. 
 
4.10 Risks relating to Structured Notes linked to a Reference Rate

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
The performance of the Reference Rates is dependent on economic factors, including inflation rates in the relevant countries, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, monetary and fiscal policy, government debt, speculation and actions taken by 
governments and central banks. Such factors could have a negative impact on the performance of the Reference Rate and 
consequently on the value of the Notes. These factors can be expected to intensify in periods of financial turmoil.  
 
4.11 Risks relating to Future Linked Notes 
 
An investment in Future Linked Notes may bear similar market risks as a direct investment in the relevant future contract(s). The 
value of the future contract(s) underlying the Notes may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of 
factors which include the factors affecting the Future Underlier, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Notes. 
 
Futures contracts have a predetermined Expiry Date as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes. If 
the applicable Final Terms specify that Roll Adjustment applies, the Notes are valued by reference to futures contracts that have an 
Expiry Date that does not correspond to the term of the Notes, consequently the Calculation Agent will roll the Future Contracts (the 
Roll Adjustment) which means that the future contracts that is the closest to expiration (the Active Future Contract) will be replaced 
before it expires by a future contract that has an Expiry Date later in the future (the Next Active Future Contract). 
 
On each Roll Date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be lower than (respectively higher than) the price of the Next Active 
Future Contract if the future curve is in contango (respectively in backwardation). The Roll Adjustment may as a consequence have 
either a positive or negative impact on the value of the Note. This may result in a partial or total loss of the investment in the Notes. 
 
In addition to the effects of contango and backwardation, each "roll" may generate costs that will be taken by the Calculation Agent. 
These costs correspond to the expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract (transaction costs) and may have an adverse effect 
on the return of the Notes. 
 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should be aware that in respect of Notes on futures contract that are rolled, the potential negative 
impact on the value of the note induced by the roll may lead to a performance of the Notes lower than the performance that would 
have been generated by Notes on the Future Underlier itself.  
 
4.12 Risks relating to Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
The market value of Portfolio Linked Notes will fluctuate up or down depending on the performance of the relevant components of the 
Portfolio such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, 
baskets of securities or indices, currencies and portfolios. Such performance may be affected by changes in the value of the different 
components in the Portfolio to which the relevant issue of Portfolio Linked Notes relates. This value may be affected by (i) the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any component comprising the Portfolio may be traded, (ii) risks highlighted in section 4 (Risk factors relating to Structured Notes) 
relating to individual types of underlyings which are included in the relevant Portfolio and (iii) other factors set out elsewhere in "Risk 
Factors". The composition of the Portfolio may be designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors. 
 
As a result, if the performance of the Portfolio is negative, the value of the Portfolio Linked Notes reference will be adversely affected. 
Purchasers of Portfolio Linked Notes risk losing all or a part of their investment if the value of the Portfolio falls. 
Consequently, prospective investors, when considering investing in Portfolio Linked Notes, should also consider the risk factors linked 
to the Portfolio Components. 
 
In addition, there may be correlation between price movements of one component and the price movements of another component 
of the Portfolio that may have a negative impact on the value of the Portfolio. As such, the value of Portfolio Linked Notes can therefore 
be volatile and this may result in Noteholders losing all, or a substantial part, of their investment.   
 
In addition, Portfolio Linked Notes may be subject to a number of costs which would negatively impact the value of the Portfolio Linked 
Notes.  
 
4.13 Risks relating to Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
-    Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio  
 
Holders of Notes linked to a Dynamic Portfolio are exposed to the risk of changes in the market value of such Notes resulting from 
both changes in the prices of the assets comprising the Dynamic Portfolio and recommendations for replacement or weighting of the 
assets comprising the Weighting Adviser's Portfolio. Consequently, depending on the performance of such Dynamic Portfolio and the 
market value of Notes linked to such Dynamic Portfolio, Noteholders may lose part or all of their investment in such Notes. 
 
-    Risks relating to the Weighting Advisor 
 
Investors in Portfolio Linked Notes are exposed to the risk of the operational capacity and expertise of the Weighting Adviser to provide 
recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio throughout the life of the Notes.  
 
Even though the Fiduciary and the Calculation Agent have designated the Weighting Advisor, the Weighting Advisor shall act in the 
exclusive interest of the Noteholders. Consequently, the Weighting Advisor is exclusively responsible to the Noteholders for any 
recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio or for any fraud, negligence or 
misrepresentation.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
In addition, in the event of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, investors are exposed to the risk of de-indexation to the 
Dynamic Portfolio and a monetary return, replacement of the Weighting Advisor or early redemption of the Notes. 
 
The occurrence of any of these events may impact on the market value of the Notes and may result in the total or partial loss of the 
amount invested in the Notes. 
 
Noteholders should refer to the Weighting Advisory Agreement for more information.  
 
-    Risk of conflict of interests between the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Weighting Advisor and 
the Noteholders 
 
The Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor, may engage in trading and other business activities 
relating to the Portfolio Components without regard to the Notes and that are not for the Noteholders' accounts or on behalf of the 
Noteholders. Such trading and other business activities could create conflicts between the interests of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, 
the Calculation Agent and the Weighting Advisor on the one hand, and the interests of the Noteholders on the other hand, which could 
have an adverse impact on the value of and return on the Notes. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in 
the Notes. 
 
4.14 Risks relating to Structured Notes Linked to Dividend  
 
Prospective investors in Dividend Linked Notes should be aware that, depending on the specific terms and conditions of the relevant 
Dividend Linked Notes, (i) they might only receive a limited amount of interest or no interest at all, (ii) payment of principal or interest 
could occur at a time other than that stipulated and (iii) they could lose all or a substantial part of their investment. 
 
In addition, dividend levels can be subject to significant fluctuations which bear no relation to fluctuations in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices, and the timing of such variations can impact the real yield realised by investors, even in cases where the average 
level is in accordance with expectations. 
 
The earlier the change in the dividend amount or the amount resulting from a formula occurs, the greater the impact on yield. The 
market price of such Notes can be volatile and might depend on the length of the residual maturity and the volatility of the dividend 
amounts. 
 
5.    RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND THE FIDUCIARY STRUCTURE 
 
5.1    Risks relating to the Fiduciary Assets 
 
All payments to be made by the Fiduciary in respect of the Notes will only be due and payable from and to the extent of the sums 
received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Fiduciary in respect of the Fiduciary Assets (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions). 
 
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event, the claims of the Noteholders will be subordinated to certain other payment 
obligations owed by the Fiduciary as described in “Priority of Claims” below. 
 
The Fiduciary Assets are limited to the claims of the Fiduciary against the Fiduciary Asset Obligors (as defined in the General Terms 
and Conditions) in respect of that Series of Notes. 
 
Under the Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary Asset Obligor to enforce their rights under the Notes 
or to compel any Fiduciary Asset Obligor to comply with its obligations under the Collateral Assets, even in the case of the Fiduciary’s 
failure to act or the insolvency of the Fiduciary. 
 
Lack of diversification of the Collateral Assets 
 
In case of low diversification of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool pursuant to the Collateral Rules and the Eligibility Criteria, 
any depreciation in the value of such assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test Date and the realisation of the 
Collateral Assets will have a proportionally larger impact on any shortfall as the amount recovered in respect of the Collateral Assets 
on their sale will be dependent on the then current market value of a smaller range of Collateral Assets. 
 
"Haircut" applied to Collateral Assets 
 
The level(s) of Haircut specified in the applicable Final Terms is intended to reflect the risk of a depreciation in the value of Collateral 
Assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test Date and the date on which such Collateral Assets may be realised. 
Investors should note that the value of a Collateral Asset may change over time and the Haircut applied to the Collateral Assets may 
become outdated and may not provide suitable protection against a potential depreciation in value of the relevant Collateral Asset.  
 
Illiquid Collateral Assets 
 
Certain of the Collateral Assets may be illiquid and not easily or not at all realisable in certain market circumstances or can only be 
sold at a discounted value. In that case, investors may receive the delivery of the Collateral Assets as if Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets were applicable in relation thereto.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
NOTEHOLDERS SHOULD RECOGNISE THAT NOTEHOLDERS BEAR A RISK OF A DEFAULT OF THE COLLATERAL ASSETS 
AS WELL AS ANY DECLINE IN VALUE OF THE COLLATERAL ASSETS. 
 
5.2    Correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the creditworthiness of the Related Agreement Counterparty and the 
Guarantor 
 
In the event that there is a positive correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the creditworthiness of the Related 
Agreement Counterparty and the Guarantor, the value of the Collateral Assets may vary in the same way as the creditworthiness of 
the Related Agreement Counterparty and the Guarantor. 
 
A default by the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or the Guarantor in relation to their obligations under the Notes may be 
associated with a fall in the value of Collateral Assets.  
 
The value of Collateral Assets required to be posted in the Collateral Pool will be based on the market value of the Secured Note 
which takes into account the Related Agreement Counterparty’s and the Guarantor's creditworthiness whereas, following a Fiduciary 
Event, the market value determined by the Calculation Agent (which determines the claim that a holder of the Non-Waived Notes has 
on the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or the Guarantor), will not take into account the Related Agreement Counterparty’s or 
the Guarantor's creditworthiness and will not decrease following such Fiduciary Event. As a result, the claim of the Noteholders against 
the Fiduciary/Guarantor may be significantly higher than the value of the Collateral Assets. 
 
5.3    Frequency of Collateral Test Dates 
 
The lower the frequency of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and hence the greater the period 
of time between each such periodic Collateral Test Date (or even in the absence of any Collateral Test Date) the more likely it is that 
upon liquidation of the Collateral Assets, the proceeds of such liquidation that a Noteholder will receive or, where Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets is applicable, the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be less than the amounts due to Noteholders in 
respect of the Notes. 
 
5.4    Related Agreement Counterparty’s transfer right 
 
The Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to transfer (the Transfer Right) all of its rights and obligations under the Swap 
Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement to a replacement counterparty (the Replacement Related Agreement 
Counterparty). 
 
Following exercise of the Transfer Right, Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the Replacement Related Agreement 
Counterparty and a failure by the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty to perform its duties and obligations with respect to 
a Related Agreement will adversely affect the ability of the Fiduciary to perform its obligations owed to the Noteholders under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
There are no restrictions on when Societe Generale is entitled to exercise the Transfer Right and Societe Generale may do so in 
circumstances which are adverse to the interests of Noteholders. The interests of any Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty 
may conflict with the interests of Noteholders  Furthermore, exercise of the Transfer Right by Societe Generale may have an adverse 
impact on the value of the Notes. 
 
5.5    Potential conflicts of interest between Noteholders and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
 
If the Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to exercise any discretions under a Related Agreement, then the Related Agreement 
Counterparty will be entitled to act in its absolute discretion and will be under no obligation to, and will not assume any fiduciary duty 
or responsibility to, the Noteholders or any other person. In exercising any such discretion, the Related Agreement Counterparty will 
not be required to take the interests of the Noteholders into account and will not be liable to account to the Noteholders or any other 
person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates that may result directly or indirectly from any such exercise of discretion. 
 
5.6    Risk of a delay in the liquidation of the Collateral Assets  
 
In the event of the insolvency of the Fiduciary, the Disposal Agent or the Collateral Custodian, the liquidation of the Collateral Assets 
may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency administrator or other insolvency official in relation to Fiduciary, the 
Disposal Agent or the Collateral Custodian or by measures ordered by a competent court. Such delay could adversely affect the 
position of the Noteholders in the event of a depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets during such period. 
 
The Collateral Custodian, the Disposal Agent and the Paying Agents are  part of the same group and in the event of the insolvency 
of one entity it is possible that another entity may also be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in the liquidation of the 
Collateral Assets. 
 
6.    RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO SECURED NOTES 
 
6.1    Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation  
 
The Collateral Agent has the option to adjust the Collateralisation Percentage of Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation during 
the terms of such Notes and the Collateralisation Percentage may be set as low as zero.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
Investors in Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation may be exposed partially or fully to the credit risk of the Guarantor. In 
particular, where the Collateralisation Percentage is at zero, investors may be fully exposed to credit risk on the Guarantor and their 
investment may not be collateralised by any Collateral Assets.  
 
Investors should be aware that the secondary market value of Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation is dependent on various 
factors, including the prevailing value of the implied funding spread of the Guarantor and the implied market cost of collateralisation. 
Investors seeking to have their Notes repurchased before maturity may be adversely affected by these factors and the repurchase 
price may be less than their original investment. 
 
6.2    Risks relating to the Collateral Assets 
 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, he amounts available for distribution or the value of 
the Collateral Assets available to be delivered will be sufficient to pay all amounts due to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Series 
of Secured Notes and as a result, investors may lose a substantial portion of their investment due to the fact that the market value of 
the Collateral Assets and the Notes may vary at any time and investors may be exposed to the difference between the Required 
Collateral Assets Value and the Collateral Value. In addition, Collateralisation Percentage may be lower than 100%. 
 
The value of the assets used as collateral value can be 3 per cent lower than the required collateral asset value. This tolerance 
threshold amplifies most of the risks associated with the Notes described herein and in particular the risk that following enforcement 
of Collateral Assets, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available will not be sufficient to pay 
all amounts due to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Series of Notes. 
 
7.    RISKS RELATING TO THE FIDUCIARY SECURITIES THAT ARE REPACK NOTES 
 
Holders of Repack Notes are exposed as from a date specified in the Final Terms (which may be earlier than the date of their decision 
to invest in the Notes or the Issue Date) to events (specified in the Final Terms) relating to the creditworthiness of the relevant Bond 
Issuer. In the event of the occurrence of one of these events, the redemption amount paid or the value of the Bond received at maturity 
of the Notes (after deduction of costs, breakage costs, loss of funding, taxes and duties) may be less than the amount invested.  In 
addition, Repack Notes may cease to bear interest on or before the date of occurrence of such events. Investors' attention is drawn 
to the fact that no amount, or an amount reduced of, may be due under the Repack Notes Notes and settlement (whether American 
Settlement or European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms) may occur several months or years after the relevant 
Bond Event and on a date which may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. 
 
7.1    Concentration Risk 
 
The concentration of the Bond Issuers in any one industry or geographic region would subject the Notes to a greater degree of risk 
with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or geographic region. 
 
7.2    Discretion to determine if a Bond Event has occurred and to decide whether to give notice or not 
 
In addition to the general risk relating to the activity of the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent may decide whether to give notice 
or not that a Bond Event has occurred with respect to any Bond. A Noteholder may disagree with Publicly Available Information 
contained in the Bond Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the Noteholders’ 
information, but will nevertheless be bound by that determination under the terms of the Notes. 
 
7.3    Floating Recovery 
 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Bond Final Value by 
obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect of the Bonds. In this regard, investors should note that: (i) the Bond Final 
Value as determined by the Calculation Agent may be lower than the Bonds’ market value determined otherwise and will typically 
reduce the Cash Redemption Amount, and (ii) such Bond Final Value cannot exceed 100% (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Term) of the Bond Notional Amount irrespective of the Bonds market value determined otherwise. 
 
7.4    Fixed Recovery  
 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Bond Final Value of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event 
Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed percentage of the Specified Denomination specified in the related Final 
Terms. 
 
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value which would have been determined by reference to prices quoted by market 
participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Bond, or may even be equal to zero. 
 
7.5    Breakage Cost Amount  
 
If a Bond Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a Bond, Noteholders are exposed to the mark-to-market variation between 
the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the Bond Final Value Determination Date equal to the costs (if positive) or gains (if negative) 
of the Fiduciary in terminating the Securities Lending Agreement and, if any, in terminating the Collateral Transfer Agreement with 
the Related Agreement Counterparty, including the costs or gains of Societe Generale of unwinding any hedging arrangement(s) in 
relation to the refinancing of the Bond and/or the Collateral Assets (if any), in all cases after accounting for any related fees or 
expenses. As a consequence, the Cash Redemption Amount to be received by the Noteholders will be reduced, potentially to zero.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
7.6    Deferral of valuation and/or payments 
 
Investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that no or a reduced Cash Redemption Amount might be due under the Repack Notes and 
settlement (whether American Settlement or European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms), may occur several 
months or years after the relevant Bond Event and on a date which may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes. 
 
7.7    Ranking of the Bonds 
 
Depending on the ranking of the obligations of the Bonds, such Bonds may rank junior in priority of payment to unsubordinated 
creditors, to holders of subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Bonds and/or to creditors preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. In the event of incomplete payment to creditors that rank senior to the ranking of 
the Bonds, the obligations of the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Bonds may be 
terminated. The ranking of the Bonds may accordingly increase the credit risk on the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor as the 
case may be and as a result may increase the likelihood of the occurrence of a Bond Event(s). 
 
7.8    Market Trigger Event 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Market Trigger Event is “Applicable”, if the Calculation Agent determines that the secondary 
mid price of the Notes has fallen below a certain level for a certain period (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Notes 
may be early redeemed at an amount equal to the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value (which may be as low as zero) minus the 
Market Trigger Event Swap Price (which may be a positive or negative amount) and minus the Market Trigger Event Unwind Costs 
(which may be a positive or negative amount) resulting in a redemption amount payable on the notes as low as zero, this amount 
being subject to a floor value equal to zero. As a consequence, the investor may lose all or part of the invested amount.

--- Page 33 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
33 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE 
 
 
INTRODUCTION  
 
The purpose of this section or "User Guide" is to provide a simple tool for investors to help them navigate throughout the various 
documents made available in relation to Notes issued by Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (the "Products" or a "Product").  
 
DOCUMENTATION  
 
For each issue of Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, the following documents are made available to investors systematically:  
 
The Base Prospectus  
 
This document:  
 
o contains the information relating to the Fiduciary and to the Guarantor of the Notes, the general risk factors;  
 
o describes the general terms and conditions of the Notes;  
 
o details all the possible specific characteristics of the Notes, including all possible payoff formulae used to calculate the interest 
and/or the redemption amount(s) due early or at maturity, and a wide range of underlying assets.  
 
These possible payoff formulae are set out, according to the relevant issuance and underlying asset(s), in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes.  
 
The Supplement(s) if any  
 
This document is issued for every significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and is made available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of the Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com).  
 
The Final Terms 
  
This document is issued for each specific issue of Notes and may include, when the context requires it, a summary specific to such 
issue of Notes (referred to as issue specific summary) and contains:  
 
o the general characteristics, e.g. relevant identification codes, specified denomination, etc;  
 
o the financial characteristics, e.g. coupons, redemption formula(e), automatic early redemption mechanism (if any) and the related 
definitions corresponding to a particular Product, as described in the Base Prospectus;  
 
o the underlying asset(s) to which the Product is linked; and  
 
o the relevant dates, e.g. issue date, maturity date, coupon payment date(s), valuation date(s).  
 
The Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and the issue specific summary are available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), when the Notes are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and on the website of the Fiduciary (http://prospectus.socgen.com), when the Notes are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area.  
 
HOW TO NAVIGATE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS

--- Page 34 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
34 
 
 
 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus rely on many generic sections of the Base Prospectus detailed above, but depending on 
the characteristics of the Notes, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to a specific issuance of Notes.  
 
 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
 
Part A, named "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which provides the specific contractual terms of the Product; 
 
Part B, named "OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other information specific to the Notes ; and 
 
1. Sections providing general information on 
the Base Prospectus 
 
 
4. Sections applying to Notes depending on the 
underlying asset(s)of the Note 
. Depending on the Underlying asset(s), one or 
more section(s) will apply 
 
 
3. Section detailing the different payoff 
formulae 
5. Terms of the Guarantee 
RISK FACTORS 
BASE PROSPECTUS - USER GUIDE 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF 
LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED 
NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED 
NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES 
 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE 
SHARES 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE 
FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
GLOSSARY 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
THE VARIOUS SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS:
Sections specific to certain Notes 
Sections common to all Notes 
Table of contents of the Base Prospectus

--- Page 35 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
35 
Only in the case of Non-exempt Offers, a third part is annexed to the applicable Final Terms constituting the issue specific summary 
of the Notes.  
 
Exhaustive information on the Products defined in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. 
The following diagram provides the links between the various clauses in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms and the 
corresponding sections of the Base Prospectus.  
 
 
 
 
 
A. HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
The section “ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE”  is the section of the Base Prospectus where 
all payoff formulae are detailed. 
 
This section contains: 
 
an exhaustive list of Products with their respective Product Formulae, regrouped in Families of Products (Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae); 
 
an exhaustive list of Reference Formulae (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae);  
 
 
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus, the issuer and the 
guarantor 
8. Sections providing additional general 
information 
4. Sections detailing the different payoff 
formulae 
6. Terms of the Société Générale guarantee 
7. Sections relevant to Notes depending on the 
Issuer / guarantor of the Notes 
2. Sections applicable to Notes depending on the 
applicable governing law 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (If required) 
PART A: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS 
Payoff formulae
Description of the Fiduciary Asset Structure 
Description of the Notes 
Schedules and definitions relating to the 
Product 
TITLE 
Issuer and Guarantor of the Notes 
Information linked to sections from the Base Prospectus 
PART B: OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Information relating to settlement/delivery 
Non-exempt Offer  information (if any) 
Performance of Formula, explanation of
effect on the value of investment and
associated risks 
Information specific to the Notes 
5. Sections applying to Notes depending on the 
underlying asset(s) of the Notes. Depending on 
the underlying asset(s), one or more section(s) 
will apply

--- Page 36 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
36 
the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae); and  
 
the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula (Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae). 
 
 
EXAMPLES OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS: FOCUS ON PART A – PAYOFF FORMULA 
 
The best way for an investor to understand a Product is to start reading the applicable Final Terms as they provide all the 
main information relating to the Notes.  
 
Two case studies can be found below, aiming to provide a step-by-step guide for reading the Final Terms. The numbers specified 
before each section below reference the corresponding clauses in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Family 3.1 
Products 
"Certificate" 
Product 3.1.1 
etc. 
Family 3.2 
Products 
"Vanilla" 
Product 3.2.1 
Product 3.2.2 
etc. 
Family 3.10 
Products 
"Credit 
Linked or 
Repack 
Notes" 
Product 3.10.1 
Product 3.10.2 
etc
Variable Data 
needed to feed 
the Product 
Formulae or the 
Reference 
Formulae 
e.g.: Participation, 
Capital Guarantee 
Level, Barrier 
Level, Coupon 
Level, etc… 
Add-ons 
(if applicable) 
e.g.: Memory 
coupon, etc… 
11 Families of Products 
For each Product, there are 3 Product Amounts: 
Structured Interest Amount (if any) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) 
Final Redemption Amount 
each Product Amount is expressed as 
Specified Denomination x Product Formula 
Reference Formulae 
e.g.: Performance, average performance, performance 
based on the minimum/maximum level reached by the 
underlying asset, etc. 
(…) 
(…) 
Each Product Amount describes an 
amount due under the Notes: 
-  
during the life of the product: the 
Structured Interest Amount 
(coupons) 
-  
in case of an automatic early 
redemption: the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or "AERA" 
-  
at maturity: the Final Redemption 
Amount or "FRA" 
For ease of reading, the Products 
with similar characteristics are 
regrouped in Families of Products 
(such as "Vanilla"). 
Each Product is identified with a 
Reference of the Product and a 
Product Name (such as "3.2.1 
European Calls") 
Each Product Formula of each 
Product Amount will be based on a 
Reference Formula (such as 
"Performance" forming part of "4.2 
Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 37 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
37 
 
 
 
CASE STUDY #1: CALL STANDARD 
Product identified by its 
Reference of the Product 
3 possible Product Amounts: 
Structured Interest Amount 
(if any) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) 
Final Redemption Amount 
Expressed as = Specified 
Denomination
Prod ct
Underlying(
s) 
Dates 
Each Product Formula is 
based on reference 
performances or levels 
(Reference Formulae) 
Other 
information 
Variable 
Data 
9. (iv) Reference of the Product: 3.2.5 
15 .(i) Structured Interest Amount(s): Not Applicable 
19. (i) Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
20.     Final Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity 
Date, in accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note: 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is higher than 
or equal to 90% then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination   ×
[90% + 100% x (AverageBasketLevel(1) – 90%)] 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is lower than 90%,  
then: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x 90% 
26. (i) Underlying(s): 
k = 1: Index 1 
k = 2: Index 2 
k = 3: Index 3 
k = 4: Index 4 
27. (i) Definitions relating to dates: 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(1): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
27. (ii) Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
AverageBasketLevel(1) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to 4, of 
Level(i, k).as defined in Condition 4.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae. 
Level(1,k) (k from 1 to 4) means (S(1,k) / S(0,k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
S(i,k) (i from 0 to 1) (k from 1 to 4) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) 
the relevant Closing Price as defined in Condition 4.0 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
FinalStrike_1 
FinalParticipation 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
FinalStrike_2 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2

--- Page 38 ---
Base Prospectus - User Guide 
 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
CASE STUDY #2: ATHENA, APOLLON 
Product identified by its 
Reference of the Product 
3 possible Product Amounts: 
Structured Interest Amount 
(if any) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) 
Final Redemption Amount 
Expressed as = Specified 
Denomination x Product Formula 
Underlying 
Dates 
Each Product Formula is based 
on reference performances or 
levels (Reference Formulae) 
Other 
information 
Variable Data 
9. (iv) Reference of the Product: 3.3.4 with Option 1 applicable 
15 .(i) Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
19. (i) Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
20.  Final Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer shall redeem early the Notes on Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i 
from 1 to 7), in accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note: 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is higher than or equal to -40% then:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × [100% + 9.25% x 8] 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is lower than -40%, then:  
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × [100% + Performance(8)] 
26. (i) Underlying(s): 
Share 1 
27. (i) Definitions relating to dates: 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 8): i = 1: [DD/MM/YYYY], ….,i = 8: [DD/MM/YYYY] 
27. (ii) Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 7), Performance(i) is higher 
than  or equal to 0%. 
Performance(i) (i from 1 to 8) means (S(i) / S(0)) – 100 % as defined in Condition 4.1 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
S(i) (i from 0 to 8) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the Closing Price of the 
Underlying as defined in Condition 4.0 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae. 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × [100% + 9.25% x i]
Unless previously redeemed, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes on the Maturity Date, in
accordance with the following provisions in respect of each Note: 
Coupon_AFRA(i) 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA(i) 
Final Barrier 
BarrierAutocall(i)

--- Page 39 ---
Important Information 
 
39 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION  
 
This Base Prospectus is established pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated as of 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation) and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and the Notes which 
is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor.  
 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference have been extracted from 
sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Fiduciary confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, and are able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Final Terms will (if applicable) 
specify the nature of the responsibility (if any) taken by the Fiduciary for any information relating to any underlying to which the Notes 
may be linked.  
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
None of the Arranger or any Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Arranger or any Dealer as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by either of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes. None of the Arranger or any Dealer accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by either of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Notes.  
 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by any of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.  
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion (or a 
report on either of those things) by any of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of any of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.  
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the 
information contained herein concerning any of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger or any of the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of any of the Fiduciary or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of 
any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER OF NOTES GENERALLY  
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  
 
In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a non-exempt offering of any Notes outside the European Economic 
Area (EEA) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Note comes must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes (see "Subscription, Sale and 
Transfer Restrictions").  
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers 
whether it:

--- Page 40 ---
Important Information 
 
40 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the 
Notes and the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement and in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal 
or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor's currency;  
 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant underlying and financial markets; 
and  
 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to 
bear the applicable risks.  
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal 
investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.  
 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE  
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it 
deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper 
and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.  
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prospective investors should also conduct such 
independent investigation and analysis regarding the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Notes and all other relevant market and economic 
factors as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Notes.  
 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of the Group 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.  
 
ASSESSMENT OF INVESTMENT SUITABILITY  
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own financial circumstances and 
investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, tax and other advisers. In particular, each 
prospective investor should:  
 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the 
Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement;  
 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes;  
 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
and  
 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with 
an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Some Notes which are complex financial instruments may be redeemable at an 
amount below par in which case investors may lose the value of part or their entire investment.  
 
NO LEGAL AND TAX ADVICE

--- Page 41 ---
Important Information 
 
41 
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Guarantor are giving legal or tax advices to the investors. Each prospective investor should consult its 
own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects relating to an investment in the Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes 
may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder of its investment in the Notes.  
 
LEGALITY OF PURCHASE  
 
None of the Fiduciary, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition 
of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction 
in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable 
to it.  
 
TAXATION  
 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or 
duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available in relation to the tax treatment of financial 
instruments such as the Notes. The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Fiduciary’s country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective investors are advised to ask for their 
own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption in respect of the 
Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor.  
 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG - JURISDICTION OF THE FIDUCIARY  
 
The following information is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based on the laws presently 
in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it construed to be, legal or tax advice. In particular, the below does 
not address any potential implication that the Luxembourg law dated 25 March 2020 implementing EU Council Directive 2018/822/EU 
of 25 May 2018 amending the Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation as regards mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-border arrangements in order to disclose 
potentially aggressive tax planning arrangements (also commonly referred to as DAC 6) may have.  
 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular circumstances and the effects 
of state, local or foreign laws to which they may be subject. Holders of Notes who are in doubt as to their tax positions should consult 
their professional advisers. However, investors should note that under Luxembourg law the Fiduciary is not regarded as the beneficial 
owner of the Fiduciary Assets. Therefore it is possible that the Noteholders’ tax treatment will depend on the type of income and gains 
arising from the Fiduciary Assets and the Noteholders’ proportionate share of such income and gains. The Fiduciary has no obligation 
to inquire as to tax residence or status of the holder of any of the Notes or the tax treatment of such income and gains in the hands 
of such holders. In particular, the Fiduciary will not be obliged to make any application for double tax treaty relief or claim a refund of 
tax in relation to tax withheld at source in relation to such income and gains.  
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of a similar 
nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses 
corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), an employment 
fund’s contribution (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may 
further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal 
business tax as well as the employment fund’s contribution invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for 
tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the employment fund’s contribution. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well.  
 
A. Taxation of the Holders of the Notes  
 
WITHHOLDING TAX  
 
a. Non-resident Noteholders  
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made 
to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders.  
 
b. Resident Noteholders  
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the RELIBI), 
there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of 
Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of the Notes. 
 
Under the RELIBI, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for 
the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20% (the

--- Page 42 ---
Important Information 
 
42 
20% Withholding Tax). Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of 
interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the RELIBI would be subject to the 20% Withholding Tax.  
 
Pursuant to the RELIBI, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay 
a 20% tax levy (the 20% Self-applied Tax) on interest payments made by paying agents (for the purposes of RELIBI) located in a 
EU Member State or a State of the European Economic Area other than Luxembourg. If such an option is exercised by an individual 
holder for a fiscal year, that option is irrevocable for that individual holder for that fiscal year, and makes that individual responsible 
for applying and paying the 20% Self-applied Tax in respect of interest they receive on Notes. For these purposes, the ‘paying agent’ 
under the RELIBI is the economic operator which pays interest or allocates the payment of the interest to the immediate benefit of the 
beneficial owner – i.e. the last person in the payment chain before the Luxembourg resident individual.  
 
INCOME TAXATION  
 
c. Non-resident Noteholders  
 
Individual (acting in the course of their private wealth) Noteholders  
 
A non-resident individual Noteholder, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which 
such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised by such non-resident Noteholder on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six (6) months after the 
Notes were acquired.  
 
Corporate / individual (acting in the course of their business) Noteholders  
 
A non-resident corporate Noteholder or a non-resident individual Noteholder acting in the course of the management of a professional 
or business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under 
the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.  
 
d. Resident Noteholders  
 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
 
Corporate Noteholders  
 
A corporate Noteholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any 
gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes.  
 
The same inclusion applies to an individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the RELIBI will be credited against his/her final tax liability. 
 
A Noteholder that is governed (i) by the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate companies, as amended; (ii) by the 
Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended; (iii) by the Luxembourg law of 13 
February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended; (iv) or it is a professional pension institution in the form of variable 
capital companies (société d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) or an association (association d'épargne-pension - 
ASSEP) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of pension 
savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; (v) or it is a Noteholder subject to the law of 
23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, which does not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 
48 thereof, will not be subject to any Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received or accrued on the Notes, any redemption 
premium or issue discount,  or on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes.  
 
Individual Noteholders  
 
An individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax in 
respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied 
on such payments in accordance with the RELIBI, or (ii) the individual Noteholder has opted for the application of a 20% tax in full 
discharge of income tax in accordance with the RELIBI, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in an EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other 
than an EU Member State).  
 
A gain realised by an individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more 
than six (6) months after the Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest 
income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the RELIBI.  
 
Net Wealth Tax  
 
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such

--- Page 43 ---
Important Information 
 
43 
Notes, except if the Noteholder is governed by (i) the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as 
amended; (ii) by the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment; (iii) by the Luxembourg the law 
of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended (iv) by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended; (v) by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment company in risk capital, as amended; (vi) or it is 
a professional pension institution in the form of variable capital companies (société d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAV) 
or an association (association d'épargne-pension - ASSEP) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for 
occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, 
as amended; or (vii) it is a Noteholder that is subject to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended.  
 
However, (i) securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004, as amended; (ii) risk capital companies governed by 
the law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment company in risk capital, as amended; (iii) professional pension institutions in the 
form of variable capital companies (sociétés d’épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAVs) or associations (associations 
d’épargne-pension - ASSEPs) governed by the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement provision in the form of 
pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative 
investment funds under the form of corporations fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof, subject to the law 
of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, should fall within the scope of the minimum net wealth tax, 
which may vary depending on the total amount and type of assets held. Such minimum net wealth tax may either amount to EUR 
4,815 or range between EUR 535 and EUR 32,100.  
 
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such 
Notes/Fiduciary Assets.  
 
Inheritance Tax  
 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his death, the Notes/Fiduciary Assets are included in 
his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.  
 
Gift Tax 
 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes/Fiduciary Assets if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front of a Luxembourg 
notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
 
B. Other taxes  
  
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty (other than nominal court fees) payable 
in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the execution, modification, delivery and enforcement by legal proceedings 
(including any foreign judgment in the courts of Luxembourg) of the Notes or the performance of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the 
Notes (except in circumstances where the Fiduciary Assets comprise Luxembourg situs real estate, ships or airplanes). A registration 
duty will also be due in the case of voluntary registration of the Notes.  
 
NO GROSS-UP RISK  
 
If a withholding or deduction is required by the Tax Residence Jurisdiction and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Gross-
up provision is not applicable, the Fiduciary will not be required to pay such additional amounts. In this case, neither the Fiduciary nor 
any paying agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Consequently, investors will receive such payments net of such withholding tax. In such case, investors should note that they will take 
the risk of any applicable withholding tax and each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying or filing (as applicable) in a timely 
manner any documentary evidence or forms as the investor may be entitled to and as may be required in order to obtain relief or 
reduction of taxes imposed by way of withholding or deduction on payments under the Notes.  
 
In addition, neither the Fiduciary nor any paying agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts to cover any 
amounts withheld or deducted on account of any United States withholding taxes, including taxes under FATCA and Section 871(m) 
as discussed below. Consequently, investors will receive payments net of any applicable United States withholding taxes.  
 
DECLARATION REGARDING INCOME ON COLLATERAL ASSETS  
 
By subscribing for Notes on the Issue Date or by purchasing Notes in the secondary market each Noteholder unconditionally and 
irrevocably declares to the Fiduciary and the Guarantor that all amounts of interest, coupon, dividends or other distributions of income 
in respect of the Collateral Assets shall be paid directly by the relevant obligor to Societe Generale Luxembourg (hereafter SG 
Luxembourg) and shall not be credited to the Fiduciary Account or constitute Fiduciary Assets in respect of the Notes. Holders of 
Notes will therefore have no recourse to any such distributions which have been paid to SG Luxembourg. Under a separate declaration 
(the SG Luxembourg Declaration), SG Luxembourg has unconditionally and irrevocably declared, in respect of each Series of 
Notes, that on the date of receipt of any such amount of interest, coupon, dividend or other distribution of income, it will pay an amount 
equal thereto, in the same currency, to the Related Agreement Counterparty. The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty 
will agree that any such payment by SG Luxembourg to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the SG Luxembourg 
Declaration will automatically discharge any obligation of the Fiduciary under the terms of the Swap Agreement relating to the relevant 
Series of Notes to pay an equivalent distribution to the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
If SG Luxembourg fails to pay a Collateral Asset distribution to the Related Agreement Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the SG Luxembourg Declaration, the Fiduciary will have insufficient funds to pay, and will default in, any obligation to pay an equivalent 
distribution to Related Agreement Counterparty under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, and such event will constitute a

--- Page 44 ---
Important Information 
 
44 
Fiduciary Event and shall cause the Notes to become immediately due and payable (see Liquidation of the Collateral Assets and 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets below). Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk that SG Luxembourg may fail to perform 
its obligations under the SG Luxembourg Declaration.  
 
UNITED STATES IMPORTANT NOTICE  
 
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities law of 
any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of the Fiduciary under the CEA and the CFTC 
Rules, and the Fiduciary has not been and will not be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The 
Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to 
Regulation S.  
 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an "offshore transaction" (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not a U.S. Person, as defined in the General Terms and Conditions; 
and (b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or 
order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined 
under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who 
are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person) and (c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules 
implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account, as described herein a Permitted 
Transferee). The Notes are available only to Permitted Transferees.  
 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.  
 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of or rule under the Securities 
Act.  
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may apply, any offer of Notes 
in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in 
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Fiduciary or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Articles 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the 
dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Fiduciary has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Fiduciary nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Fiduciary or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
  
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES  
 
The Fiduciary is a corporation organised under the laws of Luxembourg. All of the officers and directors named herein reside outside 
the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Fiduciary and of such officers and directors are located outside 
the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process in connection with a cause of action 
under the laws of a jurisdiction other than England and Wales outside Luxembourg upon the Fiduciary or such persons, or to enforce 
judgments against them obtained in courts outside Luxembourg predicated upon civil liabilities of the Fiduciary or such directors and 
officers under laws other than those of Luxembourg, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws.  
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes states "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as Applicable, the Notes, are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling those Notes or otherwise

--- Page 45 ---
Important Information 
 
45 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling those Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes states "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as Applicable, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION  
 
The Fiduciary maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in accordance with financial reporting 
standards which differ in certain important respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP).  
 
OTHER INFORMATION  
 
Resignation and removal of the Fiduciary 
  
Pursuant to General Condition 12.1, the Fiduciary may resign provided a Qualified Financial Institution is appointed as successor in 
accordance with such General Condition 12.1. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Societe Generale Luxembourg will remain 
as the Fiduciary throughout the life of any given Series of Notes.  
 
Priority of claims  
 
During the term of the Notes, where the Collateral Assets are liquidated following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event and 
where Standard Order of Priority is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the claims of the Noteholders to be paid 
amounts due under the Notes will be subordinated to (i) payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Fiduciary 
or the Guarantor, in relation to the Notes, to the Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent (which shall include any taxes required to be 
paid, the costs of any sale of any Collateral Assets (including the distribution of proceeds) and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of the related Notes and the remuneration of the 
Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent); (ii) payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the 
Fiduciary; and (iii) payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the Fiduciary.  
 
Investors in the Notes should be aware that the Final Terms of the Notes may specify a different priority of payments than that set out 
in "Standard Order of Priority" which may result in the claim of the Noteholder being subordinated to a greater extent than that set out 
in "Standard Order of Priority".  
 
Where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Collateral Assets Entitlement in 
respect of each Note will be determined after a sufficient portion of the Collateral Assets has been liquidated in order to fund the 
payment by the Fiduciary of all amounts ranking senior to the claims of the Noteholders in accordance with the foregoing paragraph.  
 
Credit ratings  
 
The Fiduciary may ask one or more independent credit rating agencies (established in the EU and registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) 
and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) to assign credit ratings to a Series of Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
 
In general, European regulated investors should only base their investment decision on credit ratings assigned by credit rating 
agencies that are on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
 
Eurosystem eligibility for New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes  
 
New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes issued under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) may be issued with the intention 
that such Notes be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Notes will be recognised as eligible

--- Page 46 ---
Important Information 
 
46 
collateral, or that, even if recognised, the eligibility will continue during the life of the Notes. Any other Notes are not intended to be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem.  
 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Bearer Notes  
 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher 
integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have a denomination that is not an 
integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.  
 
Structured Notes Linked to SGI Indices  
 
The roles of the various teams involved within Societe Generale in the design, maintenance and replication of indices have been 
strictly defined. The replication of any index is carried out in the same way by a single team within Societe Generale, whether for 
hedging of a product held by external investors or for positions held by Societe Generale. acting as co-investors alongside external 
investors.  
 
Use of Proceeds related to Positive Impact Notes  
 
The Final Terms of the Notes may provide that the Fiduciary intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue 
to finance or refinance, in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities the Eligible Activities), which serve to deliver a positive 
contribution to one or more of the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental and social), once any potential 
negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly identified as defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond framework, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Framework) which is available on the website of Societe Generale 
( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-Sustainable-and-Positive-
Impact-Bond-Framework.pdf ) and as specified in the Final Terms (the Positive Impact Notes).  
 
Positive Impact Notes can be either green (the Green Positive Impact Notes), social (the Social Positive Impact Notes) or 
sustainability (the Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) if an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied to finance or 
refinance Eligible Activities in the green categories, social categories or in both categories (in case of Sustainability Positive Impact 
Notes) pursuant to the Framework.  
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Final Terms and the Framework regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Positive 
Impact Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a sustainable, 
green or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such activity, and the requirements of any such label are currently 
under development. There can be no assurance by the Fiduciary, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of proceeds of the Positive 
Impact Notes identified in the Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor 
or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or regulation or under its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates.  
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any second party opinion or 
certification of any other third party (whether or not solicited by the Fiduciary) that may be made available in connection with the issue 
of any Positive Impact Notes and in particular with any activity to fulfill any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the 
providers 
of 
such 
second 
party 
opinion 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-SPO-update-ISS.pdf ) and as 
specified in the Final Terms and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such second 
party opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Fiduciary or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Positive Impact Notes.  
 
The Arranger or the Dealers do not make any representation as to the suitability of the Positive Impact Notes to fulfil "positive impact" 
criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger or the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment 
of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Positive Impact Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds. Investors should refer to Societe Generale's website ( https://www.societegenerale.com/en/measuring- our-
performance/investors/debt-investors ) or any third party opinion.  
 
INTERPRETATION  
 
1. Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning attributed 
thereto in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus.  
 
2. All references in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms to:

--- Page 47 ---
Important Information 
 
47 
(a) "U.S. dollars" or "U.S.$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States, those to "Sterling" or "£" refer to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, those to "Australian dollars" or "A$" refer to the lawful currency of Australia, those to "Swiss Francs" refer to the 
lawful currency of Switzerland, those to "Japanese Yen" or "¥" refer to the lawful currency of Japan, those to "euro", "Euro" or "€" refer 
to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended and those to "CNY", "CNH”, "Yuan" or "RMB" or "Renminbi" refer to the lawful 
currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC), which for the purpose of this document, excludes Taiwan and the Special 
Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong Kong and Macau;  
 
(b) any three letter alphabetic currency codes, including but not limited to the three letter alphabetic currency codes set out below, 
shall have the meaning given to them pursuant to ISO 4217 (the international standard currency code established by the International 
Organization for Standardization):  
 
 
Alphabeti
c code 
Country 
Currency 
AED 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
ARS 
ARGENTINA 
Argentine Peso 
AUD 
AUSTRALIA 
Australian Dollar 
BGN 
BULGARIA 
Bulgarian Lev 
BHD 
BAHRAIN 
Bahraini Dinar 
BWP 
BOTSWANA 
Botswana Pula 
BRL 
BRAZIL 
Brazilian Real 
CAD 
CANADA 
Canadian Dollar 
CHF 
SWITZERLAND 
Swiss Franc 
CLP 
CHILE 
Chilean Peso 
CNY 
CHINA 
Onshore Chinese Yuan Renminbi 
Renminbi 
(CNH is also code used to refer to Offshore 
Chinese Yuan Renminbi) 
CZK 
CZECH REPUBLIC 
Czech Koruna 
DKK 
DENMARK 
Danish Krone 
EUR 
EUROPEAN MEMBER 
STATES 1  
Euro 
GBP 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Pound Sterling 
GHS 
GHANA 
New Ghanaian cedi 
HKD 
HONG KONG 
Hong Kong Dollar 
HUF 
HUNGARY 
Forint 
ILS 
ISRAEL 
New Israeli Shekel 
IDR 
INDONESIA 
Indonesian Rupiah 
ISK 
ICELAND 
Icelandic Krona 
JOD 
JORDAN 
Jordanian Dinar 
JPY 
JAPAN 
Yen 
KES 
KENYA 
Kenyan Shilling 
 
1 European Member States that have adopted the Euro pursuant to the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 48 ---
Important Information 
 
48 
KWD 
KUWAIT 
Kuwaiti Dinar 
KZT 
KAZAKHSTAN 
Kazakhstan Tenge 
LBP 
LEBANON 
Lebanese Pound 
 
LVL 
 
LATVIA 
 
Latvian Lats 
MAD 
MOROCCO 
Moroccan Dirham 
MUR 
MAURITIUS 
Mauritian Rupee 
MXN 
MEXICO 
Mexican Peso 
MYR 
MALAYSIA 
Malaysian Ringgit 
NAD 
NAMIBIA 
Namibian Dollar 
NGN 
NIGERIA 
Nigerian Naira 
NOK 
NORWAY 
Norwegian Krone 
OMR 
OMAN 
Omani Rial 
NZD 
NEW ZEALAND 
New Zealand Dollar 
PEN 
PERU 
Peruvian Nuevo Sol 
PHP 
PHILIPPINES 
Philippine Peso 
PLN 
POLAND 
Zloty 
QAR 
QATAR 
Qatari Riyal 
RON 
ROMANIA 
Leu 
RUB 
RUSSIA 
Russian Ruble 
SAR 
SAUDI ARABIA 
Saudi Arabian Riyal 
SEK 
SWEDEN 
Swedish Krona 
SGD 
SINGAPORE 
Singapore Dollar 
THB 
THAILAND 
Thai Baht 
TND 
TUNISIA 
Tunisian Dinar 
TRY 
TURKEY 
Turkish Lira 
USD 
UNITED STATES 
U.S. Dollar 
ZAR 
SOUTH AFRICA 
Rand 
 
(c) the "General Terms and Conditions" or the "General Conditions" shall be to the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes;  
 
(d) the "Final Terms" shall be to the final terms document prepared based on the "Form of Final Terms".  
 
STABILISATION  
 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE 
STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE 
FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE 
OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF 
THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE 
OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISING

--- Page 49 ---
Important Information 
 
49 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT  
 
Each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (the Responsible Persons) accept responsibility for the information contained in, or 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and for the information contained in the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and belief of each Fiduciary and the Guarantor (each having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 50 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
50 
 
REGULATORY INFORMATION  
 
Luxembourg law and European legislation regarding the resolution of financial institutions may require the write-down or 
conversion to equity of the Notes or other resolution measures if the Fiduciary is deemed to meet the conditions for 
resolution  
 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the BRRD) entered into force on 2 
July 2014. As a directive, the BRRD was transposed into French law by the ordonnance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 and ratified 
by law no. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la 
corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique). The BRRD has been implemented into Luxembourg law by, among others, 
the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR 
Act 2015). Under the BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission de 
surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council (conseil de 
résolution).  
 
The stated aim of the BRRD and Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union 
of 15 July 2014 (the SRM Regulation) is to provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide 
the authority designated by each EU Member State (the Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic 
functions while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system (including taxpayers’ exposure 
to losses).  
 
Under the SRM Regulation a centralised power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) 
and to the national resolution authorities.  
 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write down/conversion powers to 
ensure that  capital instruments and eligible liabilities absorb losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance 
with a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power) and other resolution measures such as the sale of the institution’s business, the creation 
of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments, removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.  
 
Before taking a resolution measure or exercising the power to write down or convert relevant capital instruments, the Resolution 
Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person 
independent from any public authority.  
 
The BRRD, the BRR Act 2015 and the SRM Regulation however also state that, under exceptional circumstances, if the bail-in 
instrument is applied, the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF, may totally or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application 
of the impairment or conversion powers under certain conditions. 
 
If Societe Generale as Guarantor becomes subject to resolution measures in the form of bail-in, an investor’s residual claim on the 
Guarantor; corresponding to the shortfall between the investor’s initial claim and the net proceeds of the collateral assets, may be 
reduced to zero, converted into equity or its maturity may be postponed. This may result in losses on the invested amount, regardless 
of the capital protection of the product, if any.  
 
Moreover, if the Guarantor’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise of write-
down/conversion powers by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution 
measure with respect to capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) when it determines that the institution or its 
group will no longer be viable could cause the market price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in 
the absence of such powers.  
 
The Notes are fiduciary obligations of the Fiduciary which are segregated from the obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg. In 
principle, such fiduciary obligations should not be affected by the bail-in tool and statutory write-down and conversion powers 
applicable to Societe Generale Luxembourg. However, in case the general bail-in tool and the statutory write-down and conversion 
power were to become applicable to the Fiduciary, the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity (ordinary shares 
or other instrument of ownership) on any application of the bail-in tool, which may result in such Notes’ holders losing some or all of 
their investment (notably, the amount of the outstanding may be reduced, including to zero). Subject to certain conditions, the terms 
of the obligations owed under the Notes may also be varied by the Resolution Council (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest 
payment dates). The exercise of any power under the BRR Act 2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the holders of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Fiduciary to 
satisfy its obligations under any Note.  
 
The BRRD has recently been amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (BRRD II) 
and further implemented within the BRR Act 2015 by the Luxembourg law of 20 May 2021. Article 34-1 of the BRR Act 2015, provides 
a new pre-resolution moratorium power for the CSSF, in its capacity as resolution authority in Luxembourg.  
 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks

--- Page 51 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
51 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) and the euro 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has mostly applied, subject to 
certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Societe Generale) of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The applicable Final Terms 
will specify whether the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.  
 
Each benchmark specified in this Base Prospectus is listed in the table below, with the name of the relevant Administrator providing 
such benchmark.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Administrator appears/does not appear, as the case may be, on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, as specified in the table below.  
 
If "Does not appear and exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that the relevant Administrator does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.  
 
If "Does not appear and non-exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that, as far as the Fiduciary is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the relevant Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.  
 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
EURIBOR  
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute (EMMI)  
Appears  
EUR-EURIBOR- Swap Rate 
11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
EONIA 
European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute (EMMI) 
Appears 
EUR-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
USD-CMS  
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
USD-LIBOR- ICE Swap Rate 
11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration  
Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted 
SHIBOR  
People's Bank of China  
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted  
SONIA 
Bank of England 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
SOFR 
CME 
Group 
Benchmark 
Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
€STR 
ECB 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
SARON 
SIX Swiss Exchange 
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
TONA 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services 
(UK) Limited 
Does not appear and non-
exempted

--- Page 52 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
52 
SORA 
ABS 
Benchmarks 
Administration Co Pte Ltd 
Appears 
HONIA 
Treasury Markets Association 
(TMA) 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
AONIA 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Appears 
CORRA 
Bank of Canada 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
OBFR 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
FOMC Target Rate 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 
Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted 
FTSE MIB index  
FTSE International Limited  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
SGMDGPPB Index - SGI 
Global 
85% 
Progressive 
Protection Bond Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
IND1GMAS Index – Global 
Multi Asset Strategy EUR 
Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDPP90 
Index 
- 
SGI 
Progressive 
Protection 
90 
Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGITEGD 
Index 
- 
SGI 
European Green Deal Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGI World Travel and Leisure 
Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGITGAMA 
Index 
- 
SGI 
Greener 
America 
Ahead 
Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
ERIX 
Index 
- 
European 
Renewable 
Energy 
Total 
Return Index in EUR  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of 
The Robots Index (USD - Net 
Total Return) 
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDDP95 – SGI Dynamic 
Protection 95% Index (EUR – 
Total Return)  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDPP85 – SGI ESG 85% 
Progressive Protection Bond 
Index (EUR – Total Return) 
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGITEGDA - SGI European 
Green Deal AR 5% Index 
(EUR – Adjusted Return) 
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDMC95 - SGI Moorea 
Sustainable Crescendo 95% 
Index (EUR – Total Return)  
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDMJ22 - SGI Multi Asset 
Janvier 2022 90% Index (EUR 
- Total Return)  
Societe Generale  
Appears

--- Page 53 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
53 
SGMDROBT - SG Rise Of 
The Robots VT 9 Index 
(Excess Return - USD) 
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGMDGP85 - SGI Global 
Progressive 
Protection 
85 
(SEK – Total Return) 
Societe Generale  
Appears  
SGIXINFL – SGI Inflation 
Proxy Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGDEINFL – SGI Inflation 
Proxy Index CNTR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXFMLY – SGI Offices run 
by families Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAX – World Water Total 
Return Index in EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAXPC – World Water 
Price Index in EUR Market 
Cap Adjusted 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
AL  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
GI  
European Energy Exchange 
(EEX)  
Appears  
GOA  
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (IBA)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
MCU  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
NI  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
NI3  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PB  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PB3  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
GO  
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (IBA)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PDA  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PD  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PTA  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
PT  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
SI  
ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (IBA)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
ZN  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted  
ZN3  
London 
Metal 
Exchange 
Limited (LME)  
Does not appear and non-
exempted

--- Page 54 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
54 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions 
of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by the Amending 
Regulation.  
 
The Amending Regulation introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by 
conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission, such replacement being limited 
to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks were extended 
until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending 
Regulation applied as of 13 February 2021.  
 
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible 
disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such 
benchmarks. The UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has subsequently confirmed that it would no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021. As such, all euro, Swiss franc and certain Japanese 
yen settings, all sterling LIBOR settings other than 1-, 3-and 6-month sterling LIBOR, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings 
of LIBOR were discontinued on 31 December 2021. Synthetic sterling and Japanese yen LIBOR for 1-, 3- and 6-month settings have 
been published since 4 January 2022, although these LIBOR settings were deemed no longer to be representative of the relevant 
underlying market. The continued publication of the Japanese yen LIBOR settings ceased permanently as from the end of 2022. The 
remaining U.S. dollar settings will cease or no longer be representative immediately after 30 June 2023. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
Benchmarks Regulation, or any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
 
Financial Transactions Tax (FTT)  
 
A proposal of the European Commission (the Commission’s Proposal) was published on 14 February 2013 for a common FTT in 
Belgium, Germany, Greece, Estonia, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member 
States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should however, be exempt. 
 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating 
Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least 
one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. Additional EU Member States may also decide to participate 
and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw.  
 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented on the basis of a note prepared 
by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the participating Member States (excluding Estonia) to continue 
negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the French financial transactions tax model which in principle 
would only concern shares of listed companies whose head office is in a member state of the European Union. However, such 
proposal is still subject to change until a final approval. 
 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding  
 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) may impose a 30% withholding tax on certain 
payments made to certain financial institutions and other entities that do not comply with the requirements under FATCA or to investors 
that fail to provide their broker or custodian with any information, forms, other documentation, or consents (FATCA Documentation) 
that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding.  
 
U.S. Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 
871(m)) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalent amounts paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. Section 871(m) provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set 
forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (such an index, a Qualified Index). Additionally, IRS guidance excludes from the scope 
of Section 871(m) instruments issued prior to January 1, 2023 that are not "delta-one" instruments with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an Underlying Security). If the Fiduciary has

--- Page 55 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
55 
determined withholding under Section 871(m) applies, it will generally apply withholding at a 30% rate without regard to any applicable 
treaty rate(s) or any investor’s individual tax situation.  
 
Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their 
investment in the Notes.  
 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation  
 
Passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) in 2010 in the United States and of 
the European Regulation 648/2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) which entered into force on 16 
August 2012 and took direct effect in the Member States of the European Union, has led to significant structural reforms affecting the 
financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act also contains prohibitions, commonly called, together with the implementing 
regulations, the Volcker Rule, which regulate the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and 
sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity or similar funds. Even though some modifications to the Volcker Rule implementing 
regulations took effect in 2020, the Volcker Rule continues to operate as a constraint on these activities. 
  
Both Title VII (Title VII) of the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR establish comprehensive regulatory regimes for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (collectively referred to in this section as Covered Swaps).  
 
In particular, under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and under EMIR, swaps entered into by any Fiduciary may be required to be 
cleared through a central counterparty, executed on a trading venue, and subject to additional margin and capital, reporting and 
recordkeeping requirements that could result in additional regulatory burdens, costs and expenses (including extraordinary, non-
recurring expenses of such Fiduciary).  
 
In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act, amending the CEA, expanded the definition of a commodity pool to include any form of enterprise 
operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. The Fiduciary has imposed certain restrictions on sales 
in order to fall outside the scope of the CEA. In addition, if Fiduciary were deemed to be a commodity pool, it would be required to 
register as such with the CFTC and the National Futures Association and would have to comply with a number of reporting 
requirements that are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how such Fiduciary could comply with 
certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis.  
 
Investment Company Act  
 
The Fiduciary has not registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as an investment company 
pursuant to the Investment Company Act. Investors in the Notes will not have the protections of the Investment Company Act.  
 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Fiduciary is required, but in violation of the Investment Company 
Act, has failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the SEC 
could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the Fiduciary could sue the Fiduciary and recover any damages 
caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which the Fiduciary is party that is made in, or whose performance involves, a violation 
of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the 
circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be inconsistent with the 
purposes of the Investment Company Act.  
 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulation  
 
For (A) an Index or SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments 
that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF, (B) a Fund or 
(C) ETP or ETF, if from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, Fund Provider of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETF Service Provider of the 
underlying ETF, ETP or ETP Issuer of the underlying ETP, as the case may be, does not make publicly available information or does 
not provide information (either spontaneously or as required pursuant to laws and regulations or contractual arrangements) enabling 
Societe Generale or its affiliates to calculate its market risks as holder of Fund Units, ETF or ETP, as the case may be, to hedge the 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, as if it were holding directly the assets of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETP, as the case 
may be (the FRTB Information), Societe Generale or its affiliates may be subject to significantly higher capital requirements under 
the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law.  
 
The Beneficiaries Register  
 
Pursuant to article 31 of Directive (EU) 2015/849 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of 
the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, and repealing Directive 2005/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and Commission Directive 2006/70/EC of the Commission, as amended (the AMLD) which has been implemented into Luxembourg 
by the Luxembourg law of 10 July 2020 establishing a register of fiduciaries and trusts (the Fiduciaries Register Law), the Fiduciary 
is required to maintain and file certain information in a register containing certain information on, amongst others, the beneficiaries or 
class of beneficiaries (the Beneficiaries) of the fiduciary estate (the Beneficiaries Register).  
 
Failure by the Fiduciary to obtain information on the Beneficiaries or complying with its obligations in respect of the Beneficiaries 
Register may have an adverse effect on the Fiduciary and/or the Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
The Fiduciary Contract 
56 
 
THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT 
 
 
The following is a description of the Fiduciary Contract which will be incorporated into each Note and will appear on any Bearer Note 
and Registered Note. 
 
Each Note is one of a Series of Notes issued by the Fiduciary on a fiduciary basis, each Note evidencing the existence of a fiduciary 
contract on the terms and subject to the conditions described below (the Fiduciary Contract) between the holder of such Note and 
the Fiduciary as fiduciary issuer. The Fiduciary Contract is a contrat fiduciaire governed by the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 
relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended (the Law). By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, each Noteholder 
will be deemed to have accepted, acknowledged and agreed to all the provisions of the Fiduciary Contract. There may be one or 
several Series issued under the same fiduciary estate. 
 
The Terms and Conditions form part of the Fiduciary Contract and set out the rights of each Noteholder under the Fiduciary Contract 
and certain duties, powers and discretions of the Fiduciary. Subject to General Condition 3.2, the Fiduciary shall and hereby 
undertakes to perform such duties and to exercise such powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders. In connection 
with the exercise by the Fiduciary of its powers and discretions (including, without limitation, any modification, authorisation or waiver), 
the Fiduciary shall have regard to the best interest of the Noteholders as a class and, in particular, shall not consider the consequences 
of the exercise of its powers and discretions for individual Noteholders.  As a consequence, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, 
from the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any 
such exercise upon individual Noteholders. 
 
The Fiduciary undertakes to exercise its rights under the Related Agreements and/or the Fiduciary Assets (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions) and its corresponding duties, powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders, and to account to the Noteholders for all payments of principal, interest or any other sums received by it 
thereunder, in such a manner as to give effect to the Terms and Conditions. 
 
The Fiduciary is not obliged to account to the Noteholders in respect of any fees, expenses, commissions, premiums or other costs 
received and/or paid by it in respect of its appointment as Fiduciary or in connection with its operations as Fiduciary, nor for any 
interest earned by it on amounts held by it from time to time on behalf of the Noteholders, whether or not such payments were made 
through Related Agreements. 
 
The Fiduciary makes no representation or warranty and assumes no liability for, or responsibility or obligation in respect of, the legality, 
validity or enforceability of the Related Agreements, the Fiduciary Assets or any of them, the performance and observance by any 
Fiduciary Assets Obligor (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions) of their obligations in respect of the Related Agreements 
or the recoverability of any monies due or to become due under the Related Agreements or the Fiduciary Assets. The Fiduciary is 
under no obligation to seek or maintain any insurance in respect of any Fiduciary Assets or any part of the Fiduciary Assets. 
 
The Fiduciary does not represent the Noteholders and shall be under no obligation to the Noteholders other than that of faithful 
performance of its undertakings, duties, rights, powers and discretions under the Fiduciary Contract as set forth above and, in the 
event of a Collateral Liquidation Event, shall be under no obligation to apply the proceeds of any rights of set-off, banker’s lien or 
counterclaim arising out of other transactions between the Fiduciary and any Fiduciary Assets Obligor in payment of the Notes. The 
Fiduciary shall have no obligation to monitor the performance of any Fiduciary Assets Obligor and is under no obligation to disclose 
information relating to the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements. 
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be precluded from making any contracts or entering into any business transaction in 
the ordinary course of their business with any Fiduciary Assets Obligor or from owning in any capacity any Notes or transacting in 
any assets equivalent to those comprised in the Fiduciary Assets at any time, and neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be 
accountable to the Noteholders for any profits resulting therefrom. The Fiduciary may consult on any legal matter with any legal 
advisers selected by it and shall incur no liability for actions taken, or suffered to be taken, with respect to such matter in good faith in 
reliance upon the opinion of such legal advisers, unless the Fiduciary has been grossly negligent (faute grave) or is guilty of wilful 
misconduct (dol). 
 
Consistent with the Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to enforce their rights under 
the Notes or the Coupons or to compel any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to comply with its obligations under a Related Agreement or in 
relation to a Fiduciary Asset, even in the case of the Fiduciary’s failure to act or the insolvency of the Fiduciary. However, if, under 
the Fiduciary Assets and/or Related Agreements, the Fiduciary is entitled and, furthermore, has, pursuant to the Fiduciary Contract 
in respect of each Note, become obliged to take legal action against a Fiduciary Assets Obligor and has failed to take such action 
within a reasonable time, then (if and to the extent such failure is continuing), each Noteholder is individually entitled to institute 
indirect legal action (action oblique) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Luxembourg civil code against the Fiduciary 
Assets Obligor in lieu of the Fiduciary and on its behalf.  
 
The rights of the Fiduciary in respect of the Related Agreements and other Fiduciary Assets are Fiduciary Assets of the Fiduciary and 
are held for the exclusive benefit (save as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and at the sole risk of the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to the Law, the Fiduciary Assets are segregated from all other assets of the Fiduciary (including all other fiduciary assets 
the Fiduciary may hold pursuant to fiduciary contracts with third parties) and are not available to meet the claims of creditors of the 
Fiduciary other than creditors (including the Noteholders) whose rights derive from the Fiduciary Contract or exist as a result of the 
creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets. In a liquidation of the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary Assets are not part of the estate of the 
Fiduciary. They may be attached only by persons whose rights exist as a result of the creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets.

--- Page 57 ---
The Fiduciary Contract 
57 
The Noteholders waive, to the extent legally possible, the right to request the early termination of the Fiduciary Contract in accordance 
with article 7(6) of the Law. 
 
Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the amended Luxembourg act of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended are not 
applicable in respect of the Notes. 
 
The Notes do not constitute personal debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg, being obligations that relate to the 
personal estate of Societe Generale Luxembourg, but are solely fiduciary obligations of the Fiduciary in accordance with 
the Law and may only be satisfied out of the Fiduciary Assets. Such obligations are conditional upon the due and timely 
performance by each Fiduciary Assets Obligor of its obligations, including in respect of payments and deliveries, under the 
relevant Related Agreements and/or the relevant Fiduciary Assets.  
 
The entitlement of Noteholders to receive payments and/or deliveries under the Notes is entirely dependent upon the receipt 
by the Fiduciary of payments and/or deliveries, as the case may be, in respect of the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related 
Agreements. No other assets of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (either in its personal capacity or as fiduciary in respect 
of any other series of fiduciary investments or fiduciary estate) will be available for payments of any amounts not received 
and/or deliveries of assets not delivered under the relevant Related Agreements or Fiduciary Assets and any shortfall will 
be borne exclusively by the Noteholders.  All claims in respect of such shortfall shall be automatically extinguished and the 
Noteholders shall have no further recourse against the Fiduciary in respect of any unpaid amounts and will accordingly not 
be able to petition for the winding-up of the Fiduciary as a consequence of such shortfall.

--- Page 58 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
58 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
 
Certain Tranches of Notes may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to below as a Non-exempt Offer. 
 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check that such entity has been 
given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer before agreeing to purchase any Notes.  
 
The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer: 
 
- any entity named as a Dealer in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
- if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(a) any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific consent to use the 
Base Prospectus; or 
 
(b) any financial intermediary named on the website of the Fiduciary ( http://prospectus.socgen.com ) as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the 
applicable Final Terms); and 
 
(c) if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, any financial 
intermediary authorised to make such offers under MiFID II who has published the Acceptance Statement (as defined 
below) on its website. 
 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions.  
 
For Non-exempt Offers which will close after the validity of this Base Prospectus, investors should refer to the succeeding 
base prospectus which will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com . 
 
Other than as set out above, the Fiduciary has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any person and the 
Fiduciary has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes.  
 
The Fiduciary consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer for a period up to 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
1. CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5(1) OF THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
 
In the context of any offer of Notes that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor accepts responsibility, in each Relevant State (as defined 
below) for which it has given its consent (each a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction) as specified below, for the content of the Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of Notes is made 
by any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consent to use the Base Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror), where the offer 
is made during the period for which that consent is given in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent was given and is 
in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out 
under "Type of Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to any Non-
exempt Offer and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that 
Authorised Offeror. 
 
However, neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including the non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
 
Neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the case of a Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes in a Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) other than a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction or in a Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction but made by a financial intermediary to which the Fiduciary has not given its consent. Such unauthorised Non-
exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer and neither the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for the actions of any person making such offers and the related 
consequences.

--- Page 59 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
59 
Save as provided above, neither the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises that any Non-exempt Offers of 
Notes may be made in circumstances which would require the Fiduciary to publish a prospectus or a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, such 
prospective investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the prospective investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this 
Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
 
2. TYPE OF CONSENT 
 
Subject to the conditions set out below under "Conditions to Consent" and if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to 
any Tranche of Notes, the Fiduciary consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes 
during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period). 
 
The consent given by the Fiduciary may be an individual consent (an Individual Consent) and/or a general consent (a General 
Consent), each as further described below and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.1 Individual Consent 
 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the Fiduciary 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by the relevant Dealer and by: 
 
(i) any financial intermediary (other than a Dealer) acting in association with the Fiduciary named Initial Authorised Offeror, whose 
name and address are specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(ii) any financial intermediary acting in association with the Fiduciary, appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms, and 
named Additional Authorised Offeror, whose name and address will be published on the website of the Fiduciary 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
 
 
2.2 General Consent 
 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the Fiduciary 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt Offer of Notes to any financial intermediary acting 
independently from the Fiduciary named General Authorised Offeror which: 
 
(i) holds all necessary licences, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including 
from any regulatory body), applicable to the Non-exempt Offer of the Notes to be authorised to do such offer under the applicable 
laws of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II; and 
 
(ii) publishes on its website a statement that it makes such Non-exempt Offer of Notes based on the General Consent given by the 
Fiduciary for the use of the Base Prospectus (the Acceptance Statement): 
 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Notes] (the Notes) described in the Final 
Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by [Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.] (the Fiduciary) [and Societe Generale 
(the Guarantor)]. We hereby accept the offer by the Fiduciary [and the Guarantor] of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus 
(as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the [insert title of relevant Notes] in accordance with the terms and 
subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and confirm that we are using the Base 
Prospectus accordingly." 
 
Through this publication on its website, the General Authorised Offeror commits itself to respect the following conditions: 
 
(a) it acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body applicable to the 
Non-exempt Offer of the Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II (hereinafter 
the Rules) and makes sure that (i) any investment advice in the Notes by any person is appropriate, (ii) the information to prospective 
investors including the information relating to any expenses (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by this 
General Authorised Offeror under the offer of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed prior to the investment in the Notes; 
 
(b) it complies with the restrictions set out under the section "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus 
related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted as a Dealer in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and considers the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(c) ensure that the existence of any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid by the relevant 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Noteholders 
or prospective investors prior to their investment in the Notes and to the extent required by the Rules, provides further information in 
respect thereof ; 
 
(d) it complies with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and "know your customer" rules (including, 
without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such rules, to establish and document the identity of each prospective

--- Page 60 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
60 
investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where 
the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application monies; it retains investor identification records for at 
least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the Fiduciary 
and/or the relevant Dealer or directly to the competent authorities with jurisdiction over the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer in 
order to enable the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and "know 
your customer" rules applying to the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
 
(e) co-operate with the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, without limitation, documents 
and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (d) above ) and such further assistance as reasonably requested upon written request 
from the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame 
set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information that is available to or can be acquired by the 
relevant financial intermediary:  
 
(i) in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Notes, the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
 
(ii) in connection with any complaints received by the Fiduciary and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Fiduciary and/or the 
relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by any regulator 
of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
 
(iii) which the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or as to allow 
the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
 
(f) it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Fiduciary or the relevant Dealers to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or 
make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
 
(g) it meets any other condition specified under the clause "General Consent/Other conditions to consent"  in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 
(h) it commits itself to indemnify the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable), the relevant Dealer, Societe Generale and each of its 
affiliates for any damage, loss, expense, claim, request or loss and fees (including reasonable fees from law firms) incurred by one 
of these entities because of, or in relation with, any failure by this General Authorised Offeror (or any of its sub-distributors) to respect 
any of these obligations above;  
 
(i) it has knowledge of, and is committed to complying with the laws and regulations relating to anti-bribery, corruption and Influence 
Peddling, including any changes thereto, applicable to its activities; 
 
(j) neither it nor, to the best of its knowledge, any of the persons whom it controls (including its directors, officers or employees, each 
a “Controlled Person”), nor any sub-distributor or intermediary it has mandated for the purposes of its activities, has committed or 
will commit any Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling directly or indirectly, in each case to or for the use or benefit of, any person or any 
government official (which shall include any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity 
for or on behalf of any government of any jurisdiction, any public international organisation, any political party, or any quasi-
governmental body). 
 
Where:  
 
“Corrupt Act” shall mean the deliberate act (i) of giving, offering or promising directly or indirectly through others such as third party 
intermediaries, or (ii) soliciting or accepting, directly or indirectly through others such as third party intermediaries, any offer, donation, 
gift, invitation, reward or anything of value to any person (including any Public Official), for themselves or for a third party, that would 
or could be perceived either as an inducement to commit an act of corruption or as a deliberate act of corruption, in each case with a 
view to inducing any person (including a Public Official) to perform their functions improperly or dishonestly and/or getting any undue 
benefit.  
 
“Influence Peddling” shall mean the deliberate act of (i) giving, offering or promising to any person (including any Public Official), or 
(ii) yielding to any person (including any Public Official) who solicits, at any time, directly or indirectly, any offer, donation, gift, invitation, 
reward, or anything of value, for themselves or for others, in each case to abuse or for having abused their real or supposed influence 
with a view to obtaining from a Public Official any favourable decision or undue benefit. 
 
“Public Official” shall mean elected officials, dignitaries, candidates for public office, members of royal families, magistrates, officials 
or employees, regardless of their grade, or any person belonging to or acting on behalf of (i) a government (foreign, national or local) 
including any department, agency, regulator or one if their bodies or instrumentalities, (ii) a government department or public authority 
(including but not limited to customs or tax authorities, embassies and all bodies issuing permits, (iii) a local or regional public service, 
(iv) a State-owned or controlled enterprise (public hospitals, universities, sovereign investment funds or any other state-sponsored 
entity), (v) a political party, or (vi) an international court or public organisation (e.g. the UN); 
 
(k) it has put in place appropriate rules and procedures, in a form and manner mandated by law and/or appropriate for a business of 
its size and resources, aiming at (i) preventing any Corrupt Act and Influence Peddling from being committed by itself, its Controlled 
Persons and – if any – its sub-distributor or other intermediaries it has mandated for the purpose of its activities and (ii) ensuring that 
any evidence or suspicion of a Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling is investigated and handled with the appropriate diligence. Any 
Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling related to its Activities shall be promptly reported to Societe Generale or the Fiduciary to the extent 
permitted by applicable law and acted upon accordingly;

--- Page 61 ---
Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
 
61 
(l) neither it nor any of its agents, sub-distributors or Controlled Persons is ineligible or treated by any governmental or international 
authority as ineligible to tender for any contract or business with, or to be awarded any contract or business by, such authority on the 
basis of any actual or alleged Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling; 
 
(m) It has kept adequate reasonably detailed books, adequate records and accounts in respect of its activities, in a form and manner 
appropriate for a business of its size and resources; 
 
(n) it represents and warrants that it shall not distribute financial instruments to, or enter into any arrangement with respect to financial 
instruments with, Sanctioned Persons. It shall implement and maintain appropriate safeguards designed to prevent any action that 
would be contrary to this section.  
 
Where: 
 
“Sanctioned Person” means any individual or entity that is a designated target of Sanctions or is otherwise subject of Sanctions, 
including without limitation, as a result of being (a) owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any person/entity or persons/entities 
which is or are a designated target of Sanctions, or (b) organized under the laws of, or a resident of, any country or territory that is 
subject to comprehensive or country-wide Sanctions;  
 
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or enforced by 
any of the following (or by any agency of any of the following): 
(a)    the United Nations;  
(b)    the United States of America; 
(c)    the United Kingdom; or 
(d)    the European Union or any present or future member state thereof; 
 
(o) it undertakes to promptly inform Societe Generale or the Fiduciary of (a) any complaint received in relation to its activities or the 
financial instruments; or (b) any event affecting it, including but not limited to any of: (i) a regulatory investigation or audit of it or its 
affiliates, partners or agents; (ii) legal proceedings initiated by a competent regulatory authority against it or its affiliates, partners or 
agents; or (iii) a judgment rendered or penalty levied against it or its affiliates, partners or agents, which in each case might reasonably 
involve a reputational risk for Societe Generale or the Fiduciary; and 
  
(p) it acknowledges that its commitment to respect the obligations above is governed by Luxembourg law and agrees that any related 
dispute is brought before the courts of Luxembourg. 
 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus for a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in accordance with 
this General Consent and the related conditions is required, during the time of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its 
website the Acceptance Statement. 
 
3. CONDITIONS TO CONSENT    
 
The consent by the Fiduciary to the use of the Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to 
the conditions described in paragraph "Type of Consent" above if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" 
in the applicable Final Terms) that such consent: 
 
(a) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(b) only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in France, 
Luxembourg, Portugal and Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The only Relevant States for which each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor has given a consent for the making of Non-exempt 
Offers and which may be so specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in the paragraph 3(b) as Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions will be France, Luxembourg, Portugal and Spain. 
 
4. ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
 
A prospective investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and sales of the 
Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, allocation and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions 
of the Non-exempt Offer). The Fiduciary will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than the Dealer) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the relevant Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms will not 
contain such information. 
 
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to the Investors by the 
Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made. None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any Dealer (except 
where such Dealer is the relevant Authorised Offeror) has any responsibility or liability to an Investor in respect of such 
information.

--- Page 62 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
62 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
1. LIST OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have 
been filed with the CSSF and SIX Swiss Exchange, shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
 
The documents incorporated by reference in paragraph 1.1 below are direct and accurate translations into English of the original 
version of such documents issued in French. Societe Generale accepts responsibility for such translations.  
 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the office of Societe Generale 
and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, in each case at the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus.  
 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference hereinto are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
website (www.luxse.com).  
 
The content of websites or URLs referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
 
1.1 Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale  
 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale incorporates itself documents by 
reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. Any reference to documents incorporated by 
reference relating to Societe Generale shall be deemed to exclude the parts referred to in (i), (ii) and (iii) in the subparagraphs below.  
 
1.1.1 2022 Universal Registration Document  
 
The expression "2022 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Document d’enregistrement universel 
2022 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed with the AMF on 9 March 2022 under no. D. 22-0080, except for (i) 
the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal registration document and 
the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 646 and (iii) the cross 
reference tables, pages 648 to 656.  
 
The cross reference table in relation to the 2022 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.1 below.  
 
The 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
website 
( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2022-03/Universal-Registration-Document-2022.pdf).  
 
 
1.1.2   2023 Universal Registration Document  
 
The expression "2023 Universal Registration Document" means collectively : 
 
- the English version of the Document d’Enregistrement Universel 2023 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed 
with the AMF on 13 March 2022 under no. D.23-0089, except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of 
the person responsible for the universal registration document and the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief 
Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 674 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages 676 to 683. 
 
- the First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on 12 May 2023 under no. D.23-0089-A01. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2023 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.2 below. 
 
The 
2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
website 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-03/2023-Universal-Registration-Document_EN.pdf   
 
The First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe Generale Website : 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-05/Societe-Generale-URD-1st-amendment-12-05-2023.pdf 
 
 
1.2 Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
1.2.1 Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2021  
 
The expression 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements means the English version of the consolidated financial statements, 
consolidated management report and report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. which 
contains, among others, the annual financial statements audited for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.  
 
The cross reference table in relation to 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements the appears in the paragraph 2.2.1. below.

--- Page 63 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
63 
The 
2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Fiduciary’s 
website 
(https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/REPORTS/60518_SGL_CONSOLIDATED_FINANCI
AL_STATEMENTS_2021_BRO.pdf )  
 
1.2.2 Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2022  
 
The expression 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements means the English version of the consolidated financial statements, 
consolidated management report and report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. which 
contains, among others, the annual financial statements audited for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.  
 
The cross reference table in relation to 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements the appears in the paragraph 2.2.2. below.  
 
The 
2022 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Fiduciary’s 
website 
(https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/REPORTS/RA_SGL_temp_2022.pdf)  
 
1.3 Documents incorporated by reference in respect of Previous Base Prospectus  
 
The expression Previous Base Prospectus means collectively the July 2019 Base Prospectus, the June 2020 Base Prospectus the 
June 2021 Base Prospectus and the June 2022 Base Prospectus.  
 
To the extent that the Previous Base Prospectus incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed 
incorporated by reference herein.  
 
The cross reference table in relation to the Previous Base Prospectus appears in paragraph 2.3 below.  
 
When the Form of Final Terms that appears in the Previous Base Prospectus is incporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the 
introduction paragraph of such previous Form of Final Terms is no longer valid and the introduction paragraph of the Form of Final 
Terms set out in this Base Prospectus must be used.  
 
1.3.1 The expression "July 2019 Base Prospectus" means collectively:  
 
- the fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 4 July 2019;  
 
- the supplement dated 23 September 2019;  
 
- the supplement dated 22 October 2019;  
 
- the supplement dated 27 November 2019;  
 
- the supplement date 22 January 2020;  
 
- the supplement date 24 February 2020  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the supplement dated 16 June 2020 is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 4 July 2019 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SGBT_Fiduciary%20Note%20Issuance%20Programme%2004.07.2019).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
23 
September 
2019 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%201_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_%2
023.09.2019).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
22 
October 
2019 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%202_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_%2
022.10.2019).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
27 
November 
2019 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%203_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_27.
11.2019).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
22 
January 
2020 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%203_SGBT%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programme_27.
11.2019).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
24 
February 
2020 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%205_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programm
e_24.02.2020).  
 
1.3.2 The expression "June 2020 Base Prospectus" means collectively:

--- Page 64 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
64 
- the fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus date 24 June 2020;  
 
- the supplement dated 18 September 2020  
 
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 24 June 2020 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20LUXEMBOURG_FIDUCIARY%20NOTES%20ISSUANCE%20PROGRAMM
E_24.06.2020).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
18 
September 
2020 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%201_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programm
e_18.09.2020).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the supplement dated 8 April 2021 is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
 
 1.3.3 The expression "June 2021 Base Prospectus" means :  
 
- the fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 18 June 2021;  
 
- the supplement dated 12 August 2021; 
 
- the supplement dated 22 April 2022 
 
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 18 June 2021 is available on prospectus.socgen website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20LUXEMBOURG_FIDUCIARY%20NOTE%20ISSUANCE%20PROGRAMM
E_18.06.2021).  
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
12 
August 
2021 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
( 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%201_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Programm
e-12.08.2021 ). 
 
The 
supplement 
dated 
22 
April 
2022 
is 
available 
on 
prospectus.socgen 
website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Supplement%202_SG%20Lux%20Fiduciary%20Notes%20Issuance%20Program
me-22.04.2022  ).  
 
1.3.4 The expression "June 2022 Base Prospectus" means :  
 
- the fiduciary note issuance programme dated 17 June 2022; 
 
The fiduciary note issuance programme prospectus dated 17 June 2022 is available on prospectus.socgen website ( 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20LUXEMBOURG_FIDUCIARY%20NOTE%20ISSUANCE%20PROGRAMM
E_17.06.2022 ). 
 
2. CROSS REFERENCE TABLES OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The non-incorporated parts (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any part not listed in the cross-reference lists below) and the 
non-incorporated documents are not incorporated by reference as they are not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere in 
the Base Prospectus.  
 
References to pages appearing in each of the cross-reference tables are to those of each document incorporated by reference.  
 
2.1 Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale 
 
2.1.1 2022 Universal Registration Document  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980  
2022 Universal Registration Document  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES OF THE ISSUER  
Historical financial information  
10 ; 30-51 ; 146 ; 349-615

--- Page 65 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
65 
Financial statements  
350-615 
Consolidated Balance sheet  
350-351 
Consolidated income statement  
352 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial 
statements  
357-537 
Cash flow statement  
355 
Changes in shareholders’ equity  
354 
Parent Company Balance sheet  
551-552 
Parent Company income statement  
552 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial 
statements  
553-608 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information  
538-543; 609-615  
 
2.1.2   2023 Universal Registration Document  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
2023 Universal Registration Document 
RISK FACTORS 
163-174 
Risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and regulatory 
environments 
163-167

--- Page 66 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
66 
Credit and counterparty risks 
168-169 
Market and structural risks 
169-170 
Operational risks (including risk of inappropriate conduct) and model 
risks 
171-174 
Liquidity and funding risks 
171 
Risks related to insurance activities 
174 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
History and development of the company 
7 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
643 
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) 
of the Issuer 
643 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer 
643 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, applicable legislation, country of 
incorporation, address and telephone number of its registered office and 
website 
643 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal activities 
8-10 ; 18-26 ; 54-58 
Principal markets 
8-17 ; 18-26 ; 28-29 ; 67-68 ; 506-507 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
Summary description of the Group and the Issuer's position within it 
8-10 ; 28-29 
TREND INFORMATION 
65-66 ; 16-17 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
 
Board of Directors and senior management 
70-111 
Administrative bodies and senior management's conflicts of interest 
158 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Control of the Issuer 
639-640 ; 642 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF 
THE ISSUER

--- Page 67 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
67 
Historical financial information 
10 ; 30-45 ; 162 ; 374-634 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
374-375 
Consolidated income statement 
376 
Changes in shareholders’ equity 
378 
Cash flow statement 
379 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial 
statements 
557-563 
Financial statements 
506-634 
Parent Company Balance sheet 
571-572 
Parent Company income statement 
572 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial 
statements 
628-634 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information 
557-563 ; 628-634  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
624-627 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
65 
 
2.1.3 First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
First Amendment to the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
RISK FACTORS 
NA 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
1 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal activities 
6-29 
Principal markets 
6-29 
Important events in the development of the business 
6-9 
Strategy and objectives 
3-5 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
Most significant recent trends in production, sales and inventory, and costs 
and selling prices since the end of the last financial year. Any significant 
change in the financial performance of the Group or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
31

--- Page 68 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
68 
Trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likelmy to have a material effect on the issuer's prospects for 
at least the current financial year 
3-5 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
 
Board of Directors and senior management 
34-36 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
6-29 
Pro forma financial information 
28-29 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
42-45 
 
2.2 Cross reference tables relating to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
2.2.1 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements  
pages  
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé 
24-27 
Consolidated Financial statements 
28-161 
Consolidated balance sheet 
28-29 
Consolidated income statement 
30 
Consolidated statement of net income and unrealised 
or deferred gains and losses 
31 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
34 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements 
35-161 
Shareholders’ Equity 
32-33 
 
 
2.2.2 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements  
 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements  
pages  
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises Agréé 
23-29 
Consolidated Financial statements 
30-217 
Consolidated balance sheet 
30 
Consolidated income statement 
32 
Consolidated statement of net income and unrealised 
or deferred gains and losses 
33 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
35 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements 
36-217

--- Page 69 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
69 
Shareholders’ Equity 
31 
 
 
2.3 Cross reference table relating to Previous Base Prospectus 
 
Previous 
Base 
Prospectuses  
Section  
Pages  
July 2019 Base Prospectus  
 
Base prospectus  
Form of Final Terms  
144-211  
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes  
212-361  
Additional Terms and Conditions  
362-833  
Supplement dated 23 
September 2019  
Form of Final Terms  
 
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes  
 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
Relating to Formulae  
 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
Index Linked Notes  
 
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI 
Index Linked Notes  
29-30  
 
30-33  
 
 
34  
 
 
35-36  
 
 
36-38  
Supplement dated 22 
October 2019  
Form of the Final Terms  
 
General Terms and Conditions  
 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating to Formulae  
8-14  
 
14-19  
 
19-29  
Supplement dated 27 
November 2019  
Form of the Final Terms  
 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes  
5  
 
6-7  
Supplement dated 22 
January 2020  
Form of the Final Terms  
 
General Terms and Conditions  
9  
 
10-11  
Supplement dated 24 
February 2020  
Form of Final Terms  
2  
June 2020 Base Prospectus  
Base prospectus  
Form of Final Terms  
 
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes 
 
Additional Terms  and Conditions  
85-159 
 
160-308 
 
 
309-752 
Supplement dated 18 
September 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Notes 
6 
 
6-7 
June 2021 Base Prospectus

--- Page 70 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
 
 
70 
Base prospectus  
Form of Final Terms  
85-164 
 
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes 
165-319 
Additional Terms  and Conditions 
320-767 
Supplement dated 12 
August 2021 
Important information relating to non-
exempt offers of Notes 
 
Form of Final Terms 
 
General Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes 
3 
 
 
3 
 
3-4 
Supplement dated 22 
April 2022 
Risk Factors 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
Description of Societe Generale 
 
General Information 
3 
 
3-5 
 
5 
 
5-6 
June 2022 Base Prospectus 
Base Prospectus 
Form of Final Terms 
 
General terms and conditions of the 
Notes 
 
Additionnal terms and Conditions 
72-158 
 
159-272 
 
273-603

--- Page 71 ---
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
 
 
71 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS  
 
In this section the expression necessary information means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Fiduciary and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
  
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to complete the 
necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will therefore be contained either in the applicable Final Terms or in a 
Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a 
significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all 
of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of such Tranche of Notes only, 
complete the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as completed to the extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will 
be the Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
 
The Fiduciary and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued, offered to the public, and/or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus will be submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and will be 
made available. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to 
such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  
 
In accordance with Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Drawdown Prospectus will be drawn up as a single document, 
incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
 
 
72 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
If at any time the Fiduciary shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Fiduciary will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus (or a new Base Prospectus, as applicable) as required (for supplements) by Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto or new Base 
Prospectus as such Dealer may reasonably request.  
 
The Fiduciary has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant 
new factor, material mistake, material inaccuracy or omission relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the 
purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Fiduciary, the Group and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Fiduciary shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes, and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.  
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (a Supplement) in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. Such Supplement as 
prepared will have to be approved by the CSSF. Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus provided that any such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of supplement to the Base Prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
In the case of Notes subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance with Article 23(2a) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any Supplement is published have the right, exercisable 
within two working days after the publication of this Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the securities, 
whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Fiduciary or the offeror. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be 
stated in the Supplement.

--- Page 73 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
73 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where: 
 
* will apply if the minimum denomination is less than €100,000 
** will apply if the minimum denomination is at least €100,000 
 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach: 
 
 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included: 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
OR 
 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach: 
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER  2  [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR  3  [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; [and (iii) the determination of the appropriate channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients has been made and is available on the website http://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt ]][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] 4 ]] 
 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included: 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER  5 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
 
2 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.  
3 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure 
execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.  
4 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.   
5 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).

--- Page 74 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
74 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR  6 [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; [and (iii) the determination of the 
appropriate channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients has been made and is available on the website 
http://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt ] [, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]  7]  8] 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Dated [●] 
 
[The following language applies if the Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange or distributed in or from Switzerland: 
 
The Notes  described in these Final Terms do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Notes are not subject to 
authorisation and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and investors in the  
Notes will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Notes will bear a credit risk 
on [the Fiduciary] [and the Guarantor].] 
 
[Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or 
the Fiduciary wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[Legend to be included if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or 
the Fiduciary wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[To be included if Notes are offered in Singapore and the classification differs from that specified on the cover page of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Fiduciary has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)] 
 
6 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness.   
7 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
8 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an 
approval of this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors 
on a non-exempt basis.

--- Page 75 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
75 
 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.  
 
(acting in a fiduciary capacity pursuant to the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, 
as amended)  
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI) for the Collateral Pool: [•]  
 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe Generale]  
under the Fiduciary Note Issuance Programme  
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the heading “General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes” in the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 [,which constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to such Base Prospectus [dated [⚫]] [and any [other] supplement] published prior to the 
Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s))]; provided, however, that to the extent such Supplement (i) is published after 
these Final Terms have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions as set out under the heading “General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, such change shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final 
Terms relate. Full information on the Fiduciary [in case of Secured Notes: the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s). Prior to acquiring an interest in 
the Notes described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information provided in these Final Terms, the 
Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aware of the restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of such Notes in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.] Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for inspection 
from the head office of the Fiduciary, [the Guarantor,] the specified offices of the Paying Agents and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and, in the case of Non-exempt Offers; on the website of the Fiduciary ( http://prospectus.socgen.com )] 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of Notes which is being increased was issued under a prospectus with 
an earlier date which was incorporated by reference in this prospectus: 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions under ["General Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes"] in the Base Prospectus dated [4 July 2019] [24 June 2020] [18 June 2021] as supplemented by [for Base Prospectus 
dated 4 July 2019: the supplement dated 23 September 2019, the supplement dated 22 October 2019, the supplement dated 27 
November 2019, the supplement dated 22 January 2020 and the supplement dated 24 February 2020] [for Base Prospectus dated 
24 June 2020: the supplement dated 18 September 2020] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 
2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16 June 2023 [which constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation)] to the extent that such amendments have 
been implemented in a Member State) [and the supplement[s] to such Base Prospectus dated [⚫] [and any other supplement] 
published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s))]. Full information on the Fiduciary [in the case of Secured 
Notes: the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and any Supplement(s) thereto. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]  
 
Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for inspection from the head office of the 
Fiduciary, [the Guarantor,] the specified offices of the Paying Agents and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market or on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com ] [, and, in the case of Non-exempt Offers, on the website of the Fiduciary ( http://prospectus.socgen.com ).] 
 
[In case of a public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus is valid until 16 June 2024. The 
succeeding base prospectus will be available on  http://prospectus.socgen.com .] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, 
even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms. If "Not Applicable" is specified in respect of a paragraph, the remaining sub-paragraph(s) shall be deleted.] 
 
[When completing final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new 
factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 [When the context requires, any reference to “Notes” and "Noteholders" in these Final Terms may be replaced by "Certificates" and 
"Certificateholders".] 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, the minimum denomination may need to be £100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency in order to comply with United Kingdom selling restrictions.]

--- Page 76 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
76 
[Any reference in the applicable Final Terms to any date expressed under the form « DD/MM/YYYY » shall be deemed to be a 
reference to any date expressed under the form "Day/Month/Year"] 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
1. 
(i)  
Series Number: 
[Insert the series number] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[Insert the tranche number]  
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Notes shall be assimilated 
and form a single series with the 
[Insert title of the Notes related to 
the previous tranche number of 
the series] on [Insert date] [the 
Issue Date] [issue date plus forty 
days]] 
 
(iv) 
Type of Notes: 
[Repack Notes] [Secured Notes] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[Insert the currency of the Notes] 
[Renminbi 
Currency 
Event 
applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 5.15] 
[Relevant Currency: [Insert the 
relevant currency]] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[up to] [Insert the aggregate 
nominal amount of the tranche] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[up to] [Insert the aggregate 
nominal amount of the series]   
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[Insert the percentage]% of the 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount] 
[[Insert the currency and the 
amount] per Note of [Insert the 
currency 
and 
the 
amount] 
Specified Denomination] [plus an 
amount equal to the interest 
accrued from and including [Insert 
date] to but excluding [Insert date] 
[the Issue Date] (which is equal to 
[Insert the number of days] days' 
accrued interest)] [Offer Price] 
5. 
[(i)]  Specified Denomination: 
[Insert the currency and the 
amount] 
[In respect of any Exempt Offer 
Notes, the €100,000 minimum 
denomination is not required.]** 
[Only if the Notes are Notes other 
than Registered Notes, if the 
Specified 
Denomination 
is 
expressed to be €100,000 or its 
equivalent in another currency and 
multiples of a lower principal 
amount (for example €1,000 or its 
equivalent in another currency), 
insert the additional wording as 
follows: 
€100,000 and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including €199,000. No Notes 
in definitive form will be issued

--- Page 77 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
77 
with a denomination exceeding 
€199,000.]* 
[NB: Dematerialised Notes shall 
be issued in one denomination 
only] 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes 
which are Single Name Notes or 
First-to-Default 
Notes: 
(in relation to each Note, and 
subject to Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes, the 
Nominal Amount)] 
 
 
 
[NB: The following apply for Definitive Bearer Notes, Definitive 
Bearer Certificates and Definitive Registered Notes only: 
 
[(ii)]   
 Calculation Amount: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
the 
currency and the amount] 
 
 
 
[NB: The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the 
calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will be (i) if there is 
only one Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the 
relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or 
the circumstances referred to in paragraph 5(i)apply (e.g. Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), the highest 
common factor of those Specified Denominations Note that there 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations. If "Calculation Amount" is to be used in the 
applicable Final Terms, corresponding references to the Calculation 
Amount for interest, put and call options and redemption amount 
calculation purposes should be included in the terms and conditions 
set out in the Base Prospectus. Note that a Calculation Amount of 
less than 1,000 units of the relevant currency may result in practical 
difficulties for paying agents and/or ICSDs who should be consulted 
if such an amount is proposed.] 
 
[NB: For Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes 
the Calculation Amount must be calculated on the basis of the Issue 
Price.] 
 
[(iii)]  
 Adjusted 
Specified 
Denomination: 
[Insert the currency and the 
amount] 
 
 
 
[NB: Only applicable to Instalment Notes.] 
6. 
(i)  Issue Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert the date] 
 
 
 
[NB: For Preference Share Linked Notes, the Preference Shares 
should have been issued at least one Business Day prior to the 
Issue Date. For Warrant Linked Notes, the Warrants should have 
been issued at least one Business Day prior to the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Issue 
Date] 
[specify] 
 
 
 
[NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain 
Notes, for example for Zero Coupon Notes] 
7.  
Maturity Date [In the case of Italian 
Certificates only: Final Exercise Date]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[In respect of Repack Notes: 
  
[Insert the scheduled maturity 
date] 
(such 
date 
being 
the 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date) 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 26  
“Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions below and “Part 2

--- Page 78 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
78 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: and subject 
to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes].  
 
 [In respect of Secured Notes 
select:  
 
[Insert the date] [If Interest is 
unadjusted: [Insert the date]] [If 
Interest is adjusted: The Interest 
Payment Date scheduled to fall in 
or nearest to [Insert a month and a 
year.]]  
 
[For Preference Share Linked 
Notes: 
[Insert 
the 
scheduled 
maturity date] (such date being the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), subject 
to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Preference Share 
Linked Notes.] 
 
[In case of Open-ended Notes: 
Open-ended.]  
 
[In respect of Fund Linked Notes: 
[Insert 
the 
date], 
subject 
to 
postponement 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Maturity 
Disruption Event, as provided in 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes.] 
 
 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes:  
[Insert the scheduled maturity 
date] 
(such 
date 
being 
the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), subject 
to the provisions of paragraph 
[23(iv)] 
"Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions" and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.] 
8. 
(i) Type of Structured Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Share 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Index 
Linked Notes] [SGI Index Linked 
Notes] 
[Depositary 
Receipts 
Linked Notes] [ETF Linked Notes] 
[Reference Rate Linked Notes] 
[Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes] [Commodity Linked Notes] 
[Fund Linked Notes] [Credit Linked 
Notes] [Inflation Linked Notes] 
[ETP Linked Notes] [Non Equity 
Security 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Preference Share Linked Notes] 
[Warrant Linked Notes] [Future 
Linked Notes] [Portfolio Linked 
Notes][Dividend Linked Notes]. 
 
The provisions of the following 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
apply:

--- Page 79 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
79 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Notes and 
Depositary 
Receipts 
Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for SGI Index Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Reference Rate Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF 
Linked Notes] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Non Equity 
Security Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Preference Share Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Future 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Portfolio 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Dividend Linked Notes]. 
 
(ii) Reference of the Product: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[Insert the Reference of the 
Product as per Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae] [with Option 
[Insert the reference of the Option] 
applicable], as described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae.] 
[If one or more than one Add-on 
is/are applicable for a particular 
Product: 
[With Add-on relating to Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.1 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: 
the [[“Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount” 
] 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount] of the Product [Insert the 
Reference of the Product from the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae]] [Option 
[Insert the reference of the Option] 
as described in Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae] is applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Structured 
Interest Amount applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae: the Structured Interest 
Amount of the Product [Insert the 
Reference of the Product from the 
Additional Terms and Conditions

--- Page 80 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
80 
relating to Formulae] is applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Credit 
Linked Products or Repack Notes 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.3 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] 
[With Add-on relating to Memory 
Coupon(s) 
applicable 
as 
per 
Condition 1.4.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [With Add-on relating to 
Global Factors applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.5 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [with Option [Insert the 
reference 
of 
the 
Option] 
applicable] [With Add-on relating 
to 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Rates 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.6 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] 
[with Option [Insert the reference 
of the Option] applicable] [With 
Add-on relating to Capitalisation 
Rate applicable as per Condition 
1.4.7 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae] 
[With Add-on relating to hedging 
fees applicable to a Product 
Formula 
applicable 
as 
per 
Condition 1.4.8 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.] [With Add-on relating 
to Optional Redemption Amount 
applicable as per Condition 1.4.9 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: 
the [Final Redemption Amount of 
the Product [Insert the Reference 
of the Product from the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae]] [Option [Insert the 
reference 
of 
the 
Option] 
as 
described in Condition 3] is 
applicable] 
[With Add-on relating to Variable 
Data applicable as per Condition 
1.4.10 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.] 
[With Add-on relating to EU 
Allowance 
applicable 
as 
per 
Condition 1.4.11 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.] 
[With Add-on relating to Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
applicable pursuant to Condition 
1.4.1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: 
the "Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount" is modified as "Not 
Applicable"] [With Add-on relating 
to Structured Interest Amount 
applicable pursuant to Condition 
1.4.2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae: 
the "Structured Interest Amount" is 
modified as "Not Applicable"]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[For Repack Notes:

--- Page 81 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
81 
 
[See 
section 
“PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE” below]]  
 
[For Secured Notes select:  
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Insert 
the 
percentage]% 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[[Specify the reference rate] [plus 
(+)] 
[minus 
(-)] 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]% 
Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating 
Rate] 
[Reverse 
Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
[Dual 
Currency] [See section 
“PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE” 
below]]  
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[For Repack Notes:  
[Redemption at Final Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, subject to the provisions of 
“Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions.] [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: and subject 
to the provisions of Condition 1 of 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes.]]  
 
[For Secured Notes select:  
 
Redemption 
at 
[par] 
[Final 
Redemption Amount]] [Physical 
Delivery. See paragraph 20 below] 
[Partly Paid. See paragraph 32 
below] [Instalment. See paragraph 
33 
below] 
[[Credit] 
Linked. 
Redemption at Final Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 1 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[See 
section 
“PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION” below]]  
11. 
Fiduciary’s/Noteholders’ 
redemption 
options: 
[Not Applicable] [Redemption at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Fiduciary] 
[Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders] 
[See 
section 
“PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION” below] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.1]  
 
[In respect of Secured Notes: 
 Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.1[In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes: , subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph 23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Additional Terms and

--- Page 82 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
82 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes.]]  
 
[In respect of Repack Notes: 
Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.1, subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 26 “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Condition” below and “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions. [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: and subject 
to the provisions of paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions” and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.]]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[Insert the percentage] [[Insert the 
percentage]% 
[per 
annum] 
[payable 
[annually] 
[semi-
annually] [quarterly] [monthly] in 
arrear [at Maturity Date].] [up to 
and including [insert date] [In case 
of Non-exempt Offer Notes to the 
public 
only: 
A 
percentage 
(indicatively 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] 
% 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) to be published by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[insert the date of the publication]. 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert 
the 
interest 
payment 
date(s)] [[Insert the day and the 
month] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes 
or Repack Notes: [[Insert the day 
and the month] in each year from 
and including [Insert the date] to 
and 
including 
the 
Scheduled 
Maturity Date] 
  
[In respect of Repack Notes if 
Market Trigger Event is specified 
as Applicable in paragraph 27 
“Repack Notes Specific Provisions 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions” below: If a Market 
Trigger Event Determination Date 
occurs, the last Interest Payment 
Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market 
Trigger 
Event 
Determination 
Date.]  
 
 
 
[NB: In the case of long or short coupons, insert the relevant 
Specified Period(s) ] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[In respect of Unadjusted Fixed 
Rate Notes: Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate 
Notes, insert one of the following

--- Page 83 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
83 
business 
day 
convention: 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] 
[Or: [Following Business Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[(adjusted/unadjusted)] 
 
(iv) 
 Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[Unless previously redeemed, on 
[each] [the] Interest Payment 
Date, the Fiduciary shall pay to the 
Noteholders, for each Note, an 
amount 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent as follows:] 
 
[[Insert the currency and the 
amount] per Note of [Insert the 
currency 
and 
the 
amount] 
Specified Denomination] [[Insert 
the currency and the amount] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Rate 
of 
Interest x Specified Denomination 
[x Day Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being 
"Not 
Applicable" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions” and the Notes 
are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: 
 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
x 
[Nominal 
Amount] [If "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is stated as 
being "Guaranteed Coupon" in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes 
Provisions”: 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[x 
Day 
Count 
Fraction]]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being 
"Not 
Applicable" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions”  and the Notes 
are Basket Notes or Tranche 
Notes: 
 
Rate of Interest x [Relevant 
Proportion 
of 
the 
Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
Specified Denomination] [x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being "Applicable" in paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions” and the Notes are

--- Page 84 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
84 
Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: 
 
The aggregate of the Observed 
Interest in respect of each Interest 
Period, each Observed Interest 
being equal to: Rate of Interest x 
[Nominal Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
 
Specified Denomination] [x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being 
"Applicable" 
in 
the 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions”  and the Notes 
are Basket Notes or Tranche 
Notes: The aggregate of the 
Observed Interest in respect of 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
each 
Observed Interest being equal to: 
Rate of Interest x [Relevant 
Proportion 
of 
the 
Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
Specified Denomination] [x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Repack Notes and 
the Notes are Single Bond 
Repack Notes:  
Rate of Interest x Specified 
Denomination [x Day Count 
Fraction]]  
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[30/360 
convention] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [360/360 convention] 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
 Broken Amount(s): 
[[Insert the currency and the 
amount] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[[Insert 
the 
currency and the amount] per 
Calculation Amount], payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling 
on [Insert the date] [In case of a 
long or short Interest Period (with 
regard 
to 
paragraph 
12(ii) 
"Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s)" above, the 
amount 
of 
interest 
will 
be 
calculated in accordance with the 
formula specified in paragraph 
12(iv)"Fixed Coupon Amount(s)" 
above.] 
 
(vii)  
 Determination Date(s): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Insert 
the 
determination date(s)] [in each 
year]]

--- Page 85 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
85 
 
 
 
[NB: Insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring the Issue Date 
or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[NB: In the case of regular Interest Payment Dates which are not of 
equal duration, indicate each of the applicable Determination Date] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[In respect of Secured Notes: 
Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.2 [In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes: , subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph 23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes.]]  
 
[In respect of Repack Notes: 
Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.2 subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 26 “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions below and “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions. [In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes: and subject 
to the provisions of paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions” and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.]]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Floating Coupon Amount: 
[Unless previously redeemed, on 
[each] [the] Interest Payment 
Date, the Fiduciary shall pay to the 
Noteholders, for each Note, an 
amount 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent as follows:] 
 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);] [Reference 
Rate] 
[x 
insert 
the 
relevant 
leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant 
percentage][))][x 
Day 
Count Fraction]]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being 
"Not 
Applicable" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions” and the Notes 
are Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: [Nominal Amount] 
[If "Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" 
is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions”  [Specified 
Denomination x [Max((insert the 
relevant percentage);] [Min((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Reference Rate] [x insert the

--- Page 86 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
86 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert 
the relevant percentage][))][x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being 
"Not 
Applicable" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes Provisions”  and the Notes 
are Basket Notes or Tranche 
Notes: 
[Relevant 
Proportion 
of 
the 
Interest Calculation Amount] [If 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" 
is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes 
Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination x [Max((insert the 
relevant percentage);] [Min((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Reference Rate] [x insert the 
relevant leverage factor] [+/- insert 
the relevant percentage] [x Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being "Applicable" in paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions”  and the Notes are 
Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes: The aggregate of 
the Observed Interest in respect of 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
each 
Observed Interest being equal to: 
[Nominal Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);] [Reference 
Rate] 
[x 
insert 
the 
relevant 
leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant 
percentage] 
][x 
Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if "Observed Interest" is stated as 
being "Applicable" in paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions”  and the Notes are 
Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
The aggregate of the Observed 
Interest in respect of each Interest 
Period, each Observed Interest 
being 
equal 
to: 
[Relevant 
Proportion 
of 
the 
Interest 
Calculation Amount] [If "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is 
stated 
as 
being 
"Guaranteed 
Coupon" 
in 
paragraph 
23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions”: 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);] 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);] [Reference

--- Page 87 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
87 
Rate] 
[x 
insert 
the 
relevant 
leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant 
percentage][))][x 
Day 
Count Fraction]] 
 
[In respect of Repack Notes and 
the Notes are Single Bond Repack 
Notes: [Specified Denomination x 
[Max((insert 
the 
relevant 
percentage);) 
[Min((insert 
the 
relevant percentage);) [Reference 
Rate] 
[x 
insert 
the 
relevant 
leverage factor] [+/- insert the 
relevant 
percentage]]][x 
Day 
Count Fraction]]  
 
[Or the following formula, which 
may be adapted In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes or Repack 
Notes:  
 
[Specified 
Denomination 
x 
[Max((Floor(i));) 
[Min((Cap(i);) 
[Reference Rate] [x Leverage 
Factor(i)] [+/- Spread(i)]]][x Day 
Count Fraction]  
 
Where: 
[Cap(i)] 
[Floor(i)] 
[Leverage 
Factor(i)] [Spread(i)] means [insert 
the relevant percentage] on the 
[insert 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period]]  
 
[In case of Non-exempt Offer 
Notes to the public only:  
 
[Cap 
means 
a 
percentage 
(indicatively 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] 
% 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) to be published by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[Insert the date of the publication].  
 
Floor 
means 
a 
percentage 
(indicatively 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] 
% 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) to be published by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[Insert the date of the publication].  
 
[Leverage 
Factor 
means 
a 
percentage (indicatively [Insert the 
percentage] 
% 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) to be published by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[Insert the date of the publication].  
 
[Spread means a percentage 
(indicatively 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] 
% 
subject 
to 
a 
minimum 
of 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]%) to be published by 
the 
Fiduciary 
on

--- Page 88 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
88 
http://prospectus.socgen.com on 
[Insert the date of the publication].]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert 
the 
interest 
payment 
date(s)] [In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes or Repack Notes: 
[Insert the day and the month] in 
each year from and including 
[Insert the date] to and including 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.] 
 
[In respect of Repack Notes if 
Market Trigger Event is specified 
as Applicable in paragraph 26 
“Repack Notes Specific Provisions 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions” below: If a Market 
Trigger Event Determination Date 
occurs, the last Interest Payment 
Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market 
Trigger 
Event 
Determination 
Date.]  
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
 
 
[NB: Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant business 
day convention is not intended to affect the Interest Amount. See 
General Condition 4.7.1 ] 
 
(iv) 
 Business Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
the 
business centre(s)]  
 
(v)  
Method of determination of the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[ISDA Determination] [Standard 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination] [Averaged RFR 
Screen Rate Determination] ][RFR 
Compounding 
Method 
- 
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding with Observation 
Shift] 
[Compounding 
with 
Lockout][OIS Compounding]][RFR 
Averaging Method - [Averaging 
with 
Lookback][Averaging 
with 
Observation Shift] [Averaging with 
Lockout][Overnight Averaging] ] 
 
 
 
[If ISDA Determination is applicable as per General Condition 
4.2.3.1] 
 
-  
Floating Rate Option: 
[Insert the floating rate option][If 
the Rate of Interest is determined 
by linear interpolation in respect of 
an interest period (as per General 
Condition 
4.2.3.1), 
insert 
the 
relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
-  
Designated Maturity: 
[Insert the designated maturity]  
 
-  
Reset Date: 
[Insert the reset date]

--- Page 89 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
89 
 
 
 
[If Standard Screen Rate Determination is applicable as per General 
Condition 4.2.3.2 ]: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert the reference rate] [If the 
Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an 
interest period (as per General 
Condition 
4.2.3.2), 
insert 
the 
relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert the interest determination 
date(s)]  
 
-  
Specified Time: 
[Insert the specified time]  
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Insert the relevant screen page]  
 
 
 
[If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR 
Screen Rate Determination is applicable as per General Condition 
4.2.3.3]: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert the reference rate] 
 
- 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[Insert the underlying benchmark] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Insert the date(s)] 
 
-  
Specified Time: 
[Insert the specified time]  
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Insert the relevant screen page] 
 
- 
Tenor: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
[RFR Compounding Method] 
[RFR Averaging Method]: 
[Compounding 
with 
Lookback] 
[Compounding with Observation 
Shift] [Compounding with Lockout] 
[OIS Compounding] 
 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback] 
[Averaging with Observation Shift] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout] 
[Overnight Averaging] 
 
 
 
[If RFR Compounding Method - [Compounding with Lookback] 
[Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Shift] 
[Compounding 
with 
Lockout][OIS Compounding] or if RFR Averaging Method - 
[Averaging with Lookback][Averaging with Observation Shift] 
[Averaging with Lockout][Overnight Averaging] applies as per as per 
General Condition 4.2.3.4]: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert the reference rate] 
 
- 
Underlying Benchmark: 
[Insert the underlying benchmark] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert the interest determination 
date(s)] 
 
- 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
-  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Insert the relevant screen page] 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[Applicable]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable:

--- Page 90 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
90 
 
- 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[specify the Daily Capped Rate]] 
 
- 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
- 
 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[specify the Daily Floored Rate] 
 
 
 
[If Compounding with Lookback or Averaging with Lookback applies 
 
- 
[Lookback “r”:] 
[specify if different than 5]] 
 
 
 
[If Compounding with Observation shift or Averaging with 
Observation Shift applies 
 
- 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Day:] 
[specify financial center(s) or if 
none specified it shall be deemed 
that no Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day applies] 
 
- 
[Observation Shift:] 
[specify if different from 5]] 
 
- 
Set-In-Advance Observation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
- 
First 
Set-in 
Advance 
Observation Period: 
[From and including [insert date] to 
but excluding [insert date]] 
(both 
dates 
must 
be 
an 
Observation Period Shift Business 
Day) 
 
 
[If Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout applies: 
 
- 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Day:] 
[Specify 
financial 
center][Applicable Business Day] 
 
- 
[“t”:] 
[specify if different from 5]] 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s)/Spread(s): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Insert 
the 
percentage]% [Plus (+)] [Minus (-)] 
[Insert 
the 
percentage]% 
per 
annum] [If any, see formula in 
paragraph 13(i) "Floating Coupon 
Amount" above]  
 
(vii) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert Leverage 
Factor] [If any, see formula in 
paragraph 13(i) "Floating Coupon 
Amount:" above] 
 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Insert 
the 
percentage]% [per annum]] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 13(i) 
"Floating Coupon Amount" above]  
 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Insert 
the 
percentage]% [per annum]] [If any, 
see formula in paragraph 13(i) 
"Floating Coupon Amount" above]  
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[30/360 
convention] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [360/360 convention] 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xi) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the rate 
multiplier]

--- Page 91 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
91 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
- 
Benchmark Rate: 
[Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR] 
[Reference Rate EUR-EURIBOR-
Swap Rate]  
[Reference 
Rate 
USD-CMS] 
[Reference Rate SHIBOR] 
[Other] 
 
 
 
[NB: Benchmark for the purposes of General Condition 4.2.4 and 
in respect of “Reference Rate SHIBOR” only for the purposes of 
General Condition 4.2.6]  
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[Insert the floating rate option]  
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[Insert the designated maturity]  
 
- 
Upper Limit: 
[Insert the upper limit]  
 
- 
Lower Limit: 
[Insert the lower limit]  
14. 
Structured Interest Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[In respect of Structured Notes: 
Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.3 [In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes:, subject to the 
provisions of the paragraph 23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes.]]  
 
[In respect of Repack Notes: 
Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 4.3 subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 27 “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions below and “Part 2 
– 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions” of the General Terms 
and Conditions[In respect of Credit 
Linked Notes: and subject to the 
provisions of paragraph 23(iv) 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes.]].  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i)  
Structured Interest Amount(s): 
Unless previously redeemed, on 
[each] [the] Interest Payment 
Date[(i) (i from [⚫] to [⚫])], the 
Fiduciary 
shall 
pay 
to 
the 
Noteholders, for each Note, an 
amount 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
[The sum of each Structured 
Interest Amount(i) determined in 
respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i 
from [⚫] to [⚫]) occurring before 
the Interest Payment Date, each 
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(i) 
being equal to:] 
 
Specified Denomination x [Insert 
the Product Formula described in

--- Page 92 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
92 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product specified in paragraph 
8(ii) “Reference of the Product”  
above]  
 
[Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Structured Interest Amount are set 
out in paragraph 24(ii) “Definitions 
relating to the Product”.] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) [(i)]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert 
the 
interest 
payment 
date(s)] 
 
[In respect of Repack Notes if 
Market Trigger Event is specified 
as Applicable in paragraph 26 
“Repack Notes Specific Provisions 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions” below: If a Market 
Trigger Event Determination Date 
occurs, the last Interest Payment 
Date is the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Market 
Trigger 
Event 
Determination 
Date.]  
 
 
 
[NB: For Specified Period(s), see General Condition 4.2.1] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention] 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[adjusted] 
[unadjusted] 
 
 
 
[NB: Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant business 
day convention is not intended to affect the Interest Amount. See 
General Conditions 4.7.1 and 4.3] 
 
(iv) 
 Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[30/360 
convention] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [360/360 convention] 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(v) 
 Business Centre(s): 
[Insert the business centre(s)]  
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 4.4]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[Insert the accrual yield] [[Insert 
the percentage]% per annum]  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[Insert the reference price]  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and Late Payment: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable per 
General Conditions 6.1.3.7 and 
6.3]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary:  
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.1.1]

--- Page 93 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
93 
[If applicable in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes or Repack Notes:  
Subject to the provision of notice in 
accordance with subparagraph 
16(iii), the Fiduciary may redeem 
the Notes in whole, but not in part, 
on [specify the date(s) or the type 
of date(s)] [from but excluding the 
Issue Date to but excluding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date].]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
 
[NB: Optional Redemption Amount(s) as per General Condition 
6.1.3.1.3] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, at 
the option of the Fiduciary, the 
Notes may be early redeemed on 
the Optional Redemption Date[(i) 
(i from [⚫] to [⚫])] in accordance 
with the following provisions in 
respect of each Note: 
 
[Specified Denomination x [Insert 
percentage]%]  
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
calculated on the valuation date 
linked to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
 
[if the Notes are Open-ended 
Notes 
or EU Allowance Notes: 
Specified Denomination x [insert 
the Product Formula of the Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product specified in paragraph 
8(ii) “Reference of the Product” 
above but calculated on the 
valuation 
date 
linked 
to 
the 
relevant 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date.] 
 
[Market Value] 
 
[For Preference Share Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
(Preference 
Share 
Value 
Optional[(i)] / Preference Share 
Value Initial)] 
 
[For 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant 
Value Optional[(i)] / Warrant Value 
Initial)] [Redemption of the Notes 
will be subject to a maximum 
aggregate nominal amount to be 
redeemed 
equal 
to 
[insert 
currency / amount] per [insert 
frequency: day, other] as stated in 
the duly completed Put Notice 
deposited by the Noteholder with 
the Registrar or any Paying 
Agent.]

--- Page 94 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
94 
[Definitions relating to the Optional 
Redemption Amount are set out in 
paragraph 
24(ii) 
“Definitions 
relating to the Product”.] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[(i)]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert the optional redemption 
date(s)] [Specify other] 
 
 
 
[NB: Notice Period as per General Condition 6.1.3.1.4.1. When 
setting notice periods, the Fiduciary is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for 
example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Fiduciary and the Principal Paying Agent] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[[Insert the number of days] days 
prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date] [specify other] 
 
[If applicable in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes : The Fiduciary shall 
give not less than [Insert the 
number of days] Business Days' 
(as defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes) notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption)[, provided, however 
that any such notice shall be 
deemed to be void and of no 
effect, if a Credit Event Notice has 
been, 
or 
is, 
delivered 
to 
Noteholders in accordance with 
the Conditions at any time on or 
prior to 5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on 
the fourth Business Day preceding 
the date fixed for redemption in 
accordance with this paragraph 
16(iii)]. 
 
 [If applicable in respect of Repack 
Notes: The Fiduciary shall give not 
less than [Insert the number of 
days] Business Days’ (as defined 
in Condition 2 of Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions) 
notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance 
with 
General 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the 
date 
fixed 
for 
redemption), 
provided, however that any such 
notice shall be deemed to be void 
and of no effect, if a Bond Event 
Notice has been, or is, delivered to 
Noteholders in accordance with 
the Conditions at any time on or 
prior to 5.00 p.m. (Paris time) on 
the fourth Business Day preceding 
the date fixed for redemption in 
accordance with this paragraph 
16(iii).]  
 
[If applicable, in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes or Repack Notes:

--- Page 95 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
95 
and any such notice of redemption 
at the option of the Fiduciary, 
along 
with 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Amount[(i) (from [•] to 
[•])], shall be deemed to prevail in 
the following case[s]:  
 
[(a)] a [Credit] [Bond] Event Notice 
has been delivered prior to, or is 
delivered to the Noteholders on 
the same day as, or after, any 
such notice of redemption at the 
option of the Fiduciary [;] [.]  
 
[(b) a [Potential Failure to Pay] 
[and 
a] 
[Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[has] 
[have] already occurred and [is] 
[are] continuing at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date[(i)] [;] 
[.]]  
 
[If applicable in respect of Credit 
Linked Notes: [(b)] [(c)] a Notice of 
Pending 
Credit 
Event 
was 
delivered less than 100 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption 
Date[(i)] 
and, 
immediately prior to such Optional 
Redemption Date[(i)], (x) no DC 
No Credit Event Announcement 
has been published and (y) no 
Credit Event Notice in relation to 
the pending event has been 
delivered.]]]]  
 
 
 
[NB: Final Redemption Amount  as per General Condition 6.1.1 ] 
 
(iv) 
 Redemption in part: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
- 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert the minimum redemption 
amount]  
 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert the maximum redemption 
amount]  
 
(v) 
Redemption in part following 
Noteholder Identification 
Failure  
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as 
per General Condition 6.2.5]  
17. 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.1.2]  
 
 
 
[NB: Optional Redemption Amount as per General Condition 
6.1.3.1.3] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, at 
the option of the Noteholders, the 
Notes held by the Noteholder 
exercising the option may be early 
redeemed 
on 
the 
Optional 
Redemption Date[(i) (i from [⚫] to 
[⚫])] in accordance with the 
following provisions in respect of 
each Note:

--- Page 96 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
96 
[Specified Denomination x [Insert 
percentage]%] 
 
[Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
calculated on the valuation date 
linked to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
 
[if the Notes are Open-ended 
Notes or EU Allowance Notes: 
Specified Denomination x [insert 
the Product Formula of the Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product specified in the 
paragraph 8(ii) “Reference of the 
Product” above but calculated on 
the valuation date linked to the 
relevant 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date.]]  
 
[Market Value] 
 
[For 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant 
Value Optional[(i)] / Warrant Value 
Initial)]  
 
[For Preference Share Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
(Preference 
Share 
Value 
Optional[(i)] / Preference Share 
Value Initial) ] 
 
 
 
 
[Definitions relating to the Optional 
Redemption Amount are set out in 
paragraph 
24(ii) 
“Definitions 
relating to the Product”.] 
 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[(i)]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Insert the optional redemption 
date(s)] [Specify other] 
 
 
 
[NB: Notice Period as per General Condition 6.1.3.1.4.2 ] 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[[Insert the number of days] days 
prior to the Optional Redemption 
Date] [specify other] 
18. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.2] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Unless previously redeemed, if an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event has occurred, then the 
Fiduciary shall redeem early the 
Notes 
on 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date[(i) (i from [⚫] to 
[⚫])], in accordance with the 
following provisions in respect of 
each Note:

--- Page 97 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
97 
[Specified Denomination x [Insert 
the Product Formula described in 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product specified in paragraph 
8(ii) “Reference of the Product” 
above]]  
 
[For 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant 
Value Exercise[(i)] / Warrant Value 
Initial) 
 
[Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount are set out in paragraph 
24(ii) “Definitions relating to the 
Product”.] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s) [(i)] 
(DD/MM/YYYY)]: 
 
[Insert 
the 
automatic 
early 
redemption date(s)] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if relevant: [Insert the automatic 
early redemption date(s)] (such 
date(s) 
being 
the 
Scheduled 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date), subject to the provisions of 
paragraph 23(iv) “Credit Linked 
Notes 
Provisions” 
and 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[insert the relevant Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event 
applicable to the  Product as per 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Formulae] 
19. 
[Final Redemption Amount] [In the case 
of Italian Certificates only: Final Exercise 
Amount]: 
Unless previously redeemed, the 
Fiduciary shall redeem the Notes 
on the [Maturity Date] [Final 
Exercise Date], in accordance with 
the following provisions in respect 
of each Note: 
 
[At par]  
 
[[Insert the currency and the 
amount] per Note of [Insert the 
currency 
and 
the 
amount] 
Specified Denomination] [[Insert 
the currency and the amount] per 
Calculation Amount]  
[Specified Denomination x [Insert 
the percentage]%] 
 
[Specified Denomination x [Insert 
the Product Formula described in 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product specified in paragraph 
8(ii) “Reference of the Product” 
above]]  
 
[In case of Open-ended Notes: Not 
Applicable, the Notes are open-
ended.]

--- Page 98 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
98 
 
[For Preference Share Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
(Preference Share Value Final / 
Preference Share Value Initial) 
 
[For 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes: 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant 
Value Final / Warrant Value Initial)] 
 
[In addition, for Repack Notes: 
PROVIDED THAT if a Bond Event 
Determination Date occurs, the 
Fiduciary shall redeem the Notes 
on 
the 
Maturity 
Date, 
in 
accordance with the provisions of 
these 
Final 
Terms 
and 
the 
provisions of “Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions” of the 
General Terms and Conditions.]  
 
[Definitions relating to the Final 
[Redemption] [Exercise] Amount 
are set out in paragraph 24(ii) 
“Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Product”.] 
 
[NB: If the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, the Notes will be derivative securities for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the requirements of Annex 17 of the Prospectus Regulation will 
apply]  
 
[NB: Final Redemption Amount as per General Condition 6.1.1 or, in the case 
of Italian Certificates, Final Exercise Amount as per General Condition 6.1.2]  
 
 
 
[In case of Italian Certificates only, insert the following 
subparagraphs: 
 
 
 
[-    Final Payment Date: 
[Insert the final payment date]  
 
 
[If Repack Notes is applicable, delete the following paragraph:  
20. 
Physical Delivery Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 5.17] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Deliverable Asset(s): 
[See paragraph "Underlying(s)" 
below] [If the deliverable asset(s) 
is/are different from the underlying 
asset(s) specified in the paragraph 
23(i)"Underlying(s)" below: [Insert 
the relevant deliverable asset 
pursuant to the provisions of 
General Condition 5.17 ]] [In 
respect of Credit Linked Notes: 
Specified 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Amount: 
[See 
paragraph 
19 
“Final 
Redemption 
Amount” 
and, 
if 
applicable, 
paragraph 
18(i) 
“Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s)” above]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if applicable :  Applicable, as 
provided in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes]

--- Page 99 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
99 
 
(iii) 
Provisions governing whether 
transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) 
or payment of a cash sum will 
apply: 
[See 
paragraph 
19 
“Final 
Redemption 
Amount” 
and, 
if 
applicable, 
paragraph 
18(i) 
“Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s)” above]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(iv) 
Fiduciary’s 
option 
to 
vary 
method of settlement: 
[No] [Applicable as per General 
Condition 5.17.2]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, 
if 
applicable: 
Applicable, 
as 
provided in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
(v)  
Method 
of 
transfer 
of 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect 
of Physical Delivery Amount (if 
other than Delivery): 
[As per General Condition 5.17.1]  
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes: 
Delivery through the relevant 
Clearing 
System 
unless 
the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations 
are not eligible for clearance by 
the relevant Clearing System or 
otherwise as specified in Condition 
1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes, in which case transfer will 
take place outside the relevant 
Clearing System as set out in 
Condition 1 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] 
 
(vi)   
Consequences of Settlement 
Disruption Event(s): 
As per General Condition 5.17.4 
TRIGGER REDEMPTION 
21. 
Trigger redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.2.3] 
 
 
 
[Insert the following subparagraph only if Trigger redemption at the 
option of the Fiduciary is Applicable as per General Condition 6.2.3] 
 
- 
Outstanding Amount Trigger 
Level: 
[10% of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] [[Insert other outstanding 
amount trigger level] % of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
22. 
 
Redemption for Tax Event, 
Special Tax Event, Regulatory 
Event, Force Majeure Event, 
Fiduciary Event and Bond 
Event Determination Date: 
[Early Redemption]  
[Early 
Redemption 
or 
Monetisation until the Maturity 
Date] 
 
[Monetisation 
with 
Early 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders, except for Force 
Majeure Event, Fiduciary Event or 
Bond Event Determination Date]  
 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Insert the currency and the

--- Page 100 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
100 
amount] per Note of [Insert the 
currency 
and 
the 
amount] 
Specified Denomination] [[Insert 
the currency and the amount] per 
Calculation 
Amount] 
[Market 
Value]  
 
[In the case of Preference Share 
Linked Notes or Warrant Linked 
Notes: the Early Redemption 
Amount 
as 
defined 
in 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for [Preference Share Linked 
Notes] [Warrant Linked Notes]]. 
 
[Market Value except for Early 
Redemption Amount payable on 
Fiduciary Event in which case 
such amount will be equal to 
[insert the currency and the 
amount] per Note of [insert the 
currency 
and 
the 
amount] 
Specified Denomination]]  
 
[Early Redemption [for Tax Event] 
[or] [for Special Tax Event] will not 
apply for the purpose of General 
Condition 6.2 [and for the purpose 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions [specified in paragraph 
23 below.] 
 
[In the case of Repack Notes: The 
Early Redemption Amount upon a 
Bond Event Determination Date 
shall be the Cash Redemption 
Amount as per Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions.]  
 
[General Condition 6.5 will not 
apply for the purpose of General 
Condition 6.2.] 
 
[General Condition 6.5 will not 
apply to Tax Event and Special 
Tax Event for the purpose of 
General Condition 6.2.] 
 
 
 
[N.B.: there will always be an Early Redemption Amount] 
 
 
 
[NB: The provisions of Early Redemption Amount payable following 
the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event and/or a 
Regulatory Event as per General Condition 6.2, Fiduciary Event as 
per General Condition 6.6.1 or Bond Event Determination Date as 
per General Condition 6.7.1] 
 
 
 
[NB: In respect of Italian Certificates only, "Market Value" means the 
amount determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the 
Certificates immediately prior (and ignoring the circumstances 
leading) to such early termination]  
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE UNDERLYING(S)  
23. 
Terms relating to the Underlying(s): 
 
 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
[Not Applicable] [If Credit Linked 
Notes :  As provided in paragraph

--- Page 101 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
101 
“Credit Linked Notes Provisions” 
below] 
 
[Where the underlying is a security, 
include the name of the issuer of 
the security and the International 
Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN) or other such security 
identification code. 
 
Where the underlying is an index, 
include the name of the index. If the 
index is not composed by the 
Fiduciary, need to include details of 
where the information about the 
index can be obtained. In case of 
SGI Linked Notes, if Advised SGI 
Index is applicable, need to specify. 
 
Where the underlying is an interest 
rate, include a description of the 
interest rate. 
 
Where the underlying does not fall 
within the categories specified 
above, the applicable Final Terms 
shall 
contain 
equivalent 
information. 
 
Where the underlying is a Future or 
a Basket of Futures, need to 
disclose the Future, the Next Active 
Future Contract, the Exchange, the 
Future Start Time, the Future End 
Time, the Future Underlier, the 
relevant 
weightings 
of 
each 
Underlying in the Basket. 
 
Where the underlying is a basket of 
underlyings, need to disclose the 
relevant 
weightings 
of 
each 
underlying in the basket. 
 
Where the underlying is a Portfolio 
or a basket of Portfolios, the Annex 
For Portfolio Linked Notes below 
needs to be completed, and insert 
the following:  
The [basket of] [Portfolio[s]] as 
described in the Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes attached hereto.] 
 
[Particularly in case of SIS Notes:  
insert ISIN code (if any) as well as 
initial effective value of the 
Underlyings]. 
 
 
(ii) 
Information relating to the past 
and future performances of the 
Underlying(s) and volatility: 
[Not Applicable] [Need to include 
details of the relevant website or 
screen page where information on 
past and future performance and 
volatility can be obtained, as 
specified in paragraph 23(i).]* 
 
(iii) 
Provisions relating, amongst 
others, 
to 
the 
Market 
Disruption 
Event(s) 
and/or 
Extraordinary Event(s) and/or 
any additional disruption event 
[Not Applicable] 
The provisions of the following 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
apply:

--- Page 102 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
102 
as described in the relevant 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Notes and 
Depositary 
Receipts 
Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for SGI Index Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Reference Rate Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Notes] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF 
Linked Notes] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Non Equity 
Security Linked Notes] [Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Preference Share Linked Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Warrant 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Future 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Portfolio 
Linked 
Notes]  
[Additional Terms and Conditions 
for 
Dividend 
Linked 
Notes][Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
[and 
Condition 
3 
“Additional 
Provisions 
related 
to 
CDS 
Spread”]] 
  
[Specify if Hedging Disruption is 
not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Increased Cost of 
Hedging is not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Stop-Loss Event is not 
applicable] 
 
 
 
[For Fund Linked Notes, specify if 
“Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable [and 
the provisions of the “Additional 
Provisions related to CDS Spread” 
in Condition 3 shall apply.]]  
 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Single Name Notes] [First-to-
Default Notes] [Basket Notes] 
[Tranche Notes]  
 
(b) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
 
(A.) Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement] [European 
Settlement]  
 
 
(B.) Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement, pursuant to 
Condition 1.1.3 of the Additional

--- Page 103 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
103 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [Or but ONLY for 
Single Name Notes and First-to-
Default Notes and the Settlement 
Type is American Settlement: 
Physical Settlement, pursuant to 
Condition 1.1.1 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]  
 
 
(C.) Final Value: 
[Fixed 
Recovery: 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] per cent.] 
 
[If Floating Recovery with Auction 
Method applies: the Final Value is 
to be determined pursuant to a 
Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms 
and 
if 
a 
Transaction 
Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
is 
published 
on 
or 
before 140 
Business Days following the Credit 
Event Determination Date, that 
provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event 
has occurred, subject to the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Fallback 
Settlement Event, means the 
Auction Final Price (as specified in 
the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and expressed 
as a percentage) determined, if 
any, 
under 
such 
Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and 
applicable to the seniority of the 
Reference Obligation or if a 
Fallback Settlement Event occurs 
or 
no 
Transaction 
Auction 
Settlement Terms is published on 
or before 140 Business Days 
following 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Determination Date, means the 
amount 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date as follows:  
 
(x) the Final Price if there is only 
one Selected Obligation; or  
 
(y) the weighted average of the 
Final Prices of the Selected 
Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio,  
 
in each case, minus the Valuation 
Hedging Cost for such Selected 
Obligation(s).] 
 
[Floating Recovery with Quotation 
Dealers 
Method: 
Final 
Value 
means the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the 
Credit Valuation Date as follows:  
(x) the Final Price if there is only 
one Selected Obligation; or  
(y) the weighted average of the 
Final Prices of the Selected 
Obligations if the latter are a 
portfolio, in each case, minus the

--- Page 104 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
104 
Valuation Hedging Cost for such 
Selected Obligation(s). 
 
[If 
Physical 
Settlement: 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(D.) Unwind Costs: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [Standard Unwind 
Costs Standard Unwind Costs 
means in respect of each Note, an 
amount, subject to a minimum of 
zero, 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent equal to the 
sum of (without duplication) all 
costs, expenses (including break 
funding charges and loss of 
funding, which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, represents the loss of 
future interest amounts to be 
received 
under 
the 
funding 
arrangement(s) entered into in 
relation to the Notes), tax and 
duties incurred directly or indirectly 
by Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination 
Date 
and 
the 
related partial or total termination, 
settlement or re-establishment of 
any Hedge Position, such amount 
to 
be 
apportioned 
pro 
rata 
amongst the outstanding Notes.] 
[Not Applicable: the Unwind Costs 
in respect of each Note will be 
equal to zero.] 
 
(c) 
Provisions relating to Basket 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
 
 
[If (c) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
(A.) Relevant Proportion: 
As 
per 
Condition 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes. 
 
 
(B.) Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[If the Notes are Basket Notes 
which are not Tranche Notes: As 
per Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes, means at any time 
for a Basket Note that is not a 
Tranche Note, the aggregate of 
the Loss Amount in respect of all 
Reference Entities in respect of 
which 
a 
Credit 
Event 
Determination Date has occurred.] 
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes: 
As 
per 
Condition 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes, means at 
any time for a Tranche Note, the 
lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional 
Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) 
zero 
and 
(y) 
the 
difference 
between (xx) the aggregate of the 
Loss Amount for all Reference 
Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date

--- Page 105 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
105 
has occurred and (xy) the Tranche 
Subordination Amount.] 
 
 
(C.) Loss Amount: 
[In respect of Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes if the paragraph 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as 
being as "Not Applicable": In 
relation to each Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, 
an amount equal to the product of: 
 
(i)    the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and 
 
(ii)    the difference between the 
Reference Price and the Final 
Value, subject to a minimum of 
zero.]  
 
 
 
[In respect of Tranche Notes if the 
paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
specified 
as 
"Applicable": 
In 
relation to each Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred: 
 
 
 
- which has a Ranking strictly 
lower than N: an amount equal to 
the product of: 
(i)    the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and 
(ii)    the Reference Price; 
 
- which has a Ranking higher than 
or equal to N and lower than or 
equal to M: an amount equal to the 
product of: 
 
 
 
(i)    the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and 
(ii)    the difference between the 
Reference Price and the Final 
Value, subject to a minimum of 
zero; 
 
- which has a Ranking strictly 
higher than M: an amount equal to 
zero.] 
 
 
(D.) Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[For 
each 
Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the amount 
equal to the product of the 
Reference Entity Weighting and 
the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount] 
 
 
(E.) Tranche Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
 
 
[If (E) Not Applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
 
(1) 
Tranche 
Subordination 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [The Reference

--- Page 106 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
106 
Portfolio 
Notional 
Amount 
multiplied by the Attachment Point] 
 
 
(2) Tranche Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [The Aggregate 
Nominal Amount] 
 
 
(3) N-to-M-to-Default: 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[N = [number corresponding to the 
Ranking starting at which the 
Aggregate Loss Amount will be an 
amount greater than zero]  
M = [number corresponding to the 
Ranking 
above 
which 
the 
Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to 
increase] 
P= [number of Reference Entities 
within the Reference Portfolio]] 
 
 
(4) Attachment Point: 
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes if 
the paragraph "N-to-M-to-Default" 
is specified as "Not Applicable": 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]%] [if the paragraph 
"N-to-M-to-Default" is specified as 
"Applicable": [(N-1)/P]%] 
 
 
(5) Detachment Point: 
[If the Notes are Tranche Notes 
with 
N-to-M-to-Default 
is 
Not 
Applicable: 
[Specify 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes]%]] [If N-
to-M-to-Default is specified as 
Applicable: [M/P]%] 
 
(F.)  
Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [If the Notes are 
Tranche Notes: An amount equal 
to the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
divided by the difference between 
the Detachment Point and the 
Attachment Point] [If the Notes are 
Basket Notes: An amount equal to 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
(G.)  
Reference Price: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[[Insert 
the 
percentage]%] 
 
[For 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio: the percentage specified 
as such in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto or, if not 
specified, 100%.] 
 
(H.) 
Reference Entity Weighting: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]

--- Page 107 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
107 
 
[For 
Each 
Reference 
Entity 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio: the proportion specified 
as such in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto which will be 
adjusted in accordance with the 
provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
(I.)  
Interest Recovery: 
[Fixed Interest Recovery with an 
Interest Recovery Rate of [Insert 
the 
percentage] 
%] 
[Floating 
Interest Recovery]] [Not relevant. 
The Notes do not bear interest.] 
[Not relevant. The sub-paragraph 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event" is specified as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon"] 
 
(d) 
Transaction Type: 
[For Single Name Notes: As 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, as 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
(e)  
[Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligation(s): 
[[If Cash Settlement and Fixed 
Recovery: 
Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable]] 
 
 
 
[If (e) Not Applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
 
(A.) [Deliverable/ Selected] 
Obligation Category: 
[For Single Name Notes: The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation 
Category specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation 
Category specified in “Annex for 
Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
 
(B.) [Deliverable/ Selected] 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[For Single Name Notes: The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation 
Characteristics 
specified 
in 
“Annex for Credit Linked Notes” 
hereto]  
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation 
Characteristics 
specified 
in 
“Annex for Credit Linked Notes” 
hereto] 
 
 
(f)    
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[In respect of [Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions:] [Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:] [Structured Interest

--- Page 108 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
108 
Note Provisions:]] [No Accrued 
Interest 
upon 
Credit 
Event] 
[Accrued Interest upon Credit 
Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] [If no 
coupon: Not relevant. The Notes 
do not bear interest.] 
 
 
 
 
[NB: Guaranteed Coupon only where "Settlement Type" is 
"European Settlement"] 
 
(g) 
Observed Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
Condition 1.2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] 
  
 
 
 
[If (g) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph] 
 
 
[-    Interest Observation Dates 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]] 
 
 
(h) 
First Credit Event Occurrence 
Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]  
 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [The 4th Business 
Day immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.]  
 
 
(j) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[For Single Name Notes: As 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto (or any 
Successor thereto)] 
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: The 
Reference Entities comprised in 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio 
as 
described in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto (or any 
Successor thereto)] 
 
 
 
[so far as the Fiduciary is aware 
and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the 
Reference Entity:  
 
if the reference entity (or the issuer 
of the reference obligation) has 
securities already admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, 
equivalent third country market or 
SME Growth Market, so far as the 
issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain 
from 
information 
published by the reference entity 
(or by the issuer of the reference 
obligation),indicate its name, ISIN, 
address, country of incorporation, 
industry or industries in which the 
reference entity (or the issuer of 
the reference obligation) operates 
and the name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 109 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
109 
In the case of a pool of underlying, 
where a single reference entity or 
reference obligation represents 
less than 20 % of the pool: indicate 
(i) the names of the reference 
entities or issuers of the reference 
obligation; and (ii) the ISIN. 
 
 
(k) 
Multiple Successor(s): 
[For Single Name Notes: [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable 
(i.e. 
Condition 
1.4 
(“Multiple 
Successors”) of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes apply to the Notes to 
deal with the split, if any, of the 
Reference Entity into several 
resulting entities).]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: Not 
relevant. 
The 
provisions 
of 
Condition 1.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes do not apply. For the 
avoidance of doubt, splits into 
several resulting entities are dealt 
with in the definition of Successor 
as 
per 
Condition 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
 
(l) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Insert 
the 
identification number] [None]] 
 
[For Single Name Notes: As 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified 
in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes” 
hereto]  
 
[(or any obligation replacing such 
original Reference Obligation as 
per the Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes).] 
 
 
(m) 
 
Credit Events: 
[For Single Name Notes: The 
Credit Event(s) specified in “Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Credit Event(s) specified in “Annex 
for Credit Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
(n) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[For Single Name Notes: As 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]

--- Page 110 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
110 
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, as 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
(o) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
 
(A.) Obligation Category: 
[For Single Name Notes: The 
Obligation Category specified in 
“Annex for Credit Linked Notes” 
hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Obligation Category specified in 
“Annex for Credit Linked Notes” 
hereto] 
 
 
 
(B.) Obligation Characteristics: 
[For Single Name Notes: The 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, the 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
(p) 
All Guarantees: 
[For Single Name Notes: As 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto]  
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes 
and First-to-Default Notes: For 
each Reference Entity comprised 
in the Reference Portfolio, as 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
(q) 
Additional provisions relating 
to certain specific Reference 
Entities: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, if 
relevant, as per Condition 1.8 of 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
  
 
(r) 
Business 
Days 
(for 
the 
purposes of the Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit Linked Notes): 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] [The Business Days 
specified in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto] 
 
 
(s) 
Reference 
Entities 
Switch 
and/or Maturity Extension at 
the option of the Fiduciary: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
Condition 1.11 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(If (s) Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph) 
 
The 
Reference 
Portfolio 
as 
described in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Notes” hereto constitutes 
the components of the [specify the 
Initial Index Name] Serie [i] 
Version [j], as published by Markit 
on [specify the website link]. 
 
By no later than [specify the date], 
the Fiduciary will have the right but 
not 
the 
obligation 
to 
apply 
Reference Entities Switch [and 
Maturity Extension]. 
 
Amended 
Reference 
Portfolio: 
components of the [specify the 
Initial Index Name] Series [i]+1, 
Version 1, to be published by 
Markit on [specify the website link]. 
 
[Maturity 
Extension: 
Amended 
[Scheduled] 
Maturity 
Date: 
[specify the Amended [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date]).] ] 
 
 
- 
Notice Period: 
[Insert the number of days] days 
prior to the effective date of the 
Reference Entities Switch [and 
Maturity Extension]. 
 
 
(t) 
Other applicable options as 
per the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
the 
source 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information which must be used 
when the Public Source is different 
from the sources specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] [Specify 
the Specified Number if such 
number is different from the 
Specified Number anticipated in 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
for 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
 
[If "Physical Settlement" applies: 
Specify 
if 
Include 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation 
Accrued Interest applies] 
 
[If "Cash Settlement" applies and 
one of the following options 
applies to the Notes; Specify if 
[Include 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation Accrued Interest] or 
[Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected 
Obligation 
Accrued 
Interest] 
applies] 
 
[Specify the [Excluded Obligation], 
[Excluded Deliverable Obligation] 
[Excluded Selected Obligation] if 
different from the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes]

--- Page 112 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
112 
[Specify if Non-Reference Entity 
Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is applicable] 
 
[Specify if Substitution Event Early 
Redemption is not applicable] 
 
[Specify 
Trigger 
Percentage 
applicable to a Reference Entity if 
applicable] 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
Specify Interest Credit Factor if 
different from 100%] 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
Specify Interest Loss Factor if 
different from 100%] 
 
[Specify Principal Credit Factor if 
different from 100%] 
 
[Specify Principal Loss Factor if 
different from 100%] 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes: 
Specify 
if 
Preliminary 
Cash 
Redemption is not applicable] 
 
[Only if Condition 3 “Additional 
Provisions related to CDS Spread” 
of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes  
applies: 
[Specify the External Provider 
Time if different from 15.00 
London time] 
 
[Specify the Quotation Deadline 
Time if different from 17.00 
London time] 
 
[Specify the Quotation Method if 
different from Offer] 
 
[Specify 
the 
Reference 
CDS 
Currency if different from that 
specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes] 
 
[Specify 
the 
Reference 
CDS 
Maturity if different from 5-year] 
 
[Specify if Switch Option is not 
applicable] 
 
[Specify if Credit Index Option is 
applicable] 
 
[Specify 
if 
Limited 
Recourse 
Provisions are applicable] 
 
DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO INTEREST (IF ANY), REDEMPTION AND THE 
UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY 
24. 
(i) Definitions relating to date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
113 
 
 
[-    Insert any relevant 
date(s): 
[Insert date(s)]]  
 
 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the 
Product: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions 
of 
Condition 4 of the Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae] [Applicable. All or part of 
the definitions relating to the 
Product being those used in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae.]]  
 
 
 
[-    Insert any relevant defined 
term(s) applicable to interest 
(if any), redemption and the 
underlying(s) (if any), from the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae: 
 
[Insert the relevant definition(s) 
corresponding to the reference of 
the product in the Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae 
and 
mentioned 
in 
paragraph 
“Reference 
of 
the 
Product” above]]  
TERMS REGARDING COLLATERALISATION 
25. 
Collateralisation Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Type of Collateral Pool: 
 
[Single Series Collateral Pool] 
[Multiple Series Collateral Pool] 
 
(ii) 
Fiduciary Account Number: 
[Specify the account number of the 
Fiduciary Account] 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount 
following the occurrence of a 
Collateral Disruption Event: 
[Market Value as per General 
Condition 6.3] [as defined in 
paragraph 22 “Early Redemption 
for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, 
Regulatory Event, Force Majeure 
Event, Fiduciary Event and Bond 
Event 
Determination 
Date”] 
[Specify for the purpose of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Waiver of Rights: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
Condition 9.8 of Part 3 – Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions of the General 
Terms and Conditions] 
 
[if (v) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph:  
 
 
[- Method of transfer of 
Collateral Assets in respect 
of Collateral Assets 
Entitlement:  
 
[Delivery through Clearstream or 
Euroclear or any other relevant 
clearance institution (the Collateral 
Assets Clearing System) unless 
the Collateral Assets are not 
eligible 
for 
clearance 
by 
the 
Collateral Assets Clearing System, 
in which case transfer will take 
place outside the Collateral Assets 
Clearing System.]]  
 
(vi) 
Order of Priority:  
 
[The Standard Order of Priority (as 
such term is defined in Condition 1 
of Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions of the General Terms

--- Page 114 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
114 
and Conditions) applies] [Insert any 
alternative 
Order 
of 
Priority 
pursuant to the definition of “Order 
of Priority” in Condition 1 of Part 3 
– Fiduciary Assets Provisions of 
the General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(vii) 
Other applicable options as 
per the Part 3 – Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and 
Conditions:  
 
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Collateral Business Day means 
[•].]  
 
[Where the Collateral Valuation 
Currency is Euro, specify where the 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Screen Page and the Collateral 
Valuation Currency Specified Time 
differ from the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page and the 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Specified Time specified in Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
[Where the Collateral Valuation 
Currency is other than Euro, 
specify the Collateral Valuation 
Currency, the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page and the 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Specified Time]  
[Predetermined 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Rate 
of 
Exchange is applicable]  
 
[Where Predetermined Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Rate 
of 
Exchange is applicable specify the 
predetermined rate of the Collateral 
Valuation Currency]  
 
[Specify where a different Valuation 
Point shall be used] [If Fiduciary 
Account is not the account to be 
liquidated Specify pledge account 
will be used]  
 
[Specify any other period for the 
delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement]  
TERMS RELATING TO REPACK NOTES 
26. 
Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms and 
Conditions:  
[if Type of Notes is Repack Notes: 
Applicable]  
 
[If Type of Notes is Secured 
Notes: Not Applicable]  
 
[If Type of Notes is Secured Notes, delete the remaining subparagraphs  
 
 
(i) 
Type of Repack Notes:  
 
[Single Bond Repack Notes]  
 
(ii) 
Fiduciary Securities:  
[The Bond(s) specified in “Annex 
for Fiduciary Securities” hereto.]

--- Page 115 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
115 
 
(iii) 
Fiduciary Securities 
Substitution  
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
Condition 3.4.1.3 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions.]  
 
 
(iv) 
Eligibility Criteria  
 
The 
Bond 
or 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio described in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities”.  
 
[If Fiduciary Securities Substitution 
is Applicable: On the relevant 
substitution, 
bonds 
(including 
notes, certificated debt securities 
and other debt securities) meeting 
the following criteria shall be 
treated as meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria (i)] issued or guaranteed by 
the [insert the same country as the 
Bond] [or by an issuer incorporated 
in [insert the same country as the 
Bond] and with an equivalent 
Rating (as determined by the 
Collateral 
Agent 
in 
its 
sole 
discretion) if available or if no such 
equivalent Rating is available, an 
equivalent 
credit 
risk 
(as 
determined by the Collateral Agent 
in its sole discretion) and to the 
extent that the Collateral Agent 
determines (in its sole discretion) to 
be practicable issued by entities 
incorporated or resident in the 
same jurisdiction. “Rating” means 
the rating assigned by the three 
rating agencies Moody’s Investor 
Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s 
Ratings Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. and Fitch Ratings or 
any of them, it being understood 
that if the ratings assigned in 
respect of an entity are not 
equivalent, only the highest one(s) 
will be taken into consideration.  
 
[If the “Collateral Test” is specified 
as “Notes Market Value Test”:  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 1: Any assets 
that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable Securities complying 
with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 
July 2009 on the coordination of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code 
Monétaire 
et 
Financier 
as 
applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 2: Any assets 
that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for

--- Page 116 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
116 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable Securities complying 
with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 
July 2009 on the coordination of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code 
Monétaire 
et 
Financier 
as 
applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes). Bonds with a rating 
lower than B-, asset backed 
securities (ABS) and non UCITS 
hedge funds shares, are excluded 
from the scope of the Eligible 
Collateral Assets]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
3: 
Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a 
rating higher than B-, hedge funds 
shares or mutual funds shares.]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 4: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
France by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 5: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 6: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 7: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the

--- Page 117 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
117 
rating assigned to the Kingdom of 
Belgium by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 8: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the United 
Kingdom by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 9: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the republic of 
Germany by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 10:  
- Sovereign debt securities (bonds 
or bills) issued by the government 
of the United Kingdom; and/or,  
- Equities comprised in the FTSE 
100 Index (or its successor index 
as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); and/or,  
- Investment grade bonds (i.e. 
bonds with a credit rating which is 
BBB- or higher by Standard & 
Poor's or Baa3 or higher by 
Moody's).]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
11: 
Any 
securities with a value reviewed on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be 
applicable. 
Societe 
Generale 
equities 
or 
Societe 
Generale 
unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool.]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
12: 
Each 
Fiduciary 
Security 
or 
bond 
(including notes, certificated debt 
securities 
and 
other 
debt 
securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer (as defined in 
Part 2 Condition 2) or (ii) by any 
member state of the G7 countries.]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
13: 
Each 
Fiduciary 
Security 
or 
bond 
(including notes, certificated debt

--- Page 118 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
118 
securities 
and 
other 
debt 
securities) issued or guaranteed by  
 
(i) the Bond Issuer or (ii) by any 
member state with a long term debt 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Bond Issuer 
by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no such rating 
is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no such rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 14: with cash 
denominated in [specify currency]]]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 15: Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a 
rating higher than B-, asset backed 
securities (ABS), hedge funds 
shares or mutual funds shares]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
16: 
Any 
securities with a value reviewed on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be 
applicable. 
Societe 
Generale 
equities 
or 
Societe 
Generale 
unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool. In case of 
collateralised debt instruments of 
Societe Generale or any affiliates, 
these 
collateralised 
debts 
instruments 
have 
the 
same 
eligibility criteria as the Eligibility 
Criterias of the Notes specified in 
the Final Terms.]  
 
 
(v) 
Collateralisation Percentage:  
 
[If “Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary” at paragraph 16 above is 
“Not Applicable”:  
[100% from the Issue Date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date of the 
Bond and 0% from (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date of the Bond to 
(and including) the Maturity Date 
PROVIDED HOWEVER that in 
case 
of 
a 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date as 
the case may be), 0% from (but 
excluding) 
the 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date as 
the case may be) to (and including) 
the Cash Redemption Date.]  
[100% from the Issue Date to and 
including 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
PROVIDED HOWEVER that in 
case 
of 
a 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date as 
the case may be), 0% from (but 
excluding) 
the 
Bond 
Event 
Determination Date (or the Repack 
Notes Exceptional Event Date as

--- Page 119 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
119 
the case may be) to (and including) 
the Cash Redemption Date.]  
 
[If “Redemption at the option of the 
Fiduciary” at paragraph 16 above is 
“Applicable”:  
[100% from the Issue Date to (and 
including) the earlier of the Notice 
Date (as defined below) or the 
Maturity Date of the Bond and 0% 
(i) in the case of a redemption at the 
option of the Fiduciary, from (but 
excluding) the Notice Date to (and 
including) the Optional Redemption 
Date and (ii) if the Fiduciary does 
not exercise its right to redemption 
at the option of the Fiduciary from 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date of 
the Bond to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. 
  
Provided however that in case of a 
Bond Event Determination Date (or 
the Repack Notes Exceptional 
Event Date as the case may be), 
0% from (but excluding) the Bond 
Event Determination Date (or the 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event 
Date as the case may be) to (and 
including) the Cash Redemption 
Date.  
 
Notice Date means the day on 
which the redemption at the option 
of the Fiduciary is notified during 
the Notice Period as defined in the 
section “Redemption at the Option 
of the Fiduciary” above.]  
 
(vi) 
 Haircut :  
 
[Haircut 1: The Haircut applicable 
to each Collateral Assets is 0%]  
 
[Haircut 2: The Haircut applicable 
to an equity security comprised in 
one of the following indices: S&P 
500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 
225, HK Index, Korean Index is 0%  
The Haircut applicable to any other 
equity security is 25%]  
 
[Haircut 3: The Haircut applicable 
to an equity security or bond with a 
rating higher than B- by Standard & 
Poor's Rating Services, a division 
of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody's) is 0%  
The Haircut applicable to a mutual 
fund share is 10%.  
The Haircut applicable to an asset 
backed security (ABS) or a hedge 
fund share is 20%]  
 
(vii)  
Diversification Criteria Rules:  
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[If Diversification Criteria Rules are 
applicable: 
  
[Diversification Criteria 1: The 
Collateral Assets comprised in a

--- Page 120 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
120 
Collateral Pool and linked to a 
single series pool or multi-series 
pool 
shall 
comply 
with 
the 
diversification 
requirements 
applying to the assets of an 
Undertaking 
for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities complying with UCITS 
IV.]  
 
[Diversification Criteria 2: None]  
 
[Diversification Criteria 3: The 
Collateral Assets comprised in a 
Collateral Pool shall comply with 
any of the following limits, or any 
combination thereof:  
 
[insert the following as applicable]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the bonds asset 
type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the corporate 
bonds asset type and (ii) the 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the sovereign 
bonds asset type and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (excluding funds) and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (including Exchange Traded 
Funds but excluding other funds) 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (including Exchange Traded 
Funds and other mutual funds but 
excluding other funds) and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
121 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of any Collateral 
Asset 
and 
(ii) the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities included 
in an index and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities issued 
by any one Obligor and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of bond securities 
issued by any one Obligor and (ii) 
the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral 
Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of equity securities 
issued by any one Obligor and (ii) 
the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral 
Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities issued 
by Obligors (bond or equity) 
incorporated in [the same country / 
specify 
country] 
and 
(ii) 
the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market 
Value 
of 
securities 
denominated in the same currency 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%; [and]]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of cash denominated 
in [specify currency] and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%.]  
 
Market Value means, in respect of 
any asset, a valuation of the asset, 
as determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
using 
standard 
market 
methods for the relevant asset, as 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
in 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner. Such standard 
market methods include but are not 
limited to, requesting quotations for 
the asset from one or more leading 
dealers in the relevant market 
and/or using the net asset value or

--- Page 122 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
122 
the aggregate amount that would 
be received by a hypothetical 
investor in the asset, as the case 
may be, on placement of a valid 
order for redemption thereof.  
As used herein, equities shall 
include, but not be limited to, 
exchange traded funds shares or 
units, hedge funds shares or units, 
mutual funds shares or units, 
options and warrants.]]  
 
(viii) 
 Collateral Test:  
[Fiduciary Securities Value Test] 
[Notes Market Value Test]  
 
(ix) 
Collateral Test Date(s):  
[Specify] [No periodic Collateral 
Test Dates] [Each Collateral 
Business Day]  
 
(x) 
 Terms relating to Settlement:  
 
 
 
i. Settlement Type:  
 
[American Settlement] [European 
Settlement]  
 
 
ii. Bond Final Value:  
 
[Fixed 
Recovery: 
[Insert 
the 
percentage] per cent.]  
 
[Floating Recovery: For each Bond, 
the percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows:  
 
(i) the Bond Final Price;  
 
(ii) plus, if any, any partial or total 
repayment in cash of the Bond 
which would have been paid to the 
holders of the Bond under the Bond 
as of the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
expressed as a percentage of the 
Bond Notional Amount;  
 
(iii) 
plus, 
if 
any, 
the 
price 
(expressed as a percentage of the 
Bond Notional Amount), calculated 
using a method similar to that to 
determine the Bond Final Price, of 
any securities which would have 
been delivered to the holders of the 
Bond under the Bond as of the 
Bond Final Value Determination 
Date 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
(iv) minus the Valuation Hedging 
Cost; 
 
(v) minus any amount due and 
payable 
under 
the 
Bond 
in 
accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Bond as in force 
and effect as of the Issue Date 
(expressed as a percentage of the 
Bond Notional Amount) which is 
still unpaid at the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 123 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
123 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to 
a minimum of zero per cent. and to 
a maximum of 100 per cent.] [The 
Bond Final Value is subject to a 
minimum of zero per cent. and may 
be higher than one hundred per 
cent. (100%).]  
 
 
iii. Auction Period for the 
purposes of the Bond Final 
Price determination:  
[Specify number] consecutive 
Business Days (as defined in 
paragraph (xix) below)  
 
 
iv. Bond Final Price Accrued 
Interest:  
 
[In the case of Fixed Recovery: 
Not Applicable] [In the case of 
Floating Recovery: [Excluding 
Accrued Interest] [Including 
Accrued Interest]]  
 
 
v. Relevant Proportion:  
 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the 
Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions.]  
 
 
vi. Market Trigger Event  
 
 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
[If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs] 
 
[Market Trigger Event Source 
means [Specify]]  
 
[Market Trigger Event 
Percentage means: [Specify]]  
 
[Specify the number of continuous 
Business Days if different from 
five]  
 
(xi)  
Accrual of Interest upon 
Bond Event:  
 
[No Accrued Interest upon Bond 
Event] [Accrued Interest upon 
Bond Event] [Guaranteed Coupon] 
[If no coupon: Not relevant. The 
Notes do not bear interest.]  
 
(xii) 
First Bond Event Occurrence 
Date:  
 
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(xiii) 
Bond Event(s):  
 
[The Bond Event(s) specified in 
paragraph “Tables” below]  
 
(xiv) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information:  
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(xv) 
Business 
Days 
(for 
the 
purposes of the Part 2 – 
Repack 
Notes 
Specific 
Provisions of the General 
Terms and Conditions):  
[Specify for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions to the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
 
(xvi) 
Other applicable options as 
per the Part 2 – Repack Notes 
Specific Provisions of the 
General Terms and 
Conditions:  
 
[Not Applicable]  
[Specify the source of Publicly 
Available Information which must 
be used when the Public Source is 
different from the sources specified 
in Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions]  
[Specify the Specified Number if 
such number is different from the

--- Page 124 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
124 
Specified Number anticipated in 
the Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific 
Provisions of the General Terms 
and Conditions]  
[Specify the number of Business 
Days which must be used in 
relation to the definition of First 
Quotation Day if such number is 
different 
from 
the 
number 
anticipated in the Part 2 – Repack 
Notes Specific Provisions to the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(xvii
)  
General information with 
respect to the Fiduciary 
Security:  
  
 
 
- Legal jurisdiction by which 
the Fiduciary Assets are 
governed:  
 
 
[There is no restriction on the 
governing law of the Fiduciary 
Assets that may be held by the 
Fiduciary from time to time.] 
 
[specify]  
 
 
- The legal nature of the 
assets:  
 
 
As per Condition 3.4 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement and the 
Securities Lending Agreement and 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
Save as set out in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” hereto and 
save as required by the applicable 
Eligibility Criteria, there is no 
restriction on the governing law of 
the Fiduciary Assets that may be 
held by the Fiduciary from time to 
time.  
 
 
- The expiry or maturity 
date(s) of the assets:  
 
 
As per Condition 3.4.2 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement.  
 
As per Condition 3.4.3 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Securities Lending Agreement.  
 
As per Condition 3.4.4 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
 
- The amount of the assets:  
 
 
As per Condition 3.4.2 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Swap Agreement.  
 
As per Condition 3.4.3 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Securities Lending Agreement.  
 
As per Condition 3.4.4 of Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions for 
the Collateral Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
125 
As specified in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” hereto.  
 
 
- Loan to value ratio or level 
of collateralisation:  
[specify]  
 
 
 
- Terms applicable to a Bond 
are the ones specified in the 
table below.  
 
 
In the table below, “X” means 
“Applicable” (conversely, when left in 
blank, means “Not Applicable”).  
 
 
Bond Events 
[Insert Bond ISIN Code] 
 
Bond Acceleration 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Default 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Early Redemption 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Failure to Pay 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Governmental Intervention 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event 
[X]  
 
 
Bond Restructuring 
[X]  
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURED NOTES 
27. 
Description of Collateral Assets: 
[If Repack Notes: Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fiduciary Securities:  
As specified in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” attached 
hereto.  
 
(ii) 
Fiduciary Securities 
Substitution:  
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
Condition 3.4.1.3 of the Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions.]  
 
 
(iii) 
Eligibility Criteria:  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 1: Any assets 
that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable Securities complying 
with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 
July 2009 on the coordination of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code 
Monétaire 
et 
Financier 
as 
applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes).]]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
126 
[Eligibility Criteria 2: Any assets 
that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable Securities complying 
with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 
July 2009 on the coordination of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities and as transposed under 
French law in the French Code 
Monétaire 
et 
Financier 
as 
applicable as of the Issue Date of 
the Notes). Bonds with a rating 
lower than B-, asset backed 
securities (ABS) and non UCITS 
hedge funds shares, are excluded 
from the scope of the Eligible 
Collateral Assets.]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
3: 
Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a 
rating higher than B-, hedge funds 
shares or mutual funds shares.]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 4: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
France by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 5: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 6: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Republic of 
Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no rating is 
assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).]

--- Page 127 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
127 
[Eligibility Criteria 7: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Kingdom of 
Belgium by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 8: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the United 
Kingdom by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 9: Any security 
that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the republic of 
Germany by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P 
Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no 
rating is assigned by S&P, or by 
Fitch Ratings if no rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 10:  
- Sovereign debt securities (bonds 
or bills) issued by the government 
of the United Kingdom; and/or,  
- Equities comprised in the FTSE 
100 Index (or its successor index 
as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); and/or,  
- Investment grade bonds (i.e. 
bonds with a credit rating which is 
BBB- or higher by Standard & 
Poor's or Baa3 or higher by 
Moody's).]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
11: 
Any 
securities with a value reviewed on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be 
applicable. 
Societe 
Generale 
equities 
or 
Societe 
Generale 
unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool.]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
12: 
Each 
Fiduciary 
Security 
or 
bond 
(including notes, certificated debt 
securities 
and 
other 
debt 
securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer (as defined in 
Part 2 Condition 2) or (ii) by any 
member state of the G7 countries.]

--- Page 128 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
128 
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
13: 
Each 
Fiduciary 
Security 
or 
bond 
(including notes, certificated debt 
securities 
and 
other 
debt 
securities) issued or guaranteed by 
(i) the Bond Issuer or (ii) by any 
member state with a long term debt 
rating equal to or higher than the 
rating assigned to the Bond Issuer 
by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global 
Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors 
Service (Moody's) if no such rating 
is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no such rating is 
assigned by S&P or Moody’s).]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 14: with cash 
denominated in [specify currency]]  
 
[Eligibility Criteria 15: Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a 
rating higher than B-, asset backed 
securities (ABS), hedge funds 
shares or mutual funds shares]  
 
[Eligibility 
Criteria 
16: 
Any 
securities with a value reviewed on 
a 
daily 
basis. 
No 
specific 
diversification guidelines will be 
applicable. 
Societe 
Generale 
equities 
or 
Societe 
Generale 
unsecured debt instruments are not 
authorized in this pool. In case of 
collateralised debt instruments of 
Societe Generale or any affiliates, 
these 
collateralised 
debts 
instruments 
have 
the 
same 
eligibility criteria as the Eligibility 
Criterias of the Notes specified in 
the Final Terms. ]  
 
(iv) 
 Diversification Criteria Rules:  
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[If Diversification Criteria Rules are 
applicable:  
 
[Diversification Criteria 1: The 
Collateral Assets comprised in a 
Collateral Pool and linked to a 
single series pool or multi-series 
pool 
shall 
comply 
with 
the 
diversification 
requirements 
applying to the assets of an 
Undertaking 
for 
Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities complying with UCITS 
IV.]  
 
[Diversification Criteria 2: None]  
 
[Diversification Criteria 3: The 
Collateral Assets comprised in a 
Collateral Pool shall comply with 
any of the following limits, or any 
combination thereof:  
[insert the following as applicable:]

--- Page 129 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
129 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the bonds asset 
type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the corporate 
bonds asset type and (ii) the 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the sovereign 
bonds asset type and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (excluding funds) and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (including Exchange Traded 
Funds but excluding other funds) 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%;]  
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of the equities asset 
type (including Exchange Traded 
Funds and other mutual funds but 
excluding other funds) and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of any Collateral 
Asset 
and 
(ii) the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities included 
in an index and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not 
exceed [specify percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities issued 
by any one Obligor and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool

--- Page 130 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
130 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of bond securities 
issued by any one Obligor and (ii) 
the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral 
Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of equity securities 
issued by any one Obligor and (ii) 
the 
aggregate 
Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral 
Pool shall not exceed [specify 
percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of securities issued 
by Obligors (bond or equity) 
incorporated in [the same country / 
specify 
country] 
and 
(ii) 
the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%;]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market 
Value 
of 
securities 
denominated in the same currency 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) 
Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed 
[specify percentage]%; [and]]  
 
- [the ratio of (i) the aggregate 
Market Value of cash denominated 
in [specify currency] and (ii) the 
aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool 
shall 
not 
exceed 
[specify 
percentage]%.]  
 
Market Value means, in respect of 
any asset, a valuation of the asset, 
as determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
using 
standard 
market 
methods for the relevant asset, as 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent 
in 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner. Such standard 
market methods include but are not 
limited to, requesting quotations for 
the asset from one or more leading 
dealers in the relevant market 
and/or using the net asset value or 
the aggregate amount that would 
be received by a hypothetical 
investor in the asset, as the case 
may be, on placement of a valid 
order for redemption thereof.  
As used herein, equities shall 
include, but not be limited to, 
exchange traded funds shares or 
units, hedge funds shares or units, 
mutual funds shares or units, 
options and warrants.]]

--- Page 131 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
131 
 
(v)  
Collateralisation Percentage: 
[specify percentage] with [Fixed 
Collateralisation][Variable 
Collateralisation] 
[Variable 
Collateralisation 
Floor: 
specify 
percentage] 
 
(vi) 
Haircuts: 
[Haircut 1: The Haircut applicable 
to each Collateral Assets is 0%.]  
 
[Haircut 2: The Haircut applicable 
to an equity security comprised in 
one of the following indices: S&P 
500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 
225, HK Index, Korean Index is 0%.  
The Haircut applicable to any other 
equity security is 25%.]  
 
[Haircut 3: The Haircut applicable 
to an equity security or bond with a 
rating higher than B- by Standard & 
Poor's Rating Services, a division 
of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by 
Moody's 
Investors 
Service 
(Moody's) is 0%.  
 
The Haircut applicable to a mutual 
fund share is 10%.  
 
The Haircut applicable to an asset 
backed security (ABS) or a hedge 
fund share is 20%.]  
 
(vii) 
 General 
information 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Collateral 
Assets or, in case of Multiple 
Series 
Collateral 
Pool, 
Fiduciary Securities:  
  
 
 
 
 
- Legal jurisdiction by which 
the Fiduciary Assets are 
governed:  
 
 
[specify] 
 
[Save as specified in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” hereto and 
subject to the Eligibility Criteria, 
there are no restrictions on the type 
of securities that may comprise the 
Fiduciary Securities]  
 
 
- The legal nature of the 
assets:  
 
 
[specify]  
 
Save as specified in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” hereto and 
subject to the Eligibility Criteria, 
there are no restrictions on the type 
of securities that may comprise the 
Fiduciary Securities]  
 
 
- The expiry or maturity 
date(s) of the assets:  
 
 
[specify]  
 
[Unless previously redeemed, the 
Swap Agreement, to the extent it 
relates to the Notes will terminate 
on the Maturity Date of the Notes. 
Unless previously terminated the 
Securities Lending Agreement is 
scheduled to terminate no later 
than the Maturity Date of the 
Notes.]  
 
[There is no minimum or maximum 
maturity date for the Compartment

--- Page 132 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
132 
Securities that may be held by the 
Fiduciary from time to time.]  
 
 
- The amount of the assets:  
 
As specified in “Annex for 
Fiduciary Securities” hereto.  
 
 
- Loan to value ratio or level 
of collateralisation:  
 
As specified in paragraph 27(v) 
Collateralisation Percentage  
 
 
- An indication of significant 
representations and 
collaterals given to the issuer 
relating to the assets:  
As per Condition 3.4 in Part 3 – 
Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the 
General Terms and Conditions  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Provisions applicable to payment 
date(s): 
 
 
- 
Payment Business Day: 
[Following Payment Business Day] 
[Modified 
Following 
Payment 
Business Day]  
 
- 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Insert the financial centre(s)] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes 
with Physical Settlement: [Insert 
the financial centre(s)] and solely 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
physical 
settlement, if applicable, a day in 
any other jurisdiction in which a 
bank must be open in order to 
effect settlement of any Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered.] 
 
 
[NB: Amend "Payment Business Day" definition if payment is to be 
made on 25 December as Euroclear and Clearstream do not settle 
payments on such day.]  
 
[NB: "Payment Business Day" election in accordance with General 
Condition 5.12] 
29. 
 
Form of the Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[If 
Notes 
in 
bearer 
form: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer 
Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
 
[If 
Notes 
in 
registered 
form: 
Registered Global Note registered 
in the name of a nominee for a 
common [depositary] [safekeeper] 
for Euroclear and Clearstream] 
 
[If SIS Notes in bearer form: [CHF 
SIS Notes] [Other SIS Notes] in the 
form of a Permanent Global SIS 
Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer SIS Note only upon a 
Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event]

--- Page 133 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
133 
[If 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes in book entry 
form issued and cleared through 
the Settlement Organisation [and 
[Euroclear] [and/or]  [Clearstream] 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Dematerialised Securities Law.]]  
 
 
 
 
[NB: Elect "Yes" opposite "New Global Note (NGN) / New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)" if "Yes" is elected in Part B under the 
heading “Operational Information” opposite the paragraph entitled 
“Eurosystem eligibility of the Notes” ] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note (NGN – 
bearer notes) / New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS – 
registered notes): 
[Yes – NGN - bearer notes] [Yes- 
NSS- registered notes] [No]  
 
 
 
[NB: Delete the following subparagraph in case of Notes other than 
Definitive Bearer Notes] 
 
(iii) 
[Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes (if appropriate)]] 
30. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 1.5] 
31. 
Consolidation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 14.2]  
32. 
Partly Paid Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.6]  
 
 
 
[NB: Insert amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to be made and consequences of 
failure to pay] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Part Payment Amount(s): 
[Insert the part payment amount(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Part Payment Date(s): 
[Insert the part payment date(s)] 
33. 
Instalment Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.5]  
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Insert the instalment amount(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Insert the instalment date(s)] 
34. 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 5.16] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Settlement Currency 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Dual 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate: 
[Specify an exchange rate]  
 
(iii) 
Method of calculating the 
fixing 
of 
Dual 
Currency 
Exchange Rate: 
[Predetermined] [Calculation Agent 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
 
 
[If Predetermined: 
 
 
- 
Predetermined Fixing 
[specify the fixing]

--- Page 134 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
134 
 
 
[If Screen Rate Determination or Calculation Agent Determination: 
 
- 
Dual Currency Valuation Date 
[●] 
 
- 
Dual Currency Valuation Time 
[●] 
 
 
[If Screen Rate Determination: 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page 
[●] 
35. 
Additional Amount Provisions for 
Italian Certificates: 
[Applicable 
as 
per 
General 
Condition 5.10] [In the case of 
Repack Notes: subject to "Part 2 – 
Repack Notes Specific Provisions" 
of 
the 
General 
Terms 
and 
Conditions.]  
 
[In the case of Credit Linked Notes 
: subject to the provisions of 
paragraph "Credit  Linked Notes 
Provisions" and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Additional Amount(s) 
Unless previously redeemed, on 
the applicable Additional Amount 
Payment Date(s), the Fiduciary 
shall pay to the Certificateholders, 
for each Certificate, an amount 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent as follows:  
 
[[●] per Certificate of [●] Specified 
Denomination] 
 
[If the Additional Amounts vary 
depending 
on 
the 
Additional 
Amount Payment Dates, insert: 
 
[●] per Certificate of [●] Specified 
Denomination, 
on 
Additional 
Amount Payment Date(1); 
 
[●] per Certificate of [●] Specified 
Denomination, on the Additional 
Amount Payment Date(2); (…) 
 
[●] per Certificate of [●] Specified 
Denomination, on the Additional 
Amount Payment Date(insert the 
number of the last Additional 
Amount Payment Date); 
 
(ii) 
Additional Amount Payment 
Date(s) 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
36. 
 
Interest Amount and/or the 
Redemption Amount switch at 
the option of the Fiduciary: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
General Condition 6.1.3.3]

--- Page 135 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
135 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Substitute Coupon: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
- 
Substitute Coupon Amount: 
[●] 
 
- 
Additional Substitute Coupon 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Market Value for the Switch: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Substitute Final Redemption: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(iv) 
Substitute Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v)  
Optional Modification Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Notice Period: 
[●] 
37. 
Portfolio Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable, 
subject 
to 
the 
provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Portfolio Linked 
Notes] 
 
 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i)  
Basket Component(s): 
As specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Notes" hereto 
 
(ii) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex 
for Portfolio Linked 
Notes" hereto] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex 
for Portfolio Linked 
Notes" hereto] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  
Derivatives Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex 
for Portfolio Linked 
Notes" hereto] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  
Equity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex 
for Portfolio Linked 
Notes" hereto] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Market Data: 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex 
for Portfolio Linked 
Notes" hereto] [Not Applicable] 
38. 
Permitted Tax Jurisdiction: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs]  
 
[If Applicable:  
Specified Country means [•]] 
39. 
SG Luxembourg  Declaration 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
Information or summaries of information included herein with respect to [the Underlying(s)] [and] [the Reference Rate] have 
been extracted from general databases released publicly or by any other available information.

--- Page 136 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
136 
[Each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor] [The Fiduciary] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
[In the case of Notes to be listed to SIX Swiss Exchange: To the extent information or summaries of information contained 
herein with respect to [the Underlying(s)] [and] [the Reference Rate] has been extracted from general databases publicly 
available or by any other available information, each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, if any, confirms that this information 
has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, if any, is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. In addition, the issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information] [The latest annual reports for the 
issuer(s) of the Underlying(s) may be obtained free of charge, on the relevant website specified above, or, if not on such 
website, upon request at the specified office of Societe Generale (see in address and contact details of Societe Generale for 
all administrative communications relating to the Notes).]]  
 
[In the case of Notes to be listed to SIX Swiss Exchange only: RESPONSIBILITY 
 
The Fiduciary and the Guarantor, if any, accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the 
best of the knowledge and belief of the Fiduciary [and the Guarantor] the information contained in these Final Terms is in 
accordance with all the facts and no material facts or circumstances have been omitted.] 
 
[NB: The applicable Final Terms should be signed by the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, as the case may be, in those jurisdictions 
in which the Fiduciary and the Guarantor, as the case may be, is legally required to sign or in which market practice dictates 
that it should. The signature block may be deleted in those jurisdictions in which neither of the above applies. 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Fiduciary: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised] 
Duly authorised] ]

--- Page 137 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
137 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
  
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
[If no listing: None] [Application will be made for the Notes to 
be listed on [the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[SIX Swiss Exchange] [Insert any other market]]  
(ii)   Admission to trading: 
[In the case of an admission to trading on a non-European 
Union or where no admission to trading is to occur: Not 
Applicable] [Application will be made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [In the case of an admission to trading 
on a European Union [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [Insert other regulated market]] with effect 
from, or as soon as practicable after, [the Issue Date] [In the 
case of admission to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange: SIX 
Swiss Exchange] with effect from, or as soon as practicable 
after, [the Issue Date] [Specify first listing date].] 
 
[There can be no assurance that the listing and trading of 
the Notes will be approved with effect on [the Issue Date] 
or at all.] 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading: The existing 
[Insert specified currency and aggregate nominal amount] 
Notes [If issuance of Notes:(Tranche [Insert the number of 
the previous tranche(s)])] are already admitted to trading on 
[Insert name of the relevant market]]  
(iii)   Estimate of total expenses related to admission to 
trading**: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the amount of total expenses**]]  
(iv)   Information required for Notes to be listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]   
 
[If (iv) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
until (d) below] 
[-    Listing/Trading information: 
 
(a)    Trading Size and Ratio: 
[The Notes can only be traded in the [Specified Denomination]]  
and integral multiples of the [Specified Denomination]] 
[Minimum and maximum trading size and the standard 
exercise ratio] 
(b)    First Trading Day: 
[Insert the first trading day]  
(c)    Last Trading Day and Time: 
[Insert the last trading day and, in the case of derivatives, the 
time of day at which trading shall cease ] 
(d)    Swiss ticker symbol: 
[Insert the Swiss ticker symbol] 
(e)    Type of quoting: 
[●] [The Notes are traded or quoted including accrued interest 
(dirty trading) / accrued interest is shown separately (clean 
trading)].  
[in case of derivatives: 
(f)    Capital Protection: 
[Capital protection: [100% at Maturity Date (in case of early 
redemption, the redemption amount may be less than the 
Specified Denomination)]] [No capital protection]]] 
- Additional information: 
(a)    Fees charged by the Issuer to the Noteholders post-
issuance: 
[Insert the fees] [None]

--- Page 138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
138 
(b)    Name and address of the representative for purposes 
of article 58a of the Listing Rules of SIX Swiss Exchange: 
[Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 50, 8021 
Zurich, Switzerland.] [Insert name and address of the relevant 
representatives if different from the foregoing] 
(c)    No material adverse change: 
[Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus (as amended by 
supplements from time to time), there has been no material 
adverse change, nor any event involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the financial and trading position of the 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] since the date of the Base 
Prospectus (as amended by supplements from time to time)]  
(d)    Swiss tax information: 
[Insert any tax information required by section 3.2.12 of 
scheme F of SIX Swiss Exchange.] 
[Noteholders are advised to consult with their professional tax 
advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition or redemption of Notes.]] 
2. RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have [not] been rated [Specify the rating(s) of the Notes] being issued] [by [Specify rating agency(ies)].] 
[If credit ratings are assigned to Notes at the request or with the cooperation of the Fiduciary in the rating process, need to include 
a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
 
[Such credit rating[s] [has been] [are] issued by [a] credit rating agency[ies] established in the European Union, registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as amended) and are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's website ( https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk ).] 
[NB: When applicable, the above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.] 
3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Fiduciary is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Fiduciary [if Secured Notes is Applicable: and the Guarantor]  and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.]/[Description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons 
involved and the nature of the interest] 
4. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
[Where applicable, disclosure of the estimated total expenses of the issue/offer and the estimated net amount of the proceeds. 
These expenses and proceeds shall be broken into each principal intended use and presented by order of priority of such uses. 
If the Fiduciary is aware that the anticipated proceeds will not be sufficient to fund all the proposed uses, state the amount and 
sources of other funds needed.]  
(i)   [Reasons for the offer]* and use of proceeds: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify the use of proceeds]  
 
[The Notes constitute [Green/Social/Sustainability] Positive 
Impact Notes and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
will be applied to finance and/or refinance [describe specific 
Eligible Activities and Framework, including website link, 
second party opinion and/or other relevant information where 
such information can be obtained]. 
(If the Fiduciary is aware that the estimated proceeds will not 
be sufficient to finance all intended uses, indicate the amount 
and source of the necessary additional funds). 
 
[NB: Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds must be 
specified in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange] 
(ii)    Estimated net proceeds: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the estimated net proceeds]  
(iii)   Estimated total expenses*: 
[Insert the estimated total expenses] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
139 
(fees should be broken down according to the main intended 
uses, in descending order of priority) 
5. INDICATION OF YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
  [Not Applicable] [If the Notes are debt securities to which Annex 14 and Annex 17 of the Delegated Regulation applies: [give an 
indication of yield]]  
6. HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)*  
  [Not Applicable] [Details of historic rates of the Reference Rate can be obtained, [free of charge]/[for a fee], from [Insert the 
source/give details of the electronic means of obtaining details of the performance].]  
7. PERFORMANCE AND EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT  
 
   (i)    PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT (Structured Notes only) 
[NB: This paragraph only applies if the Notes  are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of the Regulation applies.] 
[Not Applicable] [Information on the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [free of charge]/[for a 
fee], from [●]/[give details of electronic means of obtaining details of the performance.]]. 
 
[insert where required to be provided by law of the country in which the Notes are sold: The Fiduciary intends to provide post-
issuance information regarding the securities to be admitted to trading and the performance of the underlying collateral on [•]] 
[does not intend to provide post-issuance information regarding the securities to be admitted to trading and the performance of 
the underlying collateral].  
 
   (ii)    PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT (Dual 
Currency Notes only)  
 
[NB: This paragraph only applies if the Notes giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset are 
derivative securities to which Annex 17 of the Delegated Regulation applies.] 
 
[Not Applicable] [Information on the Underlying, its volatility and its past and future performance can be obtained, [gratuitously]/[on 
a paying basis], from [●]/[give details of the electronic means of obtaining details of the performance.]. 
8. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) Security identification code(s): 
 
- ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]  
[-    Common code: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    Temporary ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    Temporary Common code: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    CFI: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    FISN: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    Swiss security number (Valoren number): 
[Insert the Swiss security number]] 
[Add as many lines as necessary] 
 
(ii) Clearing System(s): 
[Insert name(s) and address(es) of the relevant clearing 
system(s) and, if required, the relevant identification 
number(s)] 
 
[If the paragraph "Form of the Notes" specifies that the Notes 
to be issued are in certificated form or book-entry form, insert 
name and address of the entity in charge of keeping the 
records.] 
(iii) Settlement Organisation:  
 
[Not Applicable] [If Dematerialised Notes: [insert name(s) of the 
relevant Settlement Organisation and, if required, the relevant 
identification numbers(s)]]  
(iv) Delivery of the Notes: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment

--- Page 140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
140 
(v) Calculation Agent: 
[Insert name and address] 
(vi) LuxCSD Principal Agent:  
 
[Not Applicable] [If Dematerialised Notes: [insert name(s) and 
address(es)]]  
 
(vii)           Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert 
name(s) 
and 
address(es)]  
 
[If Notes other than SIS  
Notes, and listed on SIX, add: 
/ Societe Generale, Paris, 
Zurich Branch, Talacker 50, 
8021 Zurich, Switzerland] 
 
[If 
SIS 
Notes: 
Societe 
Generale, 
Paris, 
Zurich 
Branch, Talacker 50, 8021 
Zurich, Switzerland] 
(viii)            Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
 
[Yes. 
Note 
that 
the 
designation 
“yes” 
simply 
means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the 
ICSDs 
as 
common 
safekeeper  and does not 
necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy 
and 
intra-day 
credit 
operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life, or 
that, even if recognised, the 
eligibility will continue during 
the life of the Notes. Such 
recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is 
specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future 
such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper.]   
Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]

--- Page 141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
141 
[NB: Elect "Yes" opposite "(iv)Eurosystem eligibility of the Notes” if "Yes" is elected in Part A under the heading “Form of the 
Notes” opposite the paragraph entitled "New Global Note (NGN) / New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)"] 
(ix)        Address and contact details of Societe Generale for all administrative 
communications relating to the Notes:  
[Societe 
Generale 
Tour 
Societe 
Generale 
17, 
Cours 
Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense 
Cedex 
France 
 
Name: 
Sales 
Support 
Services 
- 
Derivatives  
Tel: +33 1 57 29 12 12 
(Hotline) 
Email: 
clientsupport-
deai@sgcib.com]  
9. DISTRIBUTION 
   (i)   Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] 
[Non-
syndicated] 
[If syndicated: 
- Names [and addresses and underwriting commitments]* of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [give names 
[and 
addresses]* 
and 
underwriting commitments] of 
Managers] 
 
[If the Notes are derivative 
instruments to which Annex 
14 
of 
the 
Delegated 
Regulation applies due to the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
, 
include 
the 
names 
[and 
addresses]* 
of 
entities 
agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment 
basis and the names [and 
addresses]* of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.] 
- Date of Syndication Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the 
date 
of 
syndication 
agreement] 
[Only applicable if the Notes are debt securities or derivative securities to which Annex 14 or Annex 17 of the Delegated 
Regulation, respectively, applies.] 
- Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the 
name of stabilising manager]] 
[If non-syndicated: 
- Name(s) [and addresses and any underwriting commitment] Dealer(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert name 
[and address]* of Dealer] 
[NB: If the Notes are derivative instruments to which Annex 14 of the Delegated Regulation applies, include the names [and 
addresses]* of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and the names [and addresses]* of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the Dealer.]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
142 
   (ii)   Total commission and concession: 
[Not Applicable] [[Insert the 
percentage] per cent. of the 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[aggregate 
Notional 
Amount][There 
is 
no 
commission 
and/or 
concession 
paid 
by 
the 
Fiduciary to the Dealer or the 
Managers] [Specify any other 
commission]]* 
   (iii)   TEFRA rules: 
[Not Applicable] [TEFRA D] 
[TEFRA C] [Not Applicable. 
Treated 
by 
Clearstream 
Frankfurt as registered notes 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Notes are 
subject to a book entry 
agreement entered into by 
Clearstream Frankfurt and 
the Fiduciary.] 
   (iv)    Non-exempt Offer Notes - Consent of the Fiduciary to use the Base Prospectus 
during the Offer Period: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[A 
Non-
exempt Offer Note may be 
made by [the Managers] [the 
Dealer] [and] [any Initial 
Authorised Offeror below 
mentioned] [,any Additional 
Authorised 
Offeror, 
the 
name and address of whom 
will be published on the 
website of the Fiduciary ( 
http://prospectus.socgen.com 
)] [and any [other] financial 
intermediaries to whom the 
Fiduciary gives a General 
Consent 
(the 
General 
Authorised Offerors)] in the 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
jurisdiction(s) (Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction(s)) during 
the 
offer 
period 
(Offer 
Period) as specified in the 
paragraph 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Offer" 
below.] 
[If (iv) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
- Individual Consent / Name(s) and address(es) of any Initial Authorised Offeror: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable 
[Insert the name and address 
of 
any 
initial 
authorised 
offeror]]] 
- General Consent/ Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert any other condition to 
consent if relevant]  
   (v)    U.S. federal income tax considerations: 
[Insert if the Fiduciary has 
determined that the Notes are 
NOT Specified Notes: The 
Notes are not Specified Notes 
for purposes of the Section 
871(m) Regulations.]  
 
[Insert if the Fiduciary has 
determined that the Notes are 
Specified Notes or, in the 
case of Repack Notes, the 
Hedge is subject to Section

--- Page 143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
143 
871(m): The Fiduciary (or 
Guarantor) has determined 
that this Note substantially 
replicates 
the 
economic 
performance of one or more 
U.S. Underlying Equities (and 
as such, for the purposes of 
IRS Notice 2018-72, such 
Note is deemed a "delta-one" 
Note) and is therefore a 
Specified Note for purposes 
of 
Section 
871(m) 
Regulations. 
Additional 
information 
regarding 
the 
application of Section 871(m) 
Regulations on the Notes is 
available 
on 
request 
at 
Societe 
Generale 
by 
contacting 
[specify 
the 
relevant email address].  
Section 871(m) Regulations’ 
withholding tax will be at a 
rate of [●] per cent. and will be 
withheld by [specify].  
 
[Insert 
if 
Repack 
Note 
collateralised by bonds that 
produce U.S. source interest 
income: 
The 
U.S. 
tax 
treatment of ownership of a 
Repack 
Note 
is 
unclear. 
Solely for U.S. tax purposes, 
a holder of the Repack Notes 
will be treated as the owner of 
any specified bonds that 
collateralised 
the 
Repack 
Notes. As a consequence of 
this treatment, to the extent 
the specified bonds pay U.S.-
source interest income, a 
holder must provide certain 
U.S. tax documentation to the 
Fiduciary to receive such 
income 
free 
from 
U.S. 
withholding tax. ]  
 
[Insert if the Section 871(m) 
determination 
cannot 
be 
made on the date of the Final 
Terms: This information is 
indicative and will be updated 
based on circumstances at 
the 
time 
the 
Notes 
are 
issued.]  
 
[Insert if the Fiduciary has 
determined that the Notes are 
Zero 
Estimated 
Dividends 
Securities: The Fiduciary has 
determined that this Note is a 
Zero 
Estimated 
Dividends 
Security and as such, for the 
purposes of Treas. Reg. § 
1.871-15(i)(2)(iii)), 
the 
withholding tax to be applied 
to this Note is zero.]  
(vi)      [Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
144 
(If the Notes do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the 
Notes 
do 
constitute 
“packaged” products and a 
key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products and no 
KID 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” 
product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment 
product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 
2014 
an 
investment, 
where, 
regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount 
repayable 
to 
the 
retail 
investor 
is 
subject 
to 
fluctuations 
because 
of 
exposure to reference values 
or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the 
retail investor).] 
(vii)    [Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the 
Notes 
do 
constitute 
“packaged” products and a 
key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” products and no 
KID 
will 
be 
prepared, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” 
product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment 
product” which means, in 
accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, an 
investment, 
where, 
regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount 
repayable 
to 
the 
retail 
investor 
is 
subject 
to 
fluctuations 
because 
of 
exposure to reference values 
or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the 
retail investor).]  
(viii)    [Name and address of the entity or the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediary(ies) in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of its or their commitment: 
[specify]]

--- Page 145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
145 
[If the Notes are linked to an Advised SGI Index or to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Fiduciary elects NOT to apply IRS U.S. Person 
definition, insert the following paragraph: 
(ix)      Regulation S U.S. Person 
Applicable] 
[If the Notes are neither linked to an Advised SGI Index nor to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Fiduciary elects to also apply IRS 
U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph: 
(x)     Regulation S U.S. Person AND IRS U.S. Person  
 
Applicable] 
10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
[NB: This paragraph applies only in respect of any offer of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) which is not made pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]  
[Not Applicable]  
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
- Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Specify Relevant State(s) – 
which must be jurisdictions in 
which the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have 
been passported] [France] 
[Luxembourg] 
[Portugal] 
[Spain] 
- Offer Period: 
[Indicate the offer period] 
- Offer Price: 
[[The [Notes] [Certificates] will 
be offered at the Issue Price 
[up to a maximum] of [insert 
percentage], represented by 
a distribution fee payable 
upfront by the Fiduciary to the 
Distributor[s]].]  
 
[The Notes will be offered at 
the market price which: 
 
-   will be determined by the 
Dealer on a daily basis [in 
accordance 
with 
market 
conditions 
then 
prevailing 
including the current market 
price of the Underlying(s);] 
[and] 
-    [will evolve between the 
Issue Date and the last day of 
the Offer Period on a linear 
basis in such way equal to 
[insert percentage] on the last 
day of the Offer Period; and  
-    will be provided by the 
Dealer to any Noteholder 
upon request.] 
 
[The Notes issued on the 
Issue 
Date 
will 
be 
fully 
subscribed by the Dealer and 
thereafter offered by way of a 
non-exempt 
offer 
in 
the 
secondary market[, at the 
Issue Price, during the Offer 
Period.] 
 
[The offer price will evolve at 
a rate of [specify percentage]

--- Page 146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
146 
between the Issue Date and 
[insert date] in order to each 
[insert percentage] on [insert 
date] in accordance with the 
following formula; 
Offer 
Price 
(t) 
= 
OfferPriceBase 
x 
(1 
+ 
Convergence Percentage x 
Nb(t) / 360) 
 
Where : 
 
OfferPriceBase 
means 
[specify]; and 
 
ConvergencePercentage 
means [specify]; and 
 
Nb(t) means the number of 
calendar days between the 
Issue Date and the date "t" on 
which the value of the Notes 
is calculated (both dates 
included).] 
 
[The Notes will be offered at 
the market price which will be 
determined by the Dealer on 
a 
continuous 
basis 
in 
accordance with the market 
conditions then prevailing. 
 
Depending 
on 
market 
Conditions, the offer price 
shall be equal, higher or lower 
than the Issue Price of the 
[Notes] [Certificates].] 
 
[The offer price shall be 
provided by the Dealer by 
way of quotes made available 
(directly 
or 
indirectly) 
on 
[EuroTLX] [SeDeX] [MOT – 
EuroMOT segment] [MOT – 
DomesticMOT 
segment] 
[specify other]] 
 
[The [Issue Price] [price] is 
also 
increased 
by 
fees 
[specify].] 
- Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Indicate the conditions to 
which the offer is subject]  
- Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable] [Describe the 
application process] 
- Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions and manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable] [Describe the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding 
excess 
amount 
paid by applicants] 
- Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Indicate 
details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application 
(whether 
in 
number 
of 
securities 
or 
aggregate amount to invest]

--- Page 147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
147 
- Details of the method and time limits for paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Describe method and time 
limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes] 
- Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public: 
[Describe the arrangements 
and time for announcing to 
the 
public 
the 
definitive 
amount of the offer] 
- Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable] [Describe the 
procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised] 
- Whether tranche(s) has/have been reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable] [If the offer is 
being made simultaneously in 
the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has 
been reserved for certain of 
these, indicate any such 
tranche] 
- Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable] [Describe the 
process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made] 
 
- Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Indicate the amount of any 
expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser]* 
11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) Minimum investment in the Notes:  
[Not Applicable] [Insert the 
minimum investment]  
(ii) [Minimum trading] [Minimum Trading Lot][Minimum trading number]: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert the 
minimum trading or, in the 
case of Italian Certificates 
only, the minimum trading lot]  
[Add as many lines as necessary: 
[-    [Insert any other relevant additional information pursuant to Annex 28 of Delegated 
Regulation ]: 
[Give details]]  
 
12.    PUBLIC OFFERS IN SWITZERLAND 
[If bonds or structured products publicly offered in Switzerland, add: Applicable, i.e. the Notes may be offered publicly in 
Switzerland.] 
13.    EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION

--- Page 148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
148 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
[Amounts payable under the 
Notes will be calculated by 
reference to the relevant 
Benchmark which is provided 
by the relevant Administrator, 
as specified in the table 
below. 
 
As at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
the 
relevant 
Administrator appears/ does 
not appear, as the case may 
be, 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 
36 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended (the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation), 
as specified in the table 
below. 
 
If “Does not appear and 
exempted” is specified in the 
table below, it means that the 
relevant Administrator does 
not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation. 
 
If “Does not appear and non-
exempted” is specified in the 
table below, it means that, as 
far as the Fiduciary is aware, 
the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that 
the relevant Administrator is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration.] 
 
[For the following table, add as many lines as necessary] 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
[Insert the name of 
Benchmark] 
[Insert the name of 
Administrator] 
[Appears] 
[Does not appear and 
exempted] 
[Does not appear and non-
exempted]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
149 
 
 
ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
[Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name Notes"  
Reference Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Obligation 
Seniority 
[Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] 
or [●] 
[●]] 
[For the following tables, add as many lines as necessary: 
Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "First-to-Default Notes"  
 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference Entities Transaction Type Reference Obligation 
Seniority [Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:
Applicable] or [●] 
[●]] 
 
[Insert the following table if "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Basket Notes" or "Tranche Notes": 
 
[Insert the following if "Basket Notes" or "Tranche Notes"  and the Reference Portfolio is made up of the constituents of an index: 
 
Index: [●] 
 
Source: [●] 
 
Annex Date: [●]] 
 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference Entities Transaction Type 
Reference 
Entity  
Weighting 
Reference  
Obligation 
Seniority  
[Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:
Applicable] 
or [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[For Single Name Notes : Terms applicable to the Reference Entity are the ones specified in the tables below for the Transaction Type 
of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.] 
 
[For Basket Notes, Tranche Notes and First-to-Default Notes : Terms applicable to a Reference Entity are the ones specified in the tables 
below for the Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.] 
 
In the tables below, "X" means "Applicable" [conversely, when left in blank, means "Not Applicable"]. 
 
Credit Events and related options 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Bankruptcy 
[X] 
Failure to Pay 
[X] 
Grace Period Extension 
[X] 
Notice of Publicly Available Information 
[X] 
Payment Requirement  
[[X] (USD 1,000,000)] [[X] ([●])] 
Obligation Default 
[X]

--- Page 150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
150 
Obligation Acceleration 
[X] 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
[X] 
Restructuring 
[X] 
Mod R 
[X] 
Mod Mod R 
[X] 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
[X] 
Default Requirement  
[[X] (USD 10,000,000)] [[X] ([●])] 
All Guarantees 
[X] 
Governmental Intervention 
[X] 
Financial Reference Entity Terms 
[X] 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
[X] 
2014 Coco Supplement 
[X] 
No Asset Package Delivery 
[X] 
Senior Non-Preferred Supplement 
[X] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement 
[X] 
Fallback Discounting 
[X] 
[Business Days (for the purposes of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes)] 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes] 
Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X] 
Borrowed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X] 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X] 
 Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law 
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X]

--- Page 151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
151 
Borrowed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X] 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law 
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Assignable Loan 
[X] 
Consent Required Loan 
[X] 
Transferable 
[X] 
Not Bearer 
[X] 
Maximum Maturity: 30 Years 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
Accelerated or Matured 
[X] 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES      
 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
 
Initial composition of the Portfolio 
 
-    If the initial Portfolio comprises no Portfolio Component and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
The Portfolio is invested in cash only as of Valuation Date(0). 
 
-    Otherwise 
 
k 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k) 
Bloomberg 
Ticker 
Basket  
Component 
Type 
Portfolio  
Component 
[Unfunded  
Component] 
Portfolio 
Component 
Currency 
(k)  
[FX 
Hedge] 
[FXRatio] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify name of
Portfolio 
Component (k)] 
[Specify ticker] [Index] 
[Share] 
[ETF Share] 
[Fund] 
[Single 
Commodity] 
[Single Debt] 
[Single 
Basket 
Component-
] 
 
[Equity
Instrument] 
[Commodity 
Instrument]  
[Debt      
Instrument]  
[Derivatives 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
currency] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
ratio]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
152 
Derivatives] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Instrument]]  
[Market 
Data] 
 
 
k 
[Reference 
Price] 
[DistRate 
(k,t)] 
[Q(k,0)] 
[RateLong 
(k,t)] 
[RateShort 
(k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Long( 
k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Short 
(k,t)] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Closing Price 
[Fixing Price] 
[Specify  
ReferenceFixing 
Time] 
[TWAP][Specify 
TWAPStartTime 
and 
TWAPEndTime] 
[VWAP][Specify 
VWAPStartTime 
and 
VWAPEndTime] 
[Opening Price] 
[Best Effort] 
[Bid-Ask 
Spread][Specify 
SpreadMidAsk 
and 
SpreadBidMid] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
initial 
quantity] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a rate or 
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent 
 
k 
[ExecCostRateIn  
k,t)]  
[ExecCostRateOut( 
k,t)] 
[ExecAddOnRate( 
k,t)] 
[InitialWeight 
(k)] 
[S(k,0)] 
[Specify k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may 
be fixed or  
variable over time,
they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
rate or  
combination  
or rates  
determined  
by the  
Calculation  
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may 
be fixed or  
variable over  
time, they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
rate or  
combination  
or rates  
determined by  
the Calculation  
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be  
fixed or  
variable over  
time, they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
rate or  
combination  
or rates  
determined by  
the  
Calculation  
Agent] 
[Specify InitialWeight] [Specify initial  
level  
of 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k)] 
 
Parameters and elections relating to the Portfolio 
 
Scheduled Calculation Dates  
[Specify the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level] 
 
[Restriking Date(s)  
[Specify the dates]] 
 
[Elections relating to the Portfolio] 
 
 [Crash Put Costs Calculation   
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dynamic Fx-hedge 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
Dynamic Portfolio 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Excess Return  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting    
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Quanto Option  
 [Applicable][Not Applicable]]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
153 
 
[Reinvestment Method   
[Individual Components] [Cash Bucket] [Portfolio]] 
 
[Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Weight Reset   
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
   
[Parameters relating to the Portfolio] 
 
[DDIMPLong  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDIMPShort  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDLS  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[GearingInfLong    
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingInfShort   
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupLong  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupShort  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GrossGearingSup 
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Lag   
 
[Specify the number]] 
[PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime   
[Specify relevant fixing time]] 
 
[PortfolioFXSource    
[Specify relevant foreign exchange rate source]] 
[Portfolio Currency   
[specify currency]] 
 
[PL(0)  
[Specify the initial level of the Portfolio]] 
 
[RateLong(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]] 
 
[RateShort(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]] 
 
[Reference Price 
[Specify relevant reference price]] 
 
[TimeBasis  
 
[360] [365] [specify other]] 
[TargetGearingLong 
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[TargetGearingShort  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Weight Reset Date(s)  
[Specify the dates]] 
 
 
[if Dynamic Portfolio is “Applicable”, specify the following: 
 
Communication Deadline 
 
[Specify relevant communication deadline] 
[ExecCostRateIn(k,t)    
 
 [Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateIn per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]] 
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t)     
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateOut per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]] 
 
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t)    
 [Specify the percentage][if ExecAddOnRate per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]]

--- Page 154 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
154 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
[In order for the Portfolio to remain eligible as Underlying of the 
Notes, the Portfolio and Portfolio Components shall comply with 
each of the following criteria, unless otherwise waived by the 
Calculation Agent:] [Specify the list of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria in relation to the Portfolio, in particular in accordance with 
Condition 3.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio 
Linked Notes] 
Portfolio Publication Website  
[specify the website on which information related to the Portfolio 
and Modifications will be published in accordance with the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes] 
Review Date 
[Specify the relevant review dates in respect of Modifications] 
Rebalancing Date 
[Specify the relevant rebalancing dates in respect of Modifications] 
[Target Exposure Implementation Date 
 
[Specify]] 
[TCR(k,t)  
 
[Specify the percentage] [if TCR per Market,  
specify the percentages per Market]  
 
[if TCR per Reference Price,  
specify the percentages per Reference Price]] 
[Theoretical Communication Deadline  
[Specify relevant theoretical communication deadline]] 
Weighting Advisor  
[specify identity and details in accordance with the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked  Notes]]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
155 
 
[ANNEX FOR SGI INDEX RULES 
 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
 
(If the Notes are linked to an SGI Index, the Fiduciary should annex the Index Rules of such SGI Index to the applicable final terms)]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
156 
ANNEX FOR FIDUCIARY SECURITIES  
 
The table below contains information on the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary in the Collateral Pool as at the Issue Date.  
 
[Insert the following tables if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes”, and add as many lines as necessary:  
 
[Insert the following table if “Type of Repack Notes” is “Single Bond Repack Notes”: 
 
Underlyin
g 
Borrower 
(if any) [If 
none then 
delete 
relevant 
column]]  
Bon
d 
ISIN 
Cod
e  
Bond 
Currenc
y  
Bond 
Notion
al 
Amoun
t  
Maturit
y  
[Address 
and country 
of 
incorporatio
n of the 
obligor]  
Market 
on 
which 
the 
securitie
s are 
admitted 
to 
trading  
Significant 
business 
activities/Investme
nt Policy [include 
global statistical 
data where 
relevant and 
information 
regarding the 
economic 
environment]  
Material 
Relationshi
p between 
the 
Fiduciary 
and the 
Underlying 
Borrower  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[•]  
[if 
relationship 
exists that is 
material to 
the issue of 
the Notes 
between the 
Fiduciary 
and the 
Underlying 
Borrower, 
disclose 
details]  
[If no 
material 
relationship 
exists 
insert: To 
the best of 
the 
Fiduciary’s 
knowledge, 
as at the 
Issue Date 
no 
relationship 
exists that is 
material to 
the issue of 
the Notes 
between the 
Fiduciary 
and the 
Underlying 
Borrower.]

--- Page 157 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
157 
Insert the following tables if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Secured Notes”, and add as many lines as necessary:  
 
ISIN 
Code  
Issuer 
Address and 
Country 
of
Incorporation 
Quantity  Type 
of
securities
Estimated 
value 
([insert 
currency]) 
as 
at 
close 
of 
business 
on [•] 20[•] 
Market on 
which the 
securities are 
admitted to 
trading [for 
equity 
securities 
admitted to 
trading on a 
regulated or 
equivalent 
third country 
market or SME 
Growth Market 
include date of 
establishment 
of market, how 
price 
information is 
published, 
indication of 
daily trading 
volumes and 
name of the 
market’s 
regulatory 
authority]  
[for 
bonds
admitted 
to 
trading on a 
regulated 
or
equivalent 
third 
country 
market or SME 
Growth Market 
include 
electronic link
where 
the 
documentation 
in relation to
the bonds can 
be found on 
such market].  
 
 
[For bonds : [if 
there 
are 
at
least 
6 
obligors 
and 
less than 15
obligors, 
delete 
the
relevant 
column]] 
Significant business 
activities/Investment 
Policy 
[include 
global 
statistical
data where relevant 
and 
information 
regarding 
the 
economic 
environment] [insert
for bond securities]  
[For 
equity 
securities 
insert: 
Frequency 
with which 
prices 
of
securities 
are 
published] 
Material 
Relationship 
between the 
Fiduciary, 
the 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
Issuer  
[•]  
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[•]  
 
[if 
relationship 
exists that is 
material to 
the issue of 
the Notes 
between the 
Fiduciary , 
the 
Guarantor 
and t he 
Issuer, 
disclose 
details]

--- Page 158 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
158 
[If no 
material 
relationship 
exists insert: 
To the best 
of the 
Fiduciary’s 
and 
Guarantor's  
knowledge, 
as at the 
Issue Date 
no 
relationship 
exists that is 
material to 
the issue of 
the Notes 
between the 
Fiduciary and 
the Issuer.]

--- Page 159 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
159 
 
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY: 
 
(If the Notes having a minimum denomination less than €100,000 only, are Non-exempt Offer Notes and/or are expected to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market,, the Fiduciary should annex the issue specific summary to the applicable final terms having 
completed the relevant Elements by deletion of non relevant information and inserting any information to be completed in accordance 
with the specific conditions of the Notes)]

--- Page 160 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
160 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
 
The following general terms and conditions include the general terms and conditions set out in "Part 1 – General Provisions" applicable 
to all Series of Notes, the general terms and conditions set out in "Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions" applicable to all Series 
of Repack Notes and the general terms and conditions set out in "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions" applicable to all Series of 
Notes (the General Terms and Conditions). The General Terms and Conditions and, if applicable, the additional terms and 
conditions for Structured Notes and Formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions), constitute the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (together, the Terms and Conditions) and will be attached to or incorporated by reference into each Global Note and each 
Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by 
the Fiduciary and the relevant purchaser(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have 
endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
 
General Condition means any general terms and conditions set out in "Part 1 – General Provisions". 
 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes will complete and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified, complete the Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes and will specify if "Type of Notes" is 
Repack Notes or Secured Notes. If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Type of Notes" is "Secured Notes", the obligations of 
the Fiduciary under the Notes are guaranteed by the Guarantor (as defined in Condition 2 of "Part 1 – General Provisions" below). 
The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference into, 
each Note.  
 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms document prepared base on the "Form of Final 
Terms" (Final Terms).  
 
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked 
Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate 
Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes,  Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes and for ETP Linked Notes, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked 
Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes, Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes and 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions from Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Notes to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes apply, then the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes will also apply including the provisions relating to any market disruption (Market Disruption Events) 
or extraordinary events (Extraordinary Events) and details of the consequences of such events.  
 
When Notes to be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are qualified as "certificates" (such expression including the Italian 
Certificates, as defined below), any reference to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Certificates" and 
"Certificateholders". 
  
PART 1 – GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 
The General Terms and Conditions set out in this section "Part 1 – General Provisions" are applicable to every Series of Notes issued 
by the Fiduciary, either Repack Notes or Secured Notes.  
 
The Notes of each Series are issued on a fiduciary basis by Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., a public limited liability (société 
anonyme), incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 11 avenue Emile Reuter, 
L-2420 Luxembourg, Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 6.061, as the 
fiduciary (the Fiduciary, which term shall include any successor fiduciary appointed in accordance with Condition 11) pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement (as defined below)), at the sole risk and for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders (as defined below) in 
accordance with the Luxembourg act dated 27 July 2003 relating to trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended (the Fiduciary Law).  
 
The Notes are either Secured Notes or Repack Notes where:  
(i) Secured Notes means a Note where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Secured Notes" in the applicable Final Terms. Secured Notes 
are Notes which are guaranteed by the Guarantor and in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are collateralised 
by a Collateral Pool, comprising diversified assets and having Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test will apply.  
 
(ii) Repack Notes means a Note where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Repack Notes" in the applicable Final Terms. Repack Notes 
are Notes in respect of which the payment obligations of the Fiduciary are collateralised by one or more specific bond(s) issued by a 
third party and having Collateral Rules where Notes Market Value Test or Fiduciary Securities Value Test will apply, as specified in 
the Final Terms.  
 
The Notes are issued under Luxembourg law.  
 
References herein to the Guarantor shall only apply to Secured Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
161 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement (as defined above) or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable 
Final Terms will prevail.  
 
References herein to any amount due under the Notes" shall depending on the context, mean any payment of principal and/or interest 
due under the Notes.  
 
References herein to, Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or 
an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange Rate and/or a Commodity and/or a Commodity 
Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS Spread and/or an Inflation Index and/or an ETF and/or an ETP and/or 
a Non Equity Security and/or a Preference Share and/or a Warrant and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a Dividend or a basket 
and/or combination thereof (each as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying).  
 
References herein to "the Notes" are to the Notes of one Series (as defined above) only and not to all Notes under the Programme 
and shall if, the context so requires, include Receipts and Coupons.  
 
References herein to the Notes of a Series shall mean: 
  
(a) any global Note representing Notes in bearer or registered form (Bearer Global Note and Registered Global Note, respectively, 
and each a Global Note). A Bearer Global Note shall be, as the case may be, a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
or, in case of Bearer SIS Notes, a Permanent Global SIS Note, each as defined in Condition 1 below;  
 
(b) any Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes). represented by a Bearer Global Note;  
 
(c) any Bearer Global Note issued as a new Global Note (New Global Note(s) or NGNs);  
 
(d) any Registered Global Note issued under the new safekeeping structure (New Safekeeping Structure or NSS);  
 
(e) definitive Bearer Notes (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note;  
 
(f) definitive Bearer SIS Notes (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) issued in exchangefor a Permanent Global SIS Note;  
 
(g) any definitive Notes in registered form (Definitive Registered Notes) whether or not such Definitive Registered Note is issued in 
exchange for a Registered Global Note and, together, with the Definitive Bearer Notes and Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, the Definitive 
Notes; and  
 
(h) any Notes in dematerialised form in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law (Dematerialised Notes).  
 
As used herein,Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.  
 
Subject to the provisions below, any references herein to Noteholders or holder of Notes shall mean the several persons who are 
for the time being the bearers of Bearer Notes and Bearer SIS Notes and the registered holders of Registered Notes, as the case 
may be.  
 
References herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts, and any reference herein to Couponholders shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. References 
herein to holders of the Notes or Noteholders shall if, the context so requires, include Receiptholders and Couponholders.  
 
Save as set out below, the Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of:  
 
(i) an agency agreement governed by Luxembourg law dated 27 April 2016 and last amended and restated on 23 September 2019 
(such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agency Agreement) and made 
between, inter alios, the Fiduciary, Societe Generale as guarantor (the Guarantor), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
as principal paying agent, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and transfer agent and Societe 
Generale as calculation agent (in such respective capacities, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and 
the Calculation Agent) respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor agent appointed from 
time to time) and any other paying agent(s) (such paying agents, together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar, the 
Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time). The Paying 
Agents, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred 
to collectively hereunder as the Agents; and  
 
(ii) a calculation agency agreement governed by English law dated 7 November 2017 and amended and restated on 23 September 
2019 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Calculation Agency 
Agreement) and made between, among others, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor and the Fiduciary.  
 
Any issue of SIS Notes (as defined below) and Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency 
agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as

--- Page 162 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
162 
the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents 
(except the Registrar), the principal Swiss paying agent and the other Swiss paying agents (if any) (the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and the Swiss Paying Agents, respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agent). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  
 
Any issue of Italian Certificates (as defined below) will have the benefit of an Italian Certificates agency agreement (the Italian 
Certificates Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Agent and the agent, which shall 
be appointed in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Italian Certificates (the Italian Agent).  
 
Any issue of Dematerialised Notes will be issued pursuant to a Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement (the Dematerialised Notes 
Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time) between the Fiduciary and the LuxCSD Principal Agent which shall be appointed in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of Dematerialised Notes.  
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement 
(where applicable) the Italian Certificates Agency Agreement (where applicable), the Guarantee (in case of Secured Notes), the 
Collateral Custody Agreement, the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency 
Agreement, the Related Agreement(s) (together, the Transaction Documents) are available for inspection during normal business 
hours from the head office of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of 
the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at www.luxse.com and on the Fiduciary’s website htttp://prospectus.socgen.com 
and copies may be obtained from the head office of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (in case of Secured Notes only) and the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if this Note is an Exempt Offer Note (as defined below), the applicable Final Terms will 
only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more such Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Fiduciary, and, if applicable, the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), Dematerialised Notes Agency 
Agreement (where applicable), the Italian Certificates Agency Agreement (where applicable), the Guarantee (in case of Secured 
Notes) and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in the Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Transaction Documents.  
 
In this section, (a) Non-exempt Offer Note means any Note that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than pursuant to articles 
1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in the EEA for the purposes of article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and (b) Exempt Offer Note means any 
Note that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
In connection with Dematerialised Notes, unless the context otherwise requires and except insofar as the terms defined in the Agency 
Agreement are incorporated by reference herein, any reference herein to the Agency Agreement will be construed, mutatis mutandis, 
as a reference to the Dematerialised Notes Agency Agreement. A reference to a Paying Agent shall include a reference to the LuxCSD 
Principal Agent unless the context otherwise requires.  
 
Any reference herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts, and any reference herein to Couponholders shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.  
Any reference herein to the holder of Notes in the form of Bearer SIS Notes and related expressions shall be construed as provided 
below.  
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each as defined below) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms (including, without limitation, 
Monte Titoli and LuxCSD, in relation to SIS Notes, or other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Swiss Exchange), SIX SIS 
Ltd, the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS) or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Swiss Exchange)), approved by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only), and, in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to a SIS Note shall be references to a Note, which is, or is intended to be, 
deposited or registered with and cleared through SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by 
SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary)) and is either a Bearer Note (a Bearer SIS Note which term 
includes CHF SIS Notes and Other SIS Notes) SIS Notes may be denominated in Swiss Francs or other currencies approved by the 
Intermediary. The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether SIS Notes are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS Notes (each as defined 
below). In the case of SIS Notes, no printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons will occur (except as provided herein with 
respect to Bearer SIS Notes only).  
 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Certificates shall be references to Italian Certificates deposited with the 
centralized clearing system managed by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli) acting as central securities depositary (the Central 
Securities Depositary).  
 
 
1. FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, DENOMINATION AND REDENOMINATION 
 
1.1. Form and Title

--- Page 163 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
163 
 
The Notes may be Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, or Definitive Notes or Dematerialised Notes in the Specified Currency and  the 
Specified Denomination(s) (as defined below) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
1.1.1. Bearer Notes 
 
Bearer Notes are Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) and Bearer SIS Notes. 
 
1.1.1.1 Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes)  will be issued in the form of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms and in either case will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in New 
Global Note form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream; or (ii) if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in 
NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes)  is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of, or in the 
case of New Global Notes, by a Common Safekeeper, on behalf of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (Clearstream), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant Global Bearer Note (and the expressions "Noteholder", and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly).  
 
 
 
1.1.1.2 Bearer SIS Notes 
 
Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without Coupons that will be deposited 
with the Intermediary on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche. Once the Permanent Global SIS Note representing the 
Bearer SIS Notes has been deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs 
benefit from a limited exception to the non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules, if such Bearer 
SIS Notes fulfil the relevant requirements set out below. Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs which fulfil these 
requirements are hereinafter referred to as CHF SIS Notes. Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs that do not fulfil these 
requirements and Bearer SIS Notes denominated in a currency approved by the Intermediary other than Swiss Francs are hereinafter 
referred to as Other SIS Notes. 
 
The following criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement 
of the TEFRA D Rules to apply: 
 
(a) the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs; 
(b) the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland; 
(c) the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and documentation; 
(d) the relevant Dealers agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within Switzerland; 
(e) the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located outside Switzerland; 
(f) the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss governmental, banking or 
securities authorities from time to time; and 
(g) more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are part are offered and sold to non-
Dealers by Dealers maintaining an office located in Switzerland. 
 
No holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange of the Permanent Global SIS Note 
representing such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer SIS Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) or 
uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. If (i) the relevant lead manager (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes that are listed 
on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid)  deems 
the printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons is required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the enforcement of rights (including in cases of bankruptcy, 
consolidation or reorganisation of the Fiduciary) (each such circumstance, in respect of Bearer SIS Notes, a Bearer SIS Notes 
Exchange Event), the relevant lead manager (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid)  will provide for the printing of such definitive 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons at the expense of the Fiduciary and without cost to the relevant Noteholders. The Fiduciary irrevocably 
authorises the relevant lead manager (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid) to provide for such printing on its behalf. If Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes are delivered, the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent or the relevant lead manager, as the case may be, and the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes shall be delivered to the relevant holders 
against cancellation of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such holders' securities accounts.

--- Page 164 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
164 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, each holder thereof shall have a quota co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent 
Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the extent of his claim against the Fiduciary, provided that, for so long as the 
Permanent Global SIS Note remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Bearer 
SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Intermediary. The records of the Intermediary will determine the 
number of SIS Notes held through each participant of the Intermediary. In respect of SIS Notes constituting Intermediated Securities 
(Bucheffekten), the holders of such SIS Notes will be the persons holding such SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that 
is in their name, or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such SIS 
Notes for their own account in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions "Noteholder", "holder of 
Notes"  and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
 
1.1.2 Registered Notes 
The Issuance of a Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by a Global Note (a Registered Global Note). 
 
 
Registered Global Notes will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
 
- deposited with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear 
and Clearstream; or 
 
- issued under the new safekeeping structure (the NSS), registered in the name of a nominee of one of the International Central 
Securities Depositories (ICSDs) acting as Common Safekeeper. 
 
The Fiduciary may be required to obtain certain identification information from Noteholders in order to comply with its legal obligations 
under Luxembourg or any other applicable law. In such case the Fiduciary may, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), send one 
or more information requests to noteholders (a Noteholder Information Request). Each Noteholder receiving a Noteholder 
Information Request is required to (i) provide the Fiduciary within 8 Business Days (or such other period as may be specified in the 
Noteholder Information Request (which for the avoidance of doubt may be a shorter or a longer period) of receipt of a Noteholder 
Information Request with the information requested by the Fiduciary for identification purposes and/or (ii) inform the Fiduciary, as 
soon as possible and in any case no later than 8 Business Days (or such other period as may be specified in the Noteholder 
Information Request) after the relevant change occurred, of any changes relating to the information provided to the Fiduciary pursuant 
to limb (i) above (a Noteholder Identification Requirement). The Fiduciary may specify particular Noteholder Identification 
Requirements in a Noteholder Information Request. 
 
Persons holding beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes. 
For so long as any of the Registered Notes is represented by a Global Note held by a Common Depositary or in the case of Registered 
Global Notes held under the NSS, a Common Safekeeper, on behalf of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes  (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream  as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes  in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the expressions, "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes"  and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
 
1.1.3 Dematerialised Notes  
 
Dematerialised Notes are in  dematerialised book-entry form. No global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes and these General Terms and Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued through an issuance account (compte d’émission) held at LuxCSD or such other settlement 
organisation within the meaning of the Dematerialised Securities Law (a Settlement Organisation) as the Fiduciary may appoint from 
time to time, provided that Dematerialised Notes of the same Series or Tranche will at all times be recorded in an issuance account 
with a single Settlement Organisation in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law. Dematerialised Notes will be cleared 
and settled through a Settlement Organisation such as LuxCSD, in accordance with the Dematerialised Securities Law or where the 
context so requires, via intermediation by Euroclear and/or Clearstream. 
 
1.1.3.1 EUI Notes 
 
The Notes may be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including 
any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations) (the EUI Notes). The EUI Notes are participating 
securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title to the EUI Notes is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate 
securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Notes, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate 
securities in accordance with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (EUI) (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (the Record) 
and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the 
rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in 
the Record as the holder of a particular number of EUI Notes shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such 
number of EUI Notes for all purposes (and the expression EUI Noteholder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly),

--- Page 165 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
165 
and (ii) neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by 
it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI Agent maintains are in 
accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Notes.  
 
No provisions of these General Terms and Conditions amended in accordance with any applicable Final Terms shall (notwithstanding 
anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (i) the holding of title to EUI 
Notes (ii) the transfer of title to EUI Notes by means of a relevant system or (iii) the Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality 
of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in these General Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final 
Terms, so long as the EUI Notes are participating securities, (a) any EUI Notes which are not for the time being in all respects identical 
to, or do not for the time being have rights attached thereto identical in all respects to those attached to, other EUI Notes of the same 
Series of Notes  as the case may be, shall be deemed to constitute a separate Series of EUI Notes, (b) the Operator register of 
corporate securities relating to the EUI Notes shall be maintained at all times in the United Kingdom, (c) the EUI Notes may be issued 
in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Regulations; and (d) for the avoidance of doubt, these General 
Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms in relation to any EUI Notes shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they 
are not endorsed on any certificate for such EUI Notes. 
 
As used herein relation to EUI Notes, each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating securities", "record of 
uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as defined in the Regulations and the relevant "Operator" (as such term 
is used in the Regulations) is EUI (formerly CRESTCo. Limited) or any additional or alternative operator from time to time approved 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the EUI Agent in relation to the EUI Notes and in accordance with the Regulations. Any reference 
herein to the Operator shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative 
Operator from time to time and notified to the EUI Noteholders. 
 
Any indication herein that the Operator "shall" do, or similar expression or phrase indicating that they are obliged to or will carry out 
any role or obligation described in these General Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, is 
given without any assumption by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the EUI Agent or the Calculation Agent, of responsibility or liability for the 
performance of the Operator. 
 
References in these General Terms and Conditions to “EUI Notes” shall include, where the context admits, Depository Interests (as 
defined in the CREST Deed Poll) representing Notes, issued by CREST Depository Limited subject to and in accordance with the 
CREST Deed Poll. 
 
References to the CREST Deed Poll are to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001, as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or 
restated.    
 
1.1.3.2 Uncertificated Nordic Notes  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Notes means the Uncertificated Finnish Notes, the Uncertificated Swedish Notes, the Uncertificated Norwegian 
Notes and the Uncertificated Danish Notes.  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Notes are issued in registered, dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form cleared and settled through 
the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD Rules. All payments 
in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Notes will be made through the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD in accordance with the 
relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD Rules. No physical global temporary, permanent or definitive notes will be issued in respect 
of the Uncertificated Nordic Notes. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions,  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD Rules means in respect of each of the Uncertificated Nordic Notes, the relevant Uncertificated 
Nordic Notes Applicable Law including all relevant local laws regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the 
relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes Central Notes Depositary from time to time (the Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD as defined 
below) designated as the relevant clearing system for the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes.  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Notes Applicable Law, means in respect of:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Notes, the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fi. Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time,  
- the Uncertificated Swedish Notes, the Swedish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended, and/or re-enacted from time to time,  
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Notes, the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act no 6 of 15 March 2019 (No 
Verdipapirsentralloven)  as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and  
- the Uncertificated Danish Notes, the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 41 of 13 January 2023 as amended from 
time to time and the Executive Order on Book Entry, etc. of dematerialised Notes in a Central Notes Depositary (Executive Order No. 
1175 of 31 October 2017  as amended from time to time). 
 
Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD means, in respect of:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland Ltd, 
- the Uncertificated Swedish Notes, Euroclear Sweden AB, 
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Notes, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo), 
- the Uncertificated Danish Notes, VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities).

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
166 
Noteholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Nordic Notes, the person in whose name an Uncertificated Nordic Note is 
registered in the Nordic Register and the reference to a person in whose name an Uncertificated Nordic Note is registered shall also 
include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee  and registered as such for the Uncertificated Nordic Notes.  For such 
purposes, the Nordic Register means the register maintained by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD on behalf of the Issuer 
in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD Rules. 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Noteholder  of any Uncertificated Nordic Notes shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Noteholder and Noteholder  and holder shall be 
construed accordingly. 
 
References to the "Agent" shall be with respect to:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Notes, 
- the Uncertificated Swedish Notes,  
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Notes, and  
- the Uncertificated Danish Notes,   
to Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken  (the SEB Issuing Agent). 
 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD in 
accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Notes CSD Rules. 
 
1.2.Transfer of Notes 
 
1.2.1 Transfer of interests in Global Notes 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream. 
 
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream,  and, in turn, by other participants and, 
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. 
 
1.2.2 Transfer of interests in Registered Global Notes 
 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by  Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be, and, in 
turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global 
Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms  and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Agency Agreement.  
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream in each case to the extent applicable. 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes  under Condition 6, the Fiduciary shall not be required to register the transfer of any 
Registered Note or part of a Registered Note called for partial redemption. 
 
1.2.3 Transfer of Definitive Registered Notes 
 
Subject as provided herein, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered 
Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Notes for registration of the transfer of the 
Definitive Registered  Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys 
duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Fiduciary and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial regulations being 
set out in the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, 
within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and, in the case of Registered Global Notes, 
effectuate, and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like 
aggregate (nominal) amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note)  transferred. In 
the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note or Registered Global Note in 
respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and, in the case of Registered Global 
Notes issued under the NSS, delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
 
1.2.4 Left blank intentionally

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
167 
1.2.5 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.6 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.7 Costs of registration 
 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided above, except for 
any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Fiduciary may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
 
1.2.8 Definitions - Transfer to Permitted Transferees 
 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
Global Notes means a Temporary Global Note and/or a Permanent Global Note and/or a Permanent Global SIS Note  as the context 
may require. 
 
Permanent Bearer Global Note shall mean a Bearer Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches, either on 
issue or upon exchange of a Temporary Bearer Global Note, or part of it, and which shall be substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement.  
 
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
 
Permanent Global Note means a permanent global note substantially issued or to be issued by the Fiduciary pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer either (a) in exchange for the whole 
or part of a Temporary Global Note issued in respect of Notes of the same Tranche or Series or (b) in the case of Notes not subject 
to U.S. Treasury regulations, initially issued in respect of such Notes; 
Permanent Global SIS Note means a permanent global SIS issued or to be issued by the Fiduciary pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement or any other agreement between the Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer; 
Permitted Transferee means any person who: 
 
(i) is not a U.S. Person; and 
 
(ii) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); and 
  
(iii) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person ; and  
 
(iv) if the applicable Final Terms state that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", has its tax residence located in the country 
(the "Specified Country") specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction") and has undertaken to provide its 
identity, holdings and tax residence to the Collateral Custodian upon request from the Fiduciary and/or the Dealer(s).   
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", by subscribing or acquiring Notes and in order 
to, either have the benefit of an applicable double tax treaty between the country of incorporation of the issuer of the Fiduciary 
Securities and the Permitted Tax Jurisdiction or to allow the application of a beneficial tax regime pursuant to the provisions of any 
domestic regulation with respect to the payments derived from the Fiduciary Securities, or for any purpose in relation to the tax 
treatment of the revenues and payments made by the Fiduciary Securities, each Noteholder (i) accepts and agrees that its identity, 
holdings of Notes and tax residence may be disclosed to the Collateral Custodian, and (ii) undertakes to supply such information upon 
request from the Fiduciary and/or the Dealer(s). 
 
Where, 
 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules; 
 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended;  
 
Temporary Global Note shall mean a temporary Global Note representing Bearer Notes of one or more Tranches on issue and 
which shall be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that IRS U.S. Person is also applicable, 
or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Notes, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linked Notes, Dynamic Portfolio 
is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that 
only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
168 
Notes issued by the Fiduciary which may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any 
offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery of Notes made, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no legal effect. Legal and beneficial interests in Notes may 
not be held by persons that are not Permitted Transferees at any time. Accordingly, persons that are not Permitted Transferees will 
not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Notes.   
 
 
1.3 Exchanges 
 
1.3.1  A beneficial interest in a Global Note will, subject to Conditions 1.2.1 or 1.2.2 and compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for a Definitive Note or a beneficial interest in another Global Note (with the same Specified 
Denomination) only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream  as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the relevant Agency Agreement. 
 
1.3.2 Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), on and after the Exchange Date, upon a request as 
described therein either for, as applicable, (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) Definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series 
with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case 
of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the Permanent Global Note), in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note against Certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as described above and as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations unless such Certification has already been given pursuant to the provisions set forth above; provided, however, that if the 
relevant Global Note is issued in respect of a Tranche of Bearer Notes described as Partly Paid Notes in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Global Note may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes and (if applicable) Coupons, Receipts and/or Talons as described 
above only if the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Notes then outstanding has been paid. Exchange of a Temporary Global 
Note for interests in a Permanent Global Note will only be made if Definitive Bearer Notes have not already been issued. If Definitive 
Bearer Notes have already been issued, the Temporary Global Note may only thereafter be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes 
pursuant to the terms thereof. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal 
or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due Certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or, in the case of Bearer Notes, for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
 
Exchange Date means the day immediately following the later of (i) 40 days after the Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Temporary Global Certificate, is issued and (ii) 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified 
by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a syndicated issue).  
 
1.3.3 The Permanent Global Note with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons attached will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes in the event of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in 
(i), (ii) or (iii) below (each, an Exchange Event) or by the Fiduciary in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in 
(iii) below:  
 
(i) if applicable, a Fiduciary Event (as defined in Condition 6.6.1 below) has occurred and is continuing;  
 
(ii) if the Fiduciary has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announce an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or  
 
(iii) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Notes, the Fiduciary would be required to pay additional amounts 
as referred to in Conditions 5 and 7 below and such payment would not be required were the Notes in definitive form; (provided, 
however, that if a relevant Global Note is issued in respect of a Tranche of Bearer Notes described as Partly Paid Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Global Note may be exchanged for Definitive Notes and (if applicable) Coupons, Receipts and/or Talons 
as described above only if the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Notes then outstanding has been paid).  
 
The Fiduciary will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
1.3.4 Exchange of Talons 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming 
part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon. Each Talon shall, for the purposes 
of these General Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in 
the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
 
1.4 Denomination  
 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the applicable Final Terms (the Specified Denomination(s)).  
 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
169 
  
1.5 Redenomination - Conversion of currency  
 
The Fiduciary may ( if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving at least 30 days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 13, and on or after the date on which a Member State of the European Union whose national 
currency is the same as the Specified Currency, has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended from time to time 
(the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but  not 
some only of the Notes into Euro and adjust any term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to give effect to such 
change (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes). The date on which such change becomes effective 
shall be referred to in these General Terms and Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date. 
 
The redenomination of the Notes  pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the principal amount of each Note  
from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council 
of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 
Euro being rounded upwards), provided that, if the Fiduciary determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent that the 
then market practice in respect of the redenomination or conversion in Euro of internationally offered securities is different  from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the  
Fiduciary shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying Agents 
of such deemed amendments. 
 
If the Fiduciary so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro.  
 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13. Any balance remaining from the change of currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the 
Currency Conversion Date. 
 
Upon redenomination of the Notes  any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
 
The Fiduciary may, with prior approval of the Principal Paying Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders in connection with any 
redenomination  or any consolidation pursuant  to Condition 14, but giving not less than 30 day prior notice to the Noteholders pursuant 
to Condition 13, make any changes or additions to these General Terms and Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary 
or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition 1.5 or Condition 14 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which 
it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such changes or additions shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
 
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this Condition 1.5 will, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders. 
 
2. LIMITED RECOURSE AND STATUS OF THE NOTES AND GUARANTEE  
 
2.1 Limited recourse and status of Notes  
 
The Notes do not constitute personal debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., being obligations that relate to the 
personal estate of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A., but are solely fiduciary obligations of the Fiduciary in accordance with the 
Fiduciary Law and may only be satisfied out of the Fiduciary Assets. Such obligations are conditional upon the due and timely 
performance by each Fiduciary Assets Obligor of its obligations, including in respect of payments and deliveries, under the relevant 
Related Agreements and/or the relevant Fiduciary Assets.  
 
The Notes rank pari passu, without any preference, among themselves.  
 
The entitlement of Noteholders to receive payments and/or deliveries under the Notes is entirely dependent upon the receipt by the 
Fiduciary of payments and/or deliveries, as the case may be, in respect of the Fiduciary Assets and/or the Related Agreements.  
 
No other assets of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (either in its personal capacity or as fiduciary in respect of any other 
series of fiduciary investments) will be available for payments of any amounts not received and/or deliveries of assets not 
delivered under the relevant Related Agreements or Fiduciary Assets and any shortfall will be borne exclusively by the 
Noteholders.  
 
2.2 Guarantee with respect to Secured Notes  
 
Societe Generale (the Guarantor) has entered into a guarantee governed by French law dated 17 June 2022 (the Guarantee) in 
favour of the holders of each Series of Secured Notes only.

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
170 
 
The Guarantee provides that if:  
 
(i) other than following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice (as defined in "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions" of the General 
Terms and Conditions), the Fiduciary does not for any reason pay any sum payable by it to a Noteholder in respect of any Note, or 
any Coupon appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing), as and when the same shall become due under the Terms and Conditions, the Guarantor 
will pay to such Noteholder on demand the amount payable by the Fiduciary to such Noteholder in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions; and  
 
(ii) following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice (as defined in "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions" of the General Terms 
and Conditions), the Fiduciary does not pay when due the full amount payable by it to a Noteholder in respect of any Note of any 
Series relating to the Collateral Pool to which such Collateral Liquidation Notice relates, or Coupon appertaining thereto (including 
any premium or any other amount of whatever nature, or additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), 
the Guarantor will pay to such Noteholder, an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) such Note’s pro rata share of the amount 
equal to (i) the Early Redemption Amount calculated in respect of all of the Notes of such Series less (ii) the product of (x) the Collateral 
Assets Liquidation Proceeds as reduced by the payments of amounts to Margined Parties ranking prior to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty and (y) the Collateral Ratio.  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will constitute direct unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article L.613-30 I 3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier 
(the French Code).  
 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:  
 
(i) pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the 
date of the entry into force of the French law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 entered into force on 11 December 2016 (the 
Law);  
 
(ii) pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law;  
 
(iii) junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and  
 
(iv) senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 I 4° of the French Code) and 
all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the Guarantor.  
 
Any references to sums or amounts payable by the Fiduciary which are guaranteed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be 
to such sums and/or amounts as directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such 
conversion, and/or otherwise modified from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority 
pursuant to Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union.  
 
 
3. THE FIDUCIARY CONTRACT  
 
Each Note is issued on a fiduciary basis, each of which evidences the existence of a fiduciary contract, which is a "contrat fiduciaire" 
governed by the Fiduciary Law, on the terms and subject to the conditions described below between the holder of such Note and the 
Fiduciary (the Fiduciary Contract). By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, the Noteholders will accept, acknowledge 
and agree to all the provisions of the Fiduciary Contract.  
 
The Terms and Conditions form part of the Fiduciary Contract and set out the rights of each Noteholder under the Fiduciary Contract 
and certain duties, powers and discretions of the Fiduciary. Subject to General Condition 3.2, the Fiduciary shall and hereby 
undertakes to perform such duties and to exercise such powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders.  
 
The Fiduciary is not obliged to account to the Noteholders in respect of any fees, expenses, commissions, premiums or other costs 
received and/or paid by it in respect of its appointment as Fiduciary or in connection with its operations as Fiduciary, nor for any 
interest earned by it on amounts held by it from time to time on behalf of the Noteholders, whether or not such payments were made 
through Related Agreements.  
 
The Fiduciary makes no representation or warranty and assumes no liability for, or responsibility or obligation in respect of, the legality, 
validity or enforceability of the Fiduciary Assets or the Related Agreements or any of them, the performance and observance by any 
Fiduciary Assets Obligor of their obligations in respect of the Related Agreements or the recoverability of any monies due or to become 
due under the Related Agreements or the Fiduciary Assets. The Fiduciary is under no obligation to seek or maintain any insurance in 
respect of any Fiduciary Assets or any part of the Fiduciary Assets.  
 
The Fiduciary shall be under no obligation to the Noteholders other than that of faithful performance of its undertakings, duties, rights, 
powers and discretions under the Fiduciary Contract as set forth above and, in the event of a Collateral Liquidation Event, shall be 
under no obligation to apply the proceeds of any rights of set-off, banker’s lien or counterclaim arising out of other transactions 
between the Fiduciary and any Fiduciary Assets Obligor in payment of the Notes. The Fiduciary shall have no obligation to monitor 
the performance of any Fiduciary Assets Obligor and is under no obligation to disclose information relating to the Fiduciary Assets 
and/or the Related Agreements.

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
171 
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be precluded from making any contracts or entering into any business transaction in 
the ordinary course of their business with any Fiduciary Assets Obligor or from owning in any capacity any Notes or transacting in 
any assets equivalent to those comprised in the Fiduciary Assets at any time, and neither the Fiduciary nor any of its affiliates will be 
accountable to the Noteholders for any profits resulting therefrom. The Fiduciary may consult on any legal matter with any legal 
advisers selected by it and shall incur no liability for actions taken, or suffered to be taken, with respect to such matter in good faith in 
reliance upon the opinion of such legal advisers, unless the Fiduciary has been grossly negligent (faute grave) or is guilty of wilful 
misconduct (dol).  
 
Consistent with the Fiduciary Law, Noteholders have no direct right of action against any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to enforce their 
rights under the Notes or the Coupons or to compel any Fiduciary Assets Obligor to comply with its obligations under a Related 
Agreement or in relation to a Fiduciary Asset, even in the case of the Fiduciary’s failure to act or the insolvency of the Fiduciary. 
However, if, under the Fiduciary Assets and/or Related Agreements, the Fiduciary is entitled and, furthermore, has, pursuant to the 
Fiduciary Contract in respect of each Note, become obliged to take legal action against a Fiduciary Assets Obligor and has failed to 
take such action within a reasonable time, then (if and to the extent such failure is continuing), each Noteholder is individually entitled 
to institute indirect legal action (action oblique) in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Luxembourg civil code against the 
Fiduciary Assets Obligor in lieu of the Fiduciary and on its behalf.  
 
The rights of the Fiduciary in respect of the Related Agreements and other Fiduciary Assets are Fiduciary Assets of the Fiduciary and 
are held for the exclusive benefit (save as provided in these General Terms and Conditions) and at the sole risk of the Noteholders. 
Pursuant to the Fiduciary Law, the Fiduciary Assets are segregated from all other assets of the Fiduciary (including all other fiduciary 
assets the Fiduciary may hold pursuant to fiduciary contracts with third parties) and are not available to meet the claims of creditors 
of the Fiduciary other than creditors (including the Noteholders) whose rights derive from the Fiduciary Contract or exist as a result of 
the creation and existence of the Fiduciary Assets. In a liquidation of the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary Assets are not part of the estate of 
the Fiduciary. They may be attached only by persons whose rights exist as a result of the creation and existence of the Fiduciary 
Assets. 
  
The Notes do not constitute direct debt obligations of Societe Generale Luxembourg or any other entity belonging to the Group, i.e. 
obligations that affect the personal estate of Societe Generale Luxembourg. The ability of the Fiduciary to meet its obligations to pay 
principal, interest and any other sums due and perform any other obligation in respect of the Notes will be dependent and condition 
upon the due and timely performance by the Fiduciary Asset Obligors of their obligations in respect of the relevant Fiduciary Assets 
and receipt by the Fiduciary of any monies payable thereunder.  
 
3.1 SG Luxembourg Declaration  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "SG Luxembourg Declaration" is applicable, by subscribing for Notes on the Issue Date or 
by purchasing Notes in the secondary market each Noteholder unconditionally and irrevocably declares to the Fiduciary and the 
Guarantor in case of Secured Notes that all amounts of interest, coupon, dividends or other distributions of income in respect of the 
Collateral Assets shall be paid directly by the relevant obligor to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. (on its own behalf and not as 
Fiduciary) (SG Luxembourg) and shall not be credited to the Fiduciary Account or constitute Fiduciary Assets in respect of the Notes 
(the SG Luxembourg Declaration). 
  
Under a separate declaration, SG Luxembourg has unconditionally and irrevocably declared, in respect of each Series of Notes, that 
on the date of receipt of any such amount of interest, coupon, dividend or other distribution of income, it will pay an amount equal 
thereto, in the same currency, to Societe Generale. 
  
Under the Swap Agreement, the Fiduciary’s obligation to pay any such amount of interest, coupon, dividend or other distribution of 
income to the Related Agreement Counterparty shall be automatically discharged if and to the extent that payment of an equivalent 
distribution has been made by SG Luxembourg to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the SG Luxembourg 
Declaration.  
 
3.2 Exercise of rights in respect of Fiduciary Assets and Related Agreements  
 
The Fiduciary undertakes to exercise its rights under the Related Agreements and/or the Fiduciary Assets and its corresponding 
duties, powers and discretions in the best interests of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
  
Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Collateral 
Custody Agreement, to the extent that the Collateral Assets include any CTA Collateral Assets transferred to the Fiduciary by the 
Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Fiduciary will not, for as long as a Related 
Agreement Counterparty Event has not occurred, exercise any voting rights in its capacity as holder of such CTA Collateral Assets 
unless directed to do so by the Related Agreement Counterparty and, if any such direction is given, only in accordance with such 
direction. In such circumstances, the Collateral Custodian has agreed to exercise such rights (at the cost of the Related Agreement 
Counterparty) in such manner as the Related Agreement Counterparty may direct.  
 
4. INTEREST RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
This Condition 4 shall apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the  clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions", "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions", "Structured Interest Note Provisions" and/or " Zero Coupon Notes Provision" is stated as being "Applicable". 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4, any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount, the Floating Coupon Amount or the Structured Interest Amount (each as defined below) when the context requires.

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
172 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Type of Notes" is "Repack Notes", the provisions of General Condition 4.1 to 4.7 are subject 
to the provisions of General Condition 6.7 below. 
 
4.1 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
This Condition 4.1 applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable".  
 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of fixed coupon amount (the Fixed Coupon Amount) 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
Notes. 
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify, if applicable, the Interest Commencement Date the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Business Day Convention, the Fixed Coupon Amount(s), any applicable Broken Amount(s), Calculation Amount, 
Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction as interest payable 
on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination as it shall 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Notes which are Non-exempt Offer to the public and where the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined by reference 
to a percentage to be published by the Fiduciary on http://prospectus.socgen.com, the applicable Final Terms will specify an indicative 
value, a minimum value and will indicate the date of publication thereof. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.1: 
 
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears one or more fixed rate(s) of interest applicable to the relevant Interest Period which may 
be either an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note. 
 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and the Interest Payment Date are 
subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.1.2. 
 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and the Interest Payment Date 
remain, for the purposes of this Condition 4 (and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 4.3), unchanged and are calculated 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.1.1. 
 
4.1.1 Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including  the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal 
to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Notes are Definitive Bearer Notes, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified (the Broken Amount). 
 
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate(s) of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms to:  
 
- in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are  Notes represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
 
- in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount, 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (if any), and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit (as defined in Condition 4.7 below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards. Fixed Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction as interest 
payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination as 
it shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer 
Note or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
 
4.1.2 Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
 
4.1.2.1 Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including  the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Business Day Convention" is:

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
173 
 
"Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or 
other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day,  
 
and the expression "Interest Payment Date" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
4.1.2.2 The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount) payable on the 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to: 
  
(i) in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are  Notes represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
 
(ii) in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note 
or a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount payable in respect 
of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
 
4.2 Floating Rate Note and Reference Rate Note Provisions 
 
This Condition 4.2 applies if (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Floating Rate Note Provisions " is "Applicable", 
and/or (ii) Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes apply. 
 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of floating coupon amount (the Floating Coupon 
Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 4.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date (if any), the Floating Coupon Amount(s), the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Business Day Convention, the method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, 
any Margin(s)/Spread(s), any Leverage Factor, any minimum rate of interest (the Minimum Rate of Interest) or any maximum rate 
of interest (the Maximum Rate of Interest) (whereby these latter elements may also be specified in the formula for the calculation of 
the Floating Coupon Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms), and any Day Count Fraction, and any rate multiplier (the Rate 
Multiplier). 
 
In the case of Notes which are Non-exempt Offer to the public and the Floating Coupon Amount is to be determined by reference to 
one or more component(s) being a percentage to be published by the Fiduciary on http://prospectus.socgen.com, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify an indicative value, a minimum value, and will indicate the date of publication thereof. 
 
4.2.1 Specified Period(s) and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in 
respect of each Interest Period on either: 
 
(1) the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(2 if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Interest 
Payment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms an Interest Payment Date) numerically corresponding to the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date and which falls the number of months or other period(s) (the Specified Period(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date (and if no Interest Commencement Date is specified, after the Issue Date). 
 
4.2.2 Floating Coupon Amount 
 
The Floating Coupon Amount payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.2.3 Rate of Interest 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes as the case may be, will be determined 
pursuant to the provisions below as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
174 
4.2.3.1 ISDA Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount" is “ISDA 
Determination”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the margin(s) (the Margin(s)), (if any), which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be also referred to as the spread(s) (the 
Spread(s)) in the applicable Final Terms) multiplied by any leverage factor (the Leverage Factor). 
 
For the purposes of  this paragraph, ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means, subject to the provisions of 4.2.3.5 below, a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and under which: 
 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
(2) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
(the "Hypothetical Swap Transaction") 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date 
and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche Notes 
(the 2021 ISDA Definitions). 
 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the "Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount", 
unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
Except if the provisions of 4.2.3.3 or 4.2.3.4 apply, in the Final Terms, when the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next 
shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time, for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
4.2.3.2 Standard Screen Rate Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount” is “Standard 
Screen Rate Determination” or otherwise provide that “Standard Screen Rate Determination” applies, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, and in Condition 4.2.3.5 below, be either: 
 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the specified time (Specified Time) or the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the 
relevant Reference Rate on the interest determination date in question (the Interest Determination Date) as specified in the Final 
Terms plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin or Spread (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), and multiplied 
by any Leverage Factor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum 
which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the relevant inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor or,

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
175 
if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Fiduciary and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank 
or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor.  
 
Where: 
 
Reference Rate(s) means, for the purpose of this Condition 4.2.3.2, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the deposit rate, the 
interbank rate, the swap rate or bond yield, as the case may be, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it, for each Reference Rate, in the 2021 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. For instance, in case of an EURIBOR rate, the Reference 
Banks will be the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market. 
 
Euro-zone has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the clause "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time, for which rates are available, of next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, of next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
 
4.2.3.3 Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount” is “Compounded 
RFR Screen Rate Determination” or "Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination" or otherwise provide that “Compounded RFR Screen 
Rate Determination” or "Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination" applies and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Notes or Reference Rate Linked Notes as the case may be, is based on an overnight risk-free 
rate (such as and without limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA, CORRA)(each an Underlying 
Benchmark), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below in 4.2.3.5, be such Reference Rate which 
is either (i) a Published Compounded RFR or (ii) a Published Averaged RFR, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards). 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Compounded RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the 
Administrator to authorised distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the Relevant Screen Page (each 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a date (the Interest Determination Date) (specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if none is specified, it shall be deemed to be on the 5th Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date, corresponding to, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain period of time (the Tenor) calculated in accordance with any one 
of the RFR Compounding Methods described in 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Averaged RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the 
Administrator to authorised distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the Relevant Screen Page (each 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a date (the Interest Determination Date) (specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if none is specified, it shall be deemed to be on the 5th Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date), corresponding to the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Benchmark as observed over a certain  period of time (the Tenor) calculated in accordance with 
any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below (each as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).   
 
4.2.3.4 Determination of the Rate of Interest based on RFR Compounding Methods and RFR Averaging Methods 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount” is any of 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout” or “OIS Compounding” (each a 
RFR Compounding  Method and together the RFR  Compounding Methods), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period, will 
subject as provided in 4.2.3.5 below, be equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment over a certain tenor calculated on the basis of an overnight risk-free rate such as without limitation SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or CORRA (each an Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
in accordance with any one of the RFR Compounding Methods described in Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 to 4.2.3.4.4 below, as determined 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date (each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor,(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); or 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the “Method of determination of the Rate of Interest and Interest Amount” is any of “Averaging 
with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout” or “Overnight Averaging” (each an RFR Averaging 
Method and together the RFR Averaging Methods) the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period, will subject as provided below, be 
equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the arithmetic average over a certain tenor of an overnight risk-free rate (such as

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
176 
without limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in Conditions 4.2.3.4.1 
to 4.2.3.4.4 below as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date (each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards).  
 
4.2.3.4.1 Lookback 
 
4.2.3.4.1.1 If “Compounding with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, 
the Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
4.2.3.4.1.2 If “Averaging with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD)]  × 1/d 
 
4.2.3.4.1.3 Definitions for Lookback  
 
For the purposes of Conditions 4.2.3.4.1.1 and 4.2.3.4.1.2 :  
 
"Applicable Business Day" or ABD : 
 
- In respect of any Underlying Benchmark other than the SOFR rate: Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
center of the relevant currency of the relevant Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate; 
- In respect of the SOFR rate: an Applicable Business Day means an U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
d0 is, for any Interest Period : 
-   if "Compounding with Lookback" applies: the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period except if the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period plus one; or 
-   if "Averaging with Lookback" applies, the number of calendar days in that Interest Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily 
applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
i is : 
 
- if "Compounding with Lookback" applies: 
 
a. if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
b. If the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 
1 to d0, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to d0, represents the relevant 
Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
 
- if “Averaging with Lookback” applies: 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Interest Period in chronological order 
from, and including, the first calendar day in the Interest Period. 
 
“Lookback r” means, the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the Final Terms; if none is specified “Lookback r “shall 
be deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
ni means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, for any day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” to 
but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Period; 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD means: 
 
a) subject to paragraph b) below, for any Applicable Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Applicable Business Day falling “Lookback_r” Applicable Business Days 
preceding “i” provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on the Relevant Screen Page on the Specified 
Time.

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
177 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of  an Underlying Benchmark in respect of 
an Applicable Business Day "i" (the Reset Date) may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual number 
being "p") Applicable Business Days  before (" - p")  or following (" + p") the Reset  Date (e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if 
the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD shall be the Underlying 
Benchmark Level published on day i - Lookback r ABD “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s); 
 
b) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level i – Lookback 
– r ABD for any Applicable Business Day i – Lookback  r ABD shall be either: 
 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), 
 
as applicable; 
 
4.2.3.4.2 Observation Shift  
 
4.2.3.4.2.1 If “Compounding with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding 
Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
4.2.3.4.2.2. If “Averaging with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, 
the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)]   
 
4.2.3.4.2.3 Definitions for Observation Shift 
 
For the purposes of Conditions 4.2.3.4.2.1 and 4.2.3.4.2.2 
 
"Applicable Business Day" : 
 
- In respect of any Underlying Benchmark other than the SOFR rate: Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate;  
- In respect of the SOFR rate: an Applicable Business Day means an U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 
"d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"d0" is: 
 
-   if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, the number of Applicable Business Days in the Observation Period; or 
 
-   if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days in the Observation Period. 
 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that 
customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
"i" is: 
- if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies: 
a.   a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies: 
b.   a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Observation Period in chronological 
order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Observation Period. 
 
"ni" is, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, 
the earlier of (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the Observation Period End Date for the relevant Observation Period or 
the Observation Period End Date of the Set in Advance Observation Period as the case may be; 
  
"Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day" means a Business Day in the financial centers specified, as the case may 
be, for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms otherwise if none is specified in the Final Terms, there shall be no Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day; 
 
"Observation Period" means, for any Interest Period, (A) the period from, and including, the date "s"  Observation Period Shift 
Business Days preceding the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and 
include the date falling "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
178 
date "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant Interest Period (the “Observation Period End 
Date") unless (B) Set-In-Advance Observation is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the 
Observation Period shall be the Set-In-Advance Observation Period;  
 
"Observation Period Shift Business Day" means a day which is both an Applicable Business Day and, as the case may be, an 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day; 
 
"Set-In-Advance Observation Period" means in respect of an Interest Period, the period that would have been the Observation 
Period of the immediately preceding Interest Period, if it had been determined on the basis of the definition of Observation Period 
above provided that in respect of the first Interest Period, the Set-In Advance Observation Period shall be as specified in the Final 
Terms (the First Set-In-Advance Observation Period); 
 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i" means: 
 
(a)   if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below, for any Applicable Business Day “i, the level 
of the Underlying Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, provided by its administrator 
to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or  
  
(b)   if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below:  
 
     (I) for any Applicable Business Day “i, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, 
provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
     (II) for any day that is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the preceding Applicable 
Business Day in each case as provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
(c)   if  a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level "i" shall be 
either: 
 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), as applicable; 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of  an Underlying Benchmark in respect of 
an Applicable Business Day "i" (the Reset Date) may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual number 
being "p") Applicable Business Days  before (" - p")  or following (" + p") the Reset  Date (e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the 
Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall 
be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on   “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) before or following such Applicable 
Business Day "i"; 
 
“s” is the number specified as the “Observation Shift” in the applicable Final Terms; if none is specified “s“ shall be deemed to be 
equal to 5; 
 
4.2.3.4.3 Lockout 
 
4.2.3.4.3.1 If “Compounding with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding 
Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
4.2.3.4.3.2 If “Averaging with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i x ni)]  x 1/d 
 
4.2.3.4.3.3 Definitions 
 
For the purposes of Conditions 4.2.3.4.3.1 and 4.2.3.4.3.2 
 
"Applicable Business Day" :  
- In respect of any Underlying Benchmark other than the SOFR rate: Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate; 
- In respect of the SOFR rate: an Applicable Business Day means an U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
 
“d0” is, for any Interest Period:

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
179 
-   if “Compounding with Lockout” applies:  the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period except if the first 
calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period plus one; or 
 
-   if “Averaging with Lockout” applies: the number of calendar days in that Interest Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies 
for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
“i" is: 
 
-   if “Compounding with Lockout” applies: 
  
(a) if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; or 
 
(b) if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 
1 to d0, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to do represents the relevant 
Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
 
-   if “Averaging with Lockout” applies, 
a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Calculation Period in chronological order 
from, and including, the first calendar day in the Calculation Period. 
 
"Lockout Date" is the date “t” Lockout Period Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant Interest Period or, in respect of 
the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date (or the date falling "t" Lockout Period Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable; 
 
"Lockout Period" is the period from, and including, the Lockout Date to, but excluding, the last day of the Interest Period or, in 
respect of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date (excluded); 
 
"Lockout Period Business Day" means: 
 
a.  a Business Day in the financial centers specified for such purpose in the Final Terms; or 
 
b.  if no financial centers are specified for such purpose in the Final Terms,  an Applicable Business Day; 
 
“ni” is, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier 
of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant Interest Period 
 
“t” means:  
 
(i) the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) if a number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, “t” shall be deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level i means : 
 
(a) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of any day "i" other than a day "i" in the Lockout Period: 
 
   (i) if such day “i” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day 
“i” provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or 
 
   (ii) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding 
Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the 
Specified Time, or  
 
(b) subject to paragraph (c), in respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" in the Lockout Period, the level of the Underlying Benchmark 
determined in respect of the Lockout Date as if the Lockout Date were an Interest Determination Date; or 
 
(c) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level "i" for any 
Applicable Business Day "i" shall be either:  
 
   (i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and the Daily Floored Rate so 
specified; and 
 
   (ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and the Daily Capped Rate so 
specified,

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
180 
as applicable. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of  an Underlying Benchmark in respect of 
an Applicable Business Day "i" (the Reset Date) may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual number 
being "p") Applicable Business Days  before (" - p")  or following (" + p") the Reset  Date (e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the 
Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall 
be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on   “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) before or following such Applicable 
Business Day "i". 
 
4.2.3.4.4 OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging  
 
4.2.3.4.4.1 if OIS Compounding is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, then the 
Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
4.2.3.4.4.2 If “Overnight Averaging” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, then the 
Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)]   
 
4.2.3.4.4.3 Definitions  
 
For the purposes of  Conditions 4.2.3.4.4.1 and 4.2.3.4.4.2 :  
 
“Applicable Business Day” : 
- In respect of any Underlying Benchmark other than the SOFR rate: Applicable Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Rate, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the relevant Reference Rate. 
- In respect of the SOFR rate: an Applicable Business Day means a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
 
“d0” is, for any Interest Period: 
 
 (a)  if “OIS Compounding” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Interest Period except if the first calendar 
day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period plus one; or 
 
 (b)   if “Overnight Averaging” applies : the number of calendar days in that Interest Period; 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “OIS Compounding” applies, in respect of a Reference Rate, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction 
that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360. 
 
“i" is: 
 
-  if  « OIS Compounding » applies : 
 
(i) if the first calendar day in the relevant Interest Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each 
representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; and  
 
(ii) if the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 
1 to d0, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant Interest Period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant 
Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
 
-  if “Overnight Averaging” applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Interest 
Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Interest Period; 
 
“ni” is, if “OIS Compounding” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier of (and 
excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the Interest Period or, in respect of the last Interest Period, 
the Maturity Date. 
 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i " means: 
 
for any day “i",

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
181 
(I) if such day “i” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day 
“i” provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or 
 
(II) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding 
Applicable Business Day, provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the 
Specified Time.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of  an Underlying Benchmark in respect of 
an Applicable Business Day "i" (the Reset Date) may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and published on 
Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Reset Date or one or more (the actual number 
being "p") Applicable Business Days  before (" - p")  or following (" + p") the Reset  Date (e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" =  0 if the 
Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall 
be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on   “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) before or following such Applicable 
Business Day "i". 
 
4.2.3.5 Events affecting Underlying Benchmarks and Reference Rates 
 
4.2.3.5.1 No Index Event has occurred  
 
(i) If ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.1, and the Floating Rate Option for the ISDA Rate in respect of the day 
for which it is required is not published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by 
the Administrator by either (a) the later of (I) the Reset Date (including any day that is deemed to be a Reset Date) and (II) the Fixing 
Day (both as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) or (b) such other date on which the Reference Rate is required under the 
Hypothetical Swap Transaction, then the Calculation Agent will determine the ISDA Rate used to calculate the Rate of Interest by 
applying the fallback provisions of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix 
(the ISDA Matrix) for a Temporary Non-Publication (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions). 
 
(ii) If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.2 above, for the purpose of determining the Rate of 
Interest, and if, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, (x) the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of 4.2.3.2, and (y) an Index Event has not occurred, then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of the latest (1) offered quotation; or (2) arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final Terms or the 
Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate, available immediately before the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied 
by any Leverage Factor. 
 
(iii) If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 
4.2.3.3. above, for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest and:  
 
(aa) if the Underlying Benchmark is any of €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA and TONA (each as defined below, the “Major Underlying 
Benchmarks” and each a “Major Underlying Benchmark), and such Major Underlying Benchmark, in respect of the day for which 
it is required to be determined is not published on the Relevant Screen Page by its Administrator or an authorised distributor and is 
not otherwise provided by the Administrator by either (a) the later of (i) the Reset Date and (ii) the Fixing Day or (b) such other date 
on which the Major Underlying Benchmark is required, the level of Underlying Benchmark Level in respect of a day “i” used to 
determine the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as the last provided or published level of that Major 
Underlying Benchmark as at the Fixing Day or, if no Fixing Day applies to the Major Underlying Benchmark, as at the day on which 
that Major Underlying Benchmark  was originally required; or 
 
(bb) if the Underlying Benchmark is other than a Major Underlying Benchmark and is not published on the Relevant Screen Page by 
its Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator by either (a) the later of (i) the Reset 
Date and (ii) the Fixing Day or (b) such other date on which the Underlying Benchmark  is required, then the Underlying Benchmark 
Level i in respect of a day ”i” used to determine the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (i) pursuant to the 
Temporary Non Publication Fallback of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as updated and amended as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes when the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms is also an Underlying 
Benchmark under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as if it were the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the Underlying Benchmark to 
determine the amounts due under such interest rate swap transaction or (ii) otherwise, as the latest available Underlying 
Benchmark Level provided by its Administrator and published on the Relevant Screen Pages. 
 
4.2.3.5.2 If an Index Event has occurred  
 
If an event affecting a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark occurs preventing the determination of the Rate of Interest of an 
Interest Period (the Affected Interest Period), the following provisions shall apply. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.1 f ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.1, then (i) if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms 
is a Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Matrix, the Calculation Agent  of the Notes will determine the ISDA Rate used to determine the 
Rate of Interest as if it were the Calculation Agent of the Hypothetical Swap Transaction by applying the fallback provisions of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as updated and amended as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, for an 
Index Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event as appropriate (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), or (ii) if the Floating

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
182 
Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is not a Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Matrix,  the provisions of Condition 4.2.3.5.2.3   
below shall apply.  
 
4.2.3.5.2.2 If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.2 above or if  Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 4.2.3.3. above, and the Underlying 
Benchmark is a Major Underlying Benchmark and:  
 
4.2.3.5.2.2.1 The Major Underlying Benchmark is €STR 
 
(i)  If an Index Event with respect to €STR occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in all this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 as defined in 4.2.3.4 
above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR, will be the EUR Recommended Rate. 
 
(ii)  Temporary Non-Publication with respect to EUR Recommended Rate. If there is a EUR Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first TARGET Settlement Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the EUR Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the EUR Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published EUR Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published EUR Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the EUR Recommended Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or published €STR. 
 
(iii)  No EUR Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to EUR 
Recommended Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(a) there is no EUR Recommended Rate before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to €STR; or 
 
(b) there is a EUR Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the EUR Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be Modified EDFR. 
 
(iv) References to EDFR. In respect of any day for which EDFR is required, references to EDFR will be deemed to be references to 
the last provided or published EDFR as at close of business in Frankfurt on that day. 
 
Where: 
 
“€STR” means the euro short-term rate (€STR) administered by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator). 
 
“EDFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, in respect of that day. 
 
"EDFR Spread" means  
 
(i) if no EUR Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to €STR, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurred; or 
 
(ii) if a EUR Recommended Rate Index Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the EUR Recommended 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the EUR Recommended 
Rate Index  Event occurred. 
 
“EUR Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by: (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
or (ii) a committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
(b) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which 
rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if 
that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day. 
 
"Modified EDFR" means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), a rate equal to EDFR in respect of that day, plus the 
EDFR Spread. 
 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.2.2 The Major  Underlying Benchmark is SARON 
 
(i)  If an Index Event with respect to SARON occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in all this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2. as defined in 4.2.3.4 
above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON will be the NWG Recommended Rate.

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
183 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to NWG Recommended Rate. If there is an NWG Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first  Zurich Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the NWG Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is required, references to the NWG Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published NWG Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published NWG Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is required, references to the NWG Recommended Rate 
will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SARON. 
 
(iii) No NWG Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to NWG 
Recommended Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(a) there is no NWG Recommended Rate before the end of the first Zurich Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SARON; or 
 
(b) there is an NWG Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the Modified SNB Policy Rate. 
 
References to the SNB Policy Rate. In respect of any day for which the SNB Policy Rate is required, references to the SNB Policy 
Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SNB Policy Rate as at close of business in Zurich on that day. 
 
Where: 
 
"Modified SNB  Policy Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day "i"), a rate equal to the SNB Policy Rate in 
respect of that day, plus the SNB Spread.  
 
“NWG Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same 
or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for the purpose of, 
among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland, and as provided by the Administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day. 
 
“SARON” means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight administered by SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator). 
 
“SNB Policy Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank, in respect 
of that day. 
 
“SNB Spread” means: 
 
(i) if no NWG Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first Zurich Business Day following the CHF Fallback 
Effective Date, the historical median between SARON and the SNB Policy Rate over an observation period of two years starting two 
years prior to the day on which the CHF Fallback Trigger Date occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day immediately preceding 
the day on which the CHF Fallback Trigger Date occurs; or 
 
(ii) if an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate occurs, the historical 
median between the NWG Recommended Rate (or, in the absence of the NWG Recommended Rate, SARON) and the SNB Policy 
Rate over an observation period of two years starting two years prior to the day on which the Index Cessation Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG 
Recommended Rate occurs, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
 
where: 
 
“CHF Fallback Effective Date” means the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON; and 
 
“CHF Fallback Trigger Date” means the day on which the Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to 
SARON occurs 
 
"Zürich Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open  for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zürich. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.2.3 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SOFR 
 
(i) If an Index Event with respect to SOFR occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in all this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.3 as defined in 4.2.3.4 
above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR will be the Fed Recommended Rate. 
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to Fed Recommended Rate. If there is a Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR but neither the

--- Page 184 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
184 
Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the Fed Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in 
respect of any day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, references to the Fed Recommended Rate will be deemed to 
be references to the last provided or published Fed Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published Fed 
Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, references to the Fed 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SOFR. 
 
(iii) No Fed Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to Fed 
Recommended Rate. 
 
 If: 
 
(a) there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR; or 
 
(b) there is a Fed Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the Fed Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be OBFR and references to a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for the purposes of any Fixing Day and any Applicable Business Day shall be read as references 
to a New York Fed Business Day. 
 
(iv)  Temporary Non-Publication with respect to OBFR. If neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish 
OBFR, then, subject to paragraph (v) below, in respect of any day for which OBFR is required, references to OBFR will be deemed 
to be references to the last provided or published OBFR. 
 
(v) Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to OBFR. 
 
If: 
(a) there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR, or there is a Fed Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
subsequently occurs with respect to it; and 
 
(b) an Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR also occurs, then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR (or, if the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to the Fed Recommended Rate (as applicable) is later, a Fixing Day occurring on or 
after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the Fed Recommended Rate, as applicable) will be the FOMC 
Target Rate and references to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day for the purposes of any Fixing Day and any Applicable 
Business Day shall be read as references to a New York City Business Day. 
 
(vi)  References to the FOMC Target Rate. In respect of any day for which the FOMC Target Rate is required, references to the FOMC 
Target Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published FOMC Target Rate as at close of business in New York 
City on that day. 
 
Where: 
 
“Fed Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for SOFR (which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
another administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, 
published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day. 
 
“FOMC Target Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the short term interest rate target set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-
term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound 
of the target range and the lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the method set forth in Section 
4.8.2 (Rounding of Amounts)), in respect of that day. 
 
"New York City Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open  for general 
business (including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York. 
 
"New York Fed Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Service or 
the Fedwire Funds Service of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. References in the Confirmation to “New York Fed” in 
respect of any day shall be construed as a reference to a New York Fed Business Day. 
 
“OBFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the Overnight Bank Funding Rate administered by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator), in respect of that day. 
 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator).

--- Page 185 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
185 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for the purpose of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.2.4 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SONIA 
 
(i)  If an Index Event with respect to SONIA occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in all this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.4 as defined in 4.2.3.4 
above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA will be the GBP Recommended Rate. 
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to GBP Recommended Rate. If there is a GBP Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first London Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the GBP Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the GBP Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published GBP Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published GBP Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the GBP Recommended Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SONIA. 
 
(iii) No GBP Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to GBP 
Recommended Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(a) there is no GBP Recommended Rate before the end of the first London Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SONIA; or 
 
(b) there is a GBP Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the GBP Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the UK Bank Rate. 
 
4. References to the UK Bank Rate. In respect of any day for which the UK Bank Rate is required, references to the UK Bank Rate 
will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published UK Bank Rate as at close of business in London on that day. 
 
Where: 
 
“GBP Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the administrator of SONIA is a national 
central bank, or (ii) if the national central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation or the administrator of 
SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee designated for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority (or 
any successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as provided by the then Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day. 
 
"London Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open  for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator). 
 
“UK Bank Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the official bank rate as determined by the Monetary 
Policy Committee of the Bank of England and published by the Bank of England from time to time, in effect on that day. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.2.5 The Major Underlying Benchmark is TONA 
 
(i) If an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to TONA occurs, the rate for a Fixing Day (in all this 
Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.5 as defined in 4.2.3.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA 
will be the JPY Recommended Rate. 
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to JPY Recommended Rate. If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first Tokyo Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA but neither the Administrator nor 
authorised distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any day 
for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to 
the last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, 
then in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA. 
 
(iii) No JPY Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to JPY 
Recommended Rate. 
 
If: 
 
(a) there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to TONA; or

--- Page 186 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
186 
 
(b) there is a JPY Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it, 
 
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be determined in accordance with the provisions of 4.2.3.5.2.3 below. 
 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) 
and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised 
distributor, in respect of that day. 
 
"Tokyo  Business Day" means  a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open  for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo. 
 
Any rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.5 shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
4.2.3.5.2.3 
 
(A) This provision applies if an Index Event occurs in respect of a Reference Rate or  Underlying Benchmark and:  
 
- ISDA Determination applies pursuant to 4.2.3.1 but the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is not a Floating Rate 
Option of the ISDA Matrix; or 
- Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 4.2.3.2 above but the Underlying Benchmark is not  a Major Underlying 
Benchmark; or 
- Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 4.2.3.3. 
above but the Underlying Benchmark is not a Major Underlying Benchmark;  
-  this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.3 applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.5 above, or 
- this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.3  applies pursuant to Condition 4.2.4, 
 
then the Fiduciary shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B) below) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C) below) and any Conforming Changes (in accordance with Condition 
4.2.3.6 below). 
 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert and in consultation with the Fiduciary. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Fiduciary, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition. 
 
(B) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
 
(i) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in (C) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark (as the case may be) to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4.2.3.5.2.3); or 
 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
(C)  below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark (as the case may be) to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4.2.3.5.2.3). 
 
(C) Adjustment Spread 
 
If an Index Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of  a Reference Rate or an Underlying 
Benchmark, and the Calculation Agent in respect of any rate determined pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1. to Conditon 
4.2.3.5.2.2.5 or the Rate Determination Agent in respect of  a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate determines  (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to any rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 to Condition 
4.2.3.5.2.2.5, the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to  any rate determined pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.5, the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
Provided however that : 
 
(y) if an Index Event has occurred but the Applicable Fallback Effective Date has not occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
then the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark for the Affected Interest Period shall be determined pursuant to the provisions 
that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark as if no Index Event had occurred;

--- Page 187 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
187 
and 
 
(z) if the Index Event has occurred but the Applicable Fallback Effective Date has not occurred as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, and if the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms affected by the Index Event 
and used to determine the Rate of Interest of an Interest Period is a Term Rate determined before or at the beginning of such Interest 
Period and pursuant to the application of the provisions above, it will be replaced by a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be 
determined at the end or just after the end of an Interest Period as the result of the compounding or averaging of an overnight rate, 
as observed on dates during a period starting on or before the beginning of the Interest Period, as the case may be plus an Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate shall be used as from the Affected Interest Period and determined at the end or 
just after such Affected Interest Period. 
 
“Term Rate” means a benchmark that reflects the rate of return in the relevant market for one or more specified periods of time, 
with the relevant period of time to be specified in the Final Terms as the Designated Maturity or as part of the Floating Rate Option. 
 
If (i) the Fiduciary is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) neither the Calculation Agent is able to determine a rate 
pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.5  nor the Rate Determination Agent appointed by it is able to  determine 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate  prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date then the Fiduciary may decide either that 
(x) that no Replacement Rate  will be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period will be equal 
to the latest available Reference Rate (based on the sequence of  levels of Underlying Benchmark available to determine such latest 
available Reference Rate, as the case may be) or (y) to apply the provisions of Condition 6.2.2.. 
 
4.2.3.6 Conforming Changes 
 
Following the occurrence of an Index Event, the Calculation Agent may make any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including without limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction or modification of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period 
of a rate and the related payment dates, the application of a mathematical formula to the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the change of Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark by the Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with the prevailing market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary) and/or in order to adapt solutions provided by the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix 
that are designed for the OTC transactions to the context of the Notes (the "Conforming Changes"). 
 
These conforming changes shall be binding upon the Noteholders. 
 
(A) Notices 
 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and Conforming Changes (if any) determined under this Condition 4.2.3. will be 
notified promptly by the Fiduciary, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders.  
 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Conforming Changes, if any. 
 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Conforming 
Changes (if any) be final and binding on the Fiduciary, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
 
(B) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Fiduciary under Conditions 4.2.3.5.2.3 and 4.2.3.6, the Original Reference Rate with its 
Original Underlying Benchmark  will continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
 
4.2.3.7 Definitions: 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Rate that the Calculation Agent determines is required in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) the Fiduciary to the 
Noteholders or (b) the Noteholders to the Fiduciary, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark with the Replacement  Rate . 
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Rate   by comparison to the Original Reference 
Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula 
or methodology. 
 
“Administrator” means, in respect of  a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, the administrator for that Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark or, if there is no administrator, the provider of that Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark; or in either case, 
any successor administrator or, as applicable, any successor administrator or provider.

--- Page 188 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
188 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or an 
Underlying Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that either the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Notes. 
 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date 
from which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark may no longer be used under any applicable law or regulation by the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent. 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative screen reference rate or underlying benchmark which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with this Condition in the same Specified Currency as the Notes to replace the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark) which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the 
form of a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by 
ISDA) or that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark 
 
"Applicable Fallback Effective Date" means the Index Cessation Effective Date or the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date. 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Fiduciary at its own expense. 
 
“Index Cessation Effective Date” means: 
 
1. the first date on which the  Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no 
longer published or provided; or 
2. the first date on which the Applicable Benchmark would ordinarily have been published or provided and is either: 
 
(a) non-representative by reference to the most recent statement or publication contemplated in paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
Index Cessation Event and even if such Underlying Benchmark continues to be published or provided on such date; or 
 
(b) no longer published or provided. 
 
“Index Cessation Event” means, for a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will 
continue to provide the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark; 
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark; or 
 
(iii) in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has 
determined that such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is intended to 
measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication 
will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever 
described) in contracts. 
 
If, for a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (ii) an Index Cessation Event and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute an Index Cessation 
Event and will not constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
 
“Index Event” means: 
 
(i) an Index Cessation Event; 
 
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or

--- Page 189 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
189 
 
(iii) a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark  is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such 
Underlying Benchmark or Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a protocol by 
ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is, on a specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), 
replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the Financial Stability 
Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014. 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the original Reference Rate or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
"Original Underlying Benchmark" means in respect of an Original Reference Rate the Underlying Benchmark of such Original 
Reference Rate. 
 
“Rate Determination Agent” means an agent appointed by the Fiduciary which may be (i) an Independent Adviser, (ii) a leading 
bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in 
the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Fiduciary, 
 
(iii) the Fiduciary, (iv) an affiliate of the Fiduciary or (v) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role; 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark: 
 
(i) the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is 
denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or Underlying 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark; or 
 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider 
that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a 
successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different 
from the sponsor). 
 
"Replacement Rate" means any rate determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4.2.3.5.2.2.1 to Condition 
4.2.3.5.2.2.5 or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate determined by the Rate Determination Agent. 
 
“Successor Rate” means an alternative screen rate or underlying benchmark  which the Rate Determination Agent determines in 
accordance with this Condition as a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark 
which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
4.2.4 Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier and/or Leverage Factor 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 4.2.3.1 : 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate(s) of Interest 
in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2.3 is less than such Minimum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate(s) of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate(s) of Interest 
in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.2.3 is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate(s) of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the rate multiplier (the Rate Multiplier) is "n/N" or " 
nb/Nb" for any Interest Period, then the Rate(s) of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant 
Rate Multiplier, subject always to the Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2.4: 
 
Administrator means for a Floating Rate Option, the administrator of such Floating Rate Option as specified in the ISDA Matrix. 
 
Benchmark Rate means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, as applicable, Business Day (in respect 
of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is stated as being "Reference Rate EURIBOR": 
 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021

--- Page 190 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
190 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "EUR-EURIBOR" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for a period 
of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on any Benchmark 
Day, such rate is not published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is stated as being "Reference Rate EUR-CMS": 
 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "EUR-EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date); 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Benchmark Rate" is stated as being "Reference Rate SOFR-CMS ": 
 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate Option is "USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date); 
 
If on any Benchmark Day, any of these rates is not published by the Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise 
provided by the Administrator or if an Index Event has occurred in respect of such rate, it will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the provisions of the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation 
Fallback or Administrator/Benchmark Fallback as the case may be, applying to such Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and the ISDA Matrix for a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the applicable Final Terms (without reference 
to any Reset Date) provided that if the applicable fallback provision is Generic Fallback Provisions then the rate shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions of 4.2.3.5.2.3  above. 
 
For the purposes hereof, (i) the value of the Benchmark Rate on any calendar day of the relevant Interest Period which is not a 
Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark Rate on the first preceding Benchmark Day and (ii) the 
value of the Benchmark Rate on each of the last four TARGET Business Days of any Interest Period shall be deemed to be the value 
ascribed to the Benchmark Rate on the fifth TARGET Business Day (or the Benchmark Day immediately preceding such fifth TARGET 
Business Day if such fifth TARGET Business Day is not a Benchmark Day) preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such 
Interest Period. 
 
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark Rate is: 
 
- EUR-EURIBOR or EUR-EURIBOR ICE Swap Rate-11:00, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the TARGET System 
is operating; and 
 
- USD-SOFR-ICE Swap Rate, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York. 
 
Leverage Factor means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark Rate was equal to or greater 
than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark Rate was equal to or 
greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.2.5 Determination of Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
 
The Calculation Agent will as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate(s) of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate(s) of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to each 
Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Floating Rate Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction as interest 
payable on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Rate(s) of Interest to the Specified Denomination, as 
detailed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.2.6  Provisions specific to SHIBOR rate

--- Page 191 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
191 
 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by China Foreign Exchange Trade 
System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing 
time on each business day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate for the 
corresponding period. 
 
If the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch on the following basis:  
 
(i) if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant SHIBOR is published on 
http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that rate; and for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, the 
relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period, and 
 
(ii) if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in 
respect of the business day immediately preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof. 
 
4.3 Structured Interest Note Provisions 
 
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms, specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is stated as being 
"Applicable". 
 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the Interest Amount and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Structured Notes. In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Structured Interest Amount(s), the 
Business Day Convention and, if applicable, the relevant Day Count Fraction. 
 
4.3.1 Structured Interest Amount(s) 
 
The Structured Interest Amount payable in respect of the Structured Notes shall be determined as follows: 
 
Structured Interest Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the Product Formula described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them, respectively, in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
4.3.2 Calculation of Interest Amount in respect of Structured Notes 
 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Interest Amount is to be calculated, calculate the 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Interest Amount 
for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first Business Day 
after such calculation). 
 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Structured Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated in accordance with the Product Formula as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
 
Structured Notes may provide for a method of calculating interest which does not require any Day Count Fraction as interest payable 
on each specified Interest Payment Date is determined by applying the Structured Interest Amount to the Specified Denomination, as 
detailed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.4 Zero Coupon Notes 
 
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Zero Coupon Notes Provisions" is "Applicable". 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the Reference Price) and the Day 
Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late payment (pursuant to the provisions of Conditions 6.5.1 and  6.1.3.7). 
 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable and is not paid when due, the amount due and repayable (the Amortised 
Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of : 
 
(A) the Reference Price; and 
 
(B) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and notified in accordance with Condition 13, mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 192 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
192 
4.5 Partly Paid Notes 
 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the 
paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
 
4.6 Accrual of Interest 
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear interest (if applicable) 
from the due date for its redemption unless payment of principal (or, in the case of any Physical Delivery Note, transfer of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount) is improperly withheld or refused (provided that, in the case of any 
Physical Delivery Amount, transfer shall not be deemed to have been improperly withheld or refused where such transfer is delayed 
by reason of circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Fiduciary or any of its Agents). In such event, interest will continue to 
be calculated and to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
 
(1) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
 
(2) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been received by the Principal 
Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
4.7 Certain provisions relating to the calculation of interest 
 
4.7.1 Business Day Convention 
 
If (x) there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or if (y) any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date(s) (or other date(s)) 
shall be the day determined by using a Business Day Convention in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 4.7.1.1, 4.7.1.2, 
4.7.1.3 or 4.7.1.4 below. 
 
Business Day Convention means a business day convention which may be either Floating Rate Convention, Following Business 
Day Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
Business Centre(s) means the business centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
 
1) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
2) either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Business Centre(s) 
and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be 
Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Business Day).  
 
TARGET Business Day means a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
 
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (known as TARGET 
or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system. 
 
4.7.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Business Day Convention" is stated as being "Floating Rate 
Convention", in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2.1(2), then such Interest Payment 
Date (a) in the case of Condition 4.7.1(x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of Condition 4.7.1.2 below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of 4.7.1(y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
 
4.7.1.2 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Business Day Convention" is stated as being "Following Business Day 
Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
 
4.7.1.3 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Business Day Convention" is stated as being "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
4.7.1.4 if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Business Day Convention" is stated as being "Preceding Business Day 
Convention", such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 193 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
193 
 
4.7.1.5 Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 4.7.1.1, 4.7.1.2, 4.7.1.3 or 4.7.1.4 above, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any 
date shall not be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention. 
 
4.7.2 Day Count Fraction 
 
Day Count Fraction means, if specified as being “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of the calculation of an Interest 
Amount for any Interest Period, each  of  the following day count fractions (provided that the Day Count Fraction applicable to Floating 
Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360): 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "Actual/Actual (ICMA)": 
 
(a) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date 
(or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by 
the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date, the Determination Dates and each a Determination 
Date) that would occur in one calendar year; or  
 
(b) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
sum of: 
 
(i) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
 
(ii) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being  
"30/360  convention" and the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes: 
 
the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 
30-day months) divided by 360; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or 
"Actual/Actual": 
 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "Actual/365 (Fixed)", the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "Actual/365 (Sterling)", the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "Actual/360", the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "30/360 convention, 360/360 
convention" or "Bond Basis" and the Notes are variable rate Notes, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and

--- Page 194 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
194 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being "30E/360 convention" or "Eurobond 
Basis", the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
- if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Day Count Fraction" is stated as being 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
4.7.3 Other definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date 
(including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
 
Interest Commencement Date means the date from which a Note accrues interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). If no 
Interest Commencement Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Date shall be deemed to be the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
Interest Period means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date or such other period as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Rate(i-1) means, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
 
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the relevant clearing systems debit 
and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them. 
 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
 
4.8  Rounding generally

--- Page 195 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
195 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, interest) and unless 
otherwise provided in these General Terms and Conditions, such amounts will, if necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as 
defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
 
4.9   Notification of Interest Amount 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause, as the case may be, the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount or the Rate(s) of Interest and/or the 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and any stock exchange on which the relevant Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes or Structured Notes are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation 
or determination thereof (provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later than 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such determination or calculation, as soon 
as practicable on or after such date). 
 
4.10  Certificates to be final 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4, by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error or proven error) be binding on the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent (if applicable) the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the 
Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
 
5. PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES  
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
References to "payment" or "repayment" (as the case may be) and other similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) with respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System. 
 
5.1 Method of payment  
 
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, or Registered Notes , subject also as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
(1) payments in a Specified Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be 
Montreal); 
 
(2) payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee; 
 
(3) payments in Renminbi shall be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time; 
 
(4) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes and subject to Condition 5.17: 
 
(i)  transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected by the Delivery (a) to, or to the 
order of, the Noteholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) to, or to the order of, the Noteholder at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice (the Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed to the 
Agency Agreement) and subject to compliance with applicable securities laws; and 
 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement" is "Applicable", payment will be made 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.17.2 or where a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 5.17.4.  
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, where the applicable underlying asset is a 
guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable underlying asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances 
(including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of 
the obligor with respect to the underlying asset); provided that where the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to

--- Page 196 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
196 
create (or procure the creation of)  a participation in favour of the Noteholder and, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, Deliver 
means to Deliver both the guarantee and the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered will be 
construed accordingly.  
 
In the case of a loan (being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar 
credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in 
the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that time. 
 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged lack 
of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor with respect to the underlying asset to enter into the underlying asset or, where the 
underlying asset is a guarantee, any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor in respect of the guarantee 
and/or the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, (b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, 
illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any underlying asset or, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee 
and/or the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority 
or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the  Fiduciary is capable of creating, or 
procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the relevant Noteholder that provides the Noteholder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan which are received by such participation seller, 
any such agreement to be entered into between the Noteholder and the Fiduciary (to the extent the Fiduciary is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
 
5.2 General provisions applicable to payments  
 
The holder of a Global Note (other than a Permanent Global SIS Note)  shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the payment obligations of the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear, or Clearstream  (or Monte Titoli, in case of Certificates)as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream , as the case may 
be,(or Monte Titoli, in case of Certificates) for his share of each payment so made by the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to 
a physical delivery). No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall have any claim against the Fiduciary or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollars payments in respect of Bearer Notes (if any) will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)) if: 
 
(1) the Fiduciary and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of any relevant payment on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
 
(2) payment of the full relevant amount at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment, or receipt of any relevant amount in U.S. dollars; and 
 
(3) such payment is then permitted under United States laws without involving, in the opinion of the Fiduciary and, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the Fiduciary or the Guarantor. 
 
No payments may be made to accounts located in the United States or, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, no certificates, 
instruments or underlying assets may be mailed or sent to addresses in the United States. 
 
5.3 Presentation of Definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will be made (subject as provided below) in the manner provided in 
Condition 5.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will  be made (subject as provided below) as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States  (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). Subject to any applicable laws and regulations, such 
payments made by credit or transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a bank 
located outside the United States. Subject as provided below, no payment in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon 
will be made upon presentation of such Definitive Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon at any office or agency of the Fiduciary, the 
Guarantor or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor will any such payment be made by credit or transfer to an account, or by mail 
to an address, in the United States. 
 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes, other than the final instalment, will be made (subject 
as provided below) in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment

--- Page 197 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
197 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the 
Definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Fiduciary or, if applicable, the Guarantor. Upon 
the date on which any Definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered Notes (other than Dual Currency Notes, Structured Notes 
or Physical Delivery Notes) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured 
Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note, Structured Note or Physical Delivery Note which is a Definitive 
Bearer Note or a Definitive Registered Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. Where any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note, Structured Note or Physical Delivery Note which is settled by 
way of cash is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation 
to such Note will be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Fiduciary and, if applicable, the Guarantor may decide. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of 
such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall 
be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
 
5.4 Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes   
 
Payments in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Notes will be made (subject as provided below), for Definitive Bearer 
Notes in the manner specified above, or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Notes against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Notes at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
A record will be made of each payment made, distinguishing, if relevant, between any payment, either on such Bearer Global Notes 
by the relevant Paying Agent or in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream (as applicable) which such clearing systems shall also 
record each related payment to holders of interests in the relevant Bearer Global Notes. 
 
5.5 Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Note  (whether or 
not in global form), will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer 
to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which the relevant clearing system in which the Notes are held is open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as 
such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi) a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, 
shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal), and in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency which is (i) euro, any bank which processes payments in euro, or (ii) Renminbi, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
Hong Kong. 
 
Payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Bank 
of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which the relevant clearing system in which the Notes are held is open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not 
such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date). Payments of interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal of 
such Registered Note. 
 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in respect 
of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or 
being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments due 
under Registered Notes.

--- Page 198 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
198 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
5.6 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.7 Payments on SIS Notes and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange   
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition, in the case of SIS Notes and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the 
relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Notes, 
including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which, in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital market customs and payment 
instructions.  
 
The Fiduciary shall make all payments due under SIS Notes or other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange to the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent in accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the General Terms and Conditions. Payments in respect 
of any SIS Notes or other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange denominated in Swiss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss 
Francs, and in the case of SIS Notes or other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange denominated in a currency other than Swiss Francs 
in such other currency, which shall also be freely disposable, without collection of costs and whatever the circumstances may be, 
irrespective of the nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of any SIS Notes or other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and 
without requiring any certification, affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of 
the due and punctual payment of such funds in Switzerland shall discharge the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Permanent Global 
SIS Note or the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, Receipts and Coupons, if printed,  or  other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange as the 
case may be, with respect to the payment of, as the case may be, principal, interest, costs and additional amounts on the Notes and 
the paying agency fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
 
5.8 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.9 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.10  Payment of Additional amount(s) in respect of Italian Certificates 
 
In respect of Italian Certificates, when the applicable Final Terms specify that "Additional Amount Provisions for Italian Certificates" is 
applicable, this Condition applies.  
 
The applicable Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of additional amount (the Additional Amount) and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition for full information on the manner on which such amount is calculated on Italian 
Certificates.  
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Additional Amount(s), the Additional Amount Payment Date(s) and the 
Business Day Convention. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Italian Certificate bears Additional Amount(s), and such Additional Amount(s) will 
be payable on the Additional Amount Payment Date(s); provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which an Additional Amount Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Additional Amount Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
 
(A) Following Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
 
(B) Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Additional Amount Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
 
(C) Preceding Business Day Convention, such Additional Amount Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day,  
 
and the expression Additional Amount Payment Date shall be construed accordingly. 
 
In this Condition, Business Day has the same meaning given to it in Condition 4. Conditions 4.8 and 4.10 are deemed applicable to 
this Condition. 
 
5.11  Payments subject to tax and other laws 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by 
operation of law or agreement of the Fiduciary or its Paying Agents) and the Fiduciary will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal

--- Page 199 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
199 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the US IRS Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and 
(iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the US IRS Code.  
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments but, for the avoidance of doubt, without 
prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions specific to the occurrence of an Increased Cost of Hedging, as 
provided for in each relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
5.12  Payment Business Day 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business Day, the Noteholder thereof shall instead be 
entitled to payment: 
 
(1) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Following Payment Business Day": on the next 
following Payment Business Day in the relevant place; or 
 
(2) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Modified Following Payment Business Day": 
on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place; 
 
provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Following Payment Business Day" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment is made to the 
date for payment in accordance with this Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Note shall not be affected by any such 
adjustment. 
 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions : 
 
Payment Business Day means any day which is: 
 
(1) subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits); 
 
(2) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation  
 
(3) each financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(4) either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollar, 
shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall 
be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open;  
 
 
5.13  Interpretation of "Principal" and "Interest"  
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(1) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes; 
 
(2) the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes; 
 
(3) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
 
(4) the Early Redemption Amount(s) of the Notes; 
 
(5) the Instalment Amount(s), in relation to Instalment Notes; 
 
(6) the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 4.4) in relation to Zero Coupon Notes;  
 
(7) any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; and 
 
(8) any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Fiduciary under or in respect of the Notes. 
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition  7. 
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "interest accrued" or "accrued interest" shall be deemed to include any 
arrears of interest suspended as provided in Condition 4.6.

--- Page 200 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
200 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" and "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", in the case 
of Physical Delivery Notes, shall mean such amount less any expenses, fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not 
limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical 
Delivery Amount(s). 
 
5.14 Payment Disruption Event  
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Payment Disruption Date”) for payment of an Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes and/or 
under the Guarantee a Payment Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
occurrence to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to (i) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted 
Amount (the "Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; 
and  
(B) (i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted 
Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject to the paragraph below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount 
into the Payment Disruption Currency (using the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant Payment Disruption Date) and 
will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Payment Disruption Currency on the 
Payment Disruption Cut-off Date.  
 
If sub-paragraph (B)(ii) above applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures:  
 
(A) the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment 
Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on such day; or  
(B) if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to 
this Condition 5.14, and no additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these “Payment Disruption Event” provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making 
any other determination  under these Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions.  
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.14 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.14 :  
 
"Payment Disruption Currency" means [Euro or USD] as selected in a commercially reasonable manner by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent;  
 
"Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified Currency on the Payment Disruption Date, including, without limitation, any decision by a 
Clearing System to stop accepting the Specified Currency as a settlement currency for its operations and transactions, including, 
without limitation, the payment of income and/or redemption amounts in respect of the Notes;  
 
"Payment Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the Payment Disruption Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
 
"Payment Disruption Expenses" means, unless it is being specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
(i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, 
payment or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event or the related payment of 
the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
5.15 Sanctions 
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Sanctions Disrupted Date”) for payment of an Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes and/or 
under the Guarantee  a Sanctions Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice of 
such occurrence to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.

--- Page 201 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
201 
 
Following the occurrence of a Sanctions Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Sanctions Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date (the “Released Payment Date”).  (B) 
Payments of Disrupted Amounts, in particular but not limited to the situation where the Released Payment Date occurs later than the 
scheduled Maturity Date, may be made outside the Clearing Systems if the relevant Clearing System(s) has/have decided that these 
payments are no longer eligible for its operations and transactions.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to 
this Condition 5.15, and no additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these Sanctions Disruption Event provisions shall prevent the Issuer from determining 
the occurrence of any other event under these Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.15 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
“Sanctions Disruption Event” means the payment as envisaged pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Guarantee 
and the Agency Agreement, the SEB Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement or the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement or any 
other paying agency agreement or any other paying agency agreement, of an Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any) under the 
Notes, by the Issuer or the Guarantor would constitute a breach or violation of Sanctions, including following the change of 
interpretation of existing Sanctions. 
 
Sanctions means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or enforced by 
any of the following (or by any agency of any of the following):  
(a) the United Nations;  
(b) the United States of America;  
(c) the United Kingdom; or  
(d) the European Union or any present or future member state thereof. 
 
5.16 Cyber-attacks  
 
If on or prior to a due date for payment of an Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes and/or the Guarantee (such date a “Cyber-
attack Disruption Date”) a Cyber-attack occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent (a “Cyber-attack Disruption Event”) , the 
Issuer shall give notice of such occurrence to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Cyber-attack Disruption Event:  
- the date for payment of such Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or such other amount (if any) payable under the Notes and/or the Guarantee (the “Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount”) will be postponed to the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Cyber-
attack Disruption Event is no longer subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date, 
provided that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall make their best endeavours to implement remedies as soon as reasonably 
practicable to eliminate the impact of the Cyber-attack Disruption Event on its/their payment obligations of the Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount under the Notes and/or the Guarantee (as applicable). 
 
“Cyber-attack” means any malicious action or attempt initiated to steal, expose, alter, disable or destroy information through 
unauthorised access to, or maintenance or use of, the Computer Systems of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, their 
respective affiliates (the "SG Group"), their IT service providers, by (and without limitation) the use of malware, ransomware, phishing, 
denial or disruption of service or cryptojacking or any unauthorized entry, removal , reproduction, transmission, deletion, disclosure  
or modification preventing the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to perform their obligations under the Notes, and 
notwithstanding  the implementation of processes, required, as the case may be, by the laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their affiliates, or their IT service providers to improve their resilience to these actions and 
attempts.  
 
“Computer System” means all the computer resources including, in particular: hardware, software packages, software, databases 
and peripherals, equipment, networks, electronic installations for storing computer data, including Data. 
 
The Computer System shall be understood to be that which: 
- belongs to the SG Group and/or; 
- is rented, operated or legally held by the SG Group under a contract with the holder of the rights to the said system and/or;  
- is operated on behalf of the SG Group by a third party within the scope of a contractual relationship and/or; 
- is made available to the SG Group under a contract within the framework of a shared system (in particular cloud computing). 
 
“Data” means any digital information, stored or used by the Computer System, including confidential data.

--- Page 202 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
202 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the postponement of any interest payment pursuant to 
this Condition 5.16, and no additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making any other determination under 
these Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.16 shall constitute an Event of Default.  
 
 
5.17  Provisions specific to Renminbi Currency Event 
 
If "Renminbi Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency Event, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, the Fiduciary may determine one or more of 
the following, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly: 
 
(a) the relevant payment of the Fiduciary be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on which the Renminbi Currency Event 
ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as determined by the Fiduciary acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter;  
 
(b) that the Fiduciary's obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under the terms of the Notes be replaced by an obligation to pay 
such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time 
selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and/or 
 
(c) the Fiduciary, in its sole and absolute discretion may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at 
its Early Redemption Amount. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, the Fiduciary shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Renminbi Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between Renminbi and the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the Renminbi exchange market inside the 
PRC). 
 
Renminbi Currency Event means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability and Renminbi Inconvertibility. 
 
Renminbi Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the Fiduciary 
and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under 
the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Renminbi Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Fiduciary 
and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from Renminbi as may be required to be paid by the Fiduciary under the Notes 
on any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent at the general Renminbi exchange market 
in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Fiduciary and/or the 
relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes  and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable 
endeavours, impractical, for the Fiduciary and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Fiduciary or the relevant 
affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
 
Renminbi Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Fiduciary 
and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account 
outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Fiduciary and/or 
the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impractical, for the Fiduciary 
and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Fiduciary and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation).  
 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, 
administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars, Hong Kong Dollars or such other currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5.18  Provisions specific to Dual Currency Notes

--- Page 203 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
203 
Amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect of Dual Currency Notes, shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts in the relevant Specified Currency into the Settlement Currency at the 
relevant fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate. 
 
The method of determining the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and may be one 
of the following methods: 
 
(1) if "Predetermined" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item "Method of calculating the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate", the Calculation Agent shall use the Predetermined Fixing as the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate to convert the relevant 
amount(s); 
 
(2) if "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item "Method of calculating the fixing of Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate", the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be the relevant exchange rate fixing specified on the 
Relevant Screen Page at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation Date; 
 
(3) if "Calculation Agent Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms under item "Method of calculating the fixing of Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate", the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to such sources it deems appropriate, at the Dual Currency Valuation Time on the Dual Currency Valuation Date. 
 
Notwithstanding any of the above, upon a Dual Currency Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Dual Currency Valuation 
Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall:  
 
(a) determine that the Dual Currency Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Dual Currency Disrupted Day unless each of the eight Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the scheduled 
Dual Currency Valuation Date is also a Dual Currency Disrupted Day. In that case that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Dual Currency Valuation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate as of the Dual 
Currency Valuation Time on that eighth Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the fixing so calculated 
shall be deemed the fixing of Dual Currency Exchange Rate; and/or 
 
(b) postpone any payment date related to such Dual Currency Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the Maturity Date) until the 
second Business Day following the date on which a Dual Currency Disruption Event is no longer subsisting, or the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines its good faith estimate of the fixing of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate pursuant to the provisions of 
paragraph (a) above, as the case may be. No interest or other amount shall be paid by the Fiduciary in respect of such postponement. 
 
provided however that, all references to the word "second" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms 
may specify that the Settlement Currency may vary depending on the occurrence of different scenarios described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
 
Dual Currency Disrupted Day means any Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Dual Currency Disruption Event has occurred; 
 
Dual Currency Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, 
(c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b) or (c). For the 
purpose hereof: 
 
(a)   Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is calculated; 
 
(b)   Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency 
whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary 
by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on any Dual Currency Valuation 
Date; and 
 
(c)   Dual Exchange Rate means that the Dual Currency Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign exchange rates. 
 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate means an exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of 
Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged;  
 
Dual Currency Scheduled Trading Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Dual 
Currency Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centres of the Dual Currency Exchange Rate.

--- Page 204 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
204 
 
5.19  Physical Delivery Notes 
 
In case the type of Notes specified in the Final Terms is Secured Notes and if  the applicable Final Terms specify that "Physical 
Delivery Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies. 
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery Amount, the provisions governing 
whether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum will apply, the Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement and 
the method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) which may be either: 
 
(i) the Underlying(s) of the Notes specified under the paragraph "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, which may be any 
Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes or  
 
(ii) if different from the Underlying(s) of the Notes, a share, an American or global depositary receipt and/or an exchange traded fund 
and/or a fund and/or an exchange traded product  and/or a preference share and/or a warrant and/or a future, and/or any other asset 
specified under the paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case the provisions of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to such deliverable asset (as if such asset was an underlying of the Note) shall apply in respect to any definition 
or event related to such deliverable asset shall apply, or in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the "Specified Deliverable Obligation(s)" 
subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.  
 
However, 
 
(a) no share in Societe Generale or the Group will be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale or the Group should be delivered, 
such share will be replaced by, in due proportion, an equivalent amount in cash; and 
 
(b) no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to retail investors. 
Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined and calculated in the manner described in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean such amount less any expenses, 
fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
5.19.1 Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount 
 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Note is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of any Physical Delivery Amount  
(including, without limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through Clearstream or Euroclear 
or other relevant Clearing System. 
 
The Deliverable Asset(s) will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholders in such manner as may be specified in the transfer 
notice pursuant to which such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the Transfer Notice), the form of which is annexed to the Agency 
Agreement and, notwithstanding Condition 2, no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Noteholder where any Deliverable 
Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of the Fiduciary. The Transfer Notice will be delivered 
using the transfer procedures currently utilised by the relevant Clearing System. 
 
A Noteholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount  will be evidenced: 
 
(i) by the Noteholder's account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System, 
 
(ii) in the case of Credit Linked Notes by the account balances appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing System or, if 
necessary, the number of Notes held by each Noteholder as notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the relevant Clearing System, 
and  
 
(iii) in the case of Definitive Registered Notes, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on the Register maintained by the 
Registrar. 
 
When Notes are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Noteholder holds such Notes through a custodian, the 
Fiduciary may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, evidence and/or indemnity arrangements as it deems appropriate) 
take account of such custodial arrangements when determining where to deliver Deliverable Asset(s) which form the Physical Delivery 
Amount. 
 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
5.19.2 Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement 
 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fiduciary’s option to vary method of settlement" is "Applicable", the Fiduciary may, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, elect to pay or cause to be paid to the Noteholder the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date

--- Page 205 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
205 
in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to 
the Noteholder in accordance with Condition 13.  
 
5.19.3  No obligations in relation to underlying asset 
 
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Notes does not confer on any Noteholder any rights (whether in respect of voting, 
distributions or otherwise) attached to any Underlying. 
 
The Fiduciary shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Noteholder or any other person as the registered 
holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register.  
 
For such period of time after the Maturity Date as the Fiduciary or any person on behalf of the Fiduciary shall continue to be the legal 
owner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts in circumstances 
where the Notes are subject to early redemption, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), neither the Fiduciary nor any 
other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Noteholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), (b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure 
exercise of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to such asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (c) be under any 
liability to the relevant Noteholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person in respect of any loss or 
damage which the relevant Noteholder or subsequent beneficial owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of the Fiduciary or any other such person being the legal owner of such asset(s) during such Intervening Period.  
 
5.19.4  Settlement Disruption Event  
 
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the Maturity Date, then such delivery shall 
occur on the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount can take place through the relevant Clearing 
System (the Actual Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a period of 20 Clearing System 
Days immediately following the original date that would have been the Actual Settlement Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter 
case, the Fiduciary shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Note, the fair market value of the 
number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) converted into the Specified Currency at the current exchange 
rate, if applicable.  
 
The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day 
following the Delivery Period:  
 
(a) if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Valuation Date  to and, as the case may be, (i) 
excluding the Delivery Date or (ii) including, in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the date on which the Fair Market Value is 
calculated, then, the net dividend amount relating to the number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per Note (excluding any 
related tax credit) converted into the Specified Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable, will be paid in cash to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable; and 
 
(b) all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) shall be borne by the 
Noteholders.  
 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the Fiduciary shall, in lieu of 
delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Note, the Cash Redemption Amount  per Undeliverable Obligations 
(as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) to be delivered converted into the Specified Currency at 
the current exchange rate, if applicable.  
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions.  
 
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the Maturity Date  or (b) in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the Actual 
Settlement Date.  
 
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Fiduciary as a result of which the relevant Clearing System 
cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount.  
 
 
6. REDEMPTION 
 
6.1 Redemption under normal conditions - No Special Event 
 
6.1.1 Final Redemption Amount 
 
This Condition applies for Notes other than Italian Certificates. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in the Conditions below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Fiduciary on the Maturity Date, at a final redemption amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Final Redemption Amount).

--- Page 206 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
206 
 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following options : 
 
    Option 1 : 
 
- Final Redemption Amount = At par, 
 
    Option 2 : 
 
- Final Redemption Amount = a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or the Calculation Amount, 
 
   Option 3 : 
 
-  Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (if such 
percentage is different from 100% of the Specified Denomination), 
 
    Option 4 : 
 
- Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the Product Formula described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in paragraph "Reference of the Product" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Physical Delivery Notes, such Notes will be redeemed by the transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or determined in the manner specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, in the 
relevant Specified Currency or, if applicable, converted into the relevant Specified Currency, on the Maturity Date. 
 
Provided that : 
 
in the case of a Non-exempt Offer Note (i) if a share in Societe Generale or its affiliates is specified as a Deliverable Asset in the 
applicable Final Terms, the part of the Physical Delivery Amount composed by shares in Societe Generale or its affiliates will be 
replaced, in due proportion, by an equivalent amount in cash calculated with the manner indicated in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae and (ii) no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to retail 
investors. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them respectively in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes (including a Note that is an Italian Certificate), the Final 
Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount, as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
6.1.2  Final Exercise Amount   
 
This Condition applies for Italian Certificates only. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified in the Conditions below, each Italian Certificate will be 
redeemed by the Fiduciary, on the Final Exercise Date (as defined below), at a final exercise amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the Final Exercise Amount). 
 
The Final Exercise Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs: 
 
- Final Exercise Amount = At par, 
 
- Final Exercise Amount = a fixed amount per Specified Denomination, 
 
- Final Exercise Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (if such 
percentage is different from 100% of the Specified Denomination), 
 
- Final Exercise Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a Product Formula described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the paragraph "Reference of the Product" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Provided that, for the purpose of Italian Certificates, any reference to "Final Redemption Amount" and "Maturity Date" in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae shall be deemed to be a reference to "Final Exercise Amount" and "Final Exercise Date", 
respectively. 
 
The Final Exercise Amount shall be paid on the Final Payment Date, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, otherwise it shall 
be paid on the Final Exercise Date.

--- Page 207 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
207 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Final Exercise Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the automatic exercise (the Automatic 
Exercise) of the Italian Certificates occurs. 
 
Final Payment Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Initial Closing Price means the amount equal to the Closing Price on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and without regard to any subsequently published adjustment(s). 
 
Italian Certificates means the certificates (i) to be sold in Italy, which expression shall include the Italian Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on SeDex, a multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or to be admitted to trading on 
EuroTLX, a multilateral trading facility organised and managed by EuroTLX Sim S.p.A. and (ii) for which the Final Exercise Amount 
could result in an amount lower than the applicable Specified Denomination. 
 
Final Closing Price means the amount equal to the Closing Price on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and without regard to any subsequently published amendment(s).  
 
Minimum Trading Lot means the minimum number of Italian Certificates specified in the applicable Final Terms that may be traded 
on any applicable regulated or unregulated markets, as determined by the relevant regulated or unregulated markets, if applicable. 
 
Multiplier means, in respect of each Italian Certificate, the number of Underlying(s).  
 
Notice Date means 10:00 CET of the Exchange Business Day (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes) immediately following the Valuation Date, if not specified differently in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them respectively in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae. 
  
 
Provided that : 
 
- in the case of a Non-exempt Offer Note (i) if a share in Societe Generale or its affiliates is specified as a Deliverable Asset in the 
applicable Final Terms, the part of the Physical Delivery Amount composed of shares in Societe Generale or its affiliates will be 
replaced, in due proportion, by an equivalent amount in cash calculated in the manner indicated in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae and (ii) no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to retail investors.  
 
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes (including a Note that is an Italian Certificate), the Final 
Exercise Amount(s) shall be equal to the Final Exercise Amount per Calculation Amount, as defined in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
6.1.3 Redemption prior to maturity 
 
6.1.3.1 Optional early redemption 
 
6.1.3.1.1 Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary  
 
6.1.3.1.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is "Applicable", the Notes are subject 
to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Fiduciary  at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (as defined in Condition 
6.1.3.1.3 below) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.1.3.1.4 below).  
 
6.1.3.1.1.2 Redemption in part 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption in part" is "Applicable", the applicable Final Terms will specify the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and the Maximum Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
 
       a) Minimum Redemption Amount and Maximum Redemption Amount 
 
Any such partial redemption at the option of the Fiduciary must be equal to a nominal amount (the Optional Redemption Amount) 
not less than a minimum redemption amount (the Minimum Redemption Amount) and not more than a maximum redemption amount 
(the Maximum Redemption Amount), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
       b) Method of Redemption 
 
The Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes, in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
a Global Note, not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the

--- Page 208 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
208 
Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed for redemption. In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note  the selection will be reflected in the manner prescribed by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to 
(and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition and notice to that effect shall be given by the Fiduciary  to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five (5) days prior to the Selection Date.  
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes, the Fiduciary shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note or part 
of a Registered Note called for partial redemption.  
 
6.1.3.1.2 Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" is "Applicable", the Notes are subject to 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholders at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (as defined in Condition 
6.1.3.1.3 below) on the Optional Redemption Date(s) both as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.1.3.1.4 below). 
 
6.1.3.1.3 Optional Redemption Amount(s)   
 
In the case of Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes, Warrant Linked Notes and Zero Coupon Notes:  
 
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs:  
 
- Optional Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
- Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined on the basis of the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms, calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date,  
 
- If the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU Allowance Notes (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Notes), the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be the product of (i) Specified Denomination 
and (ii) the Product Formula of the Final Redemption Amount in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in paragraph "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms, but 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date,  
 
- Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in Condition 6.3 below);  
 
and for each of the options above, if relevant and appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding ) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s).  
 
In the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes:  
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the amount defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference 
Share Linked Notes or Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes, as the case may be.  
 
In the case of Zero Coupon Notes:  
The Optional Redemption Amount(s) shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount per Calculation Amount, as defined in Condition 
4.4 above.  
 
6.1.3.1.4 Notice Period  
 
6.1.3.1.4.1 Notice Period in case of optional redemption at the option of the Fiduciary 
 
Upon having given notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption, the  Fiduciary 
shall redeem all (or part of the Notes only when “Redemption in part” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount.  
 
In respect of any Credit Linked Notes , any notice given by the  Fiduciary pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in 
relation to these Credit Linked Notes  -in the event that a Credit Event Notice- , has been, or is, delivered to the Noteholders at any 
time on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Optional Redemption Date in accordance with this 
Condition 6.  
 
In respect of any Note, any notice given by the  Fiduciary pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation to that 
Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the  Fiduciary, the Noteholder had already delivered a Put Notice in relation 
to that Note in accordance with Condition 6.1.3.1.4.2. 
 
6.1.3.1.4.2 Notice Period in case of redemption at the option of the Noteholder

--- Page 209 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
209 
Subject to Condition 6.1.3.1.2, a Noteholder shall have the option to require that a Note be subject to Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholder upon such Noteholder giving notice to the Fiduciary, not less than 15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice 
period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
It may be that before an option to require that a Note be subject to "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders", certain conditions 
and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will need to be satisfied.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Noteholder is not entitled to deliver a Put Notice (as defined below) by virtue of Condition 6.1.3.1.2 
and in circumstances where no such notice is delivered, the relevant Notes shall be subject to redemption in the manner provided in 
the remaining provisions of this Condition 6.  
 
Any Put Notice given by a Noteholder pursuant to this Condition shall be:  
 
(1) irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption a Collateral Liquidation Event has occurred and is continuing in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Fiduciary to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition and instead 
to declare such Note forthwith due and payable by delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice in accordance with “Part 3 – Fiduciary 
Assets Provisions”; and  
 
(2) void and of no effect in relation to such Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put Notice by the relevant holder (A) such 
Note constituted a Redeemed Note (as defined in Condition 6.1.3.1.1.2 above), or (B) the Fiduciary had notified the Noteholders of 
its intention to redeem all of the Notes of a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 6.1.3.1.1 above. 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note, the Noteholder must within the Notice Period deliver a duly completed and 
signed notice (a Put Notice) :  
 
(i)     if the Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, to the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 13. If this Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to the order or 
under its control, or  
 
(ii)    if the Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream or SIS or any other 
clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange (as applicable) (Clearing System), to the 
Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the standard procedures of the relevant Clearing System (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by the Clearing System or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to 
the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to the relevant Clearing System from time to time.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to demand the redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition shall be exercised 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System, and, in the event of any discrepancy between the 
foregoing provisions and the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System, the rules and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System shall prevail. 
 
 
6.1.3.2  Automatic Early Redemption 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Automatic Early Redemption" is "Applicable", the Notes are subject to automatic redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the automatic early redemption amount(s) (Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s)) on the automatic 
early redemption date(s) (Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)) and following the automatic early redemption event (Automatic 
Early Redemption Event), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) shall be determined as follows:  
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) = Specified Denomination multiplied by a Product Formula described in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in paragraph “Reference of the Product” 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
In the case of Automatic Early Redemption for Warrant Linked Notes, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount will be determined and calculated in accordance with the Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes.  
 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the meaning given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae. 
 
6.1.3.3 Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount switch at the option of the Fiduciary

--- Page 210 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
210 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
(i) Any reference to "Interest Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Fixed Coupon Amount, the Floating Coupon Amount 
and/or the Structured Interest Amount (each defined above) as the context requires.  
 
(ii) Any reference to "Redemption Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount (each defined in this Condition 6) as the context requires.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount switch at the option of the Fiduciary " is 
"Applicable" and if the market value of the Note is higher than or equal to a predefined market value (the Market Value for the 
Switch), the Fiduciary shall then have the right (i) to add any Interest Amount or (ii) to replace any Interest and/or Redemption Amount 
by the other Amounts, described here below.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Market Value for the Switch, the substitute coupon amount (the Substitute Coupon 
Amount) and the substitute coupon additional amount (the Additional Substitute Coupon Amount) if "Substitute Coupon" is 
"Applicable" and/or the substitute final redemption amount (the Substitute Final Redemption Amount) if "Substitute Final 
Redemption" is "Applicable" and the optional modification date(s) (the Optional Modification Date(s)) and the Notice Period (as 
defined below).  
 
Substitute Coupon Amount means an amount determined in accordance with Condition 4.1 related to Fixed Rate Notes or with 
Condition 4.2 related to Floating Rate Notes.  
 
Additional Substitute Coupon Amount means an amount determined in accordance with Condition 4.1 related to Fixed Rate Notes 
or with Condition 4.2 related to Floating Rate Notes.  
 
Substitute Final Redemption Amount means an amount determined in accordance with the following provisions:  
 
Substitute Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination multiplied by the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms  
 
The Fiduciary may, after having given notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) pursuant to a notice period (the 
Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for the switch), 
substitute the Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount by other Amounts.  
 
Any Notice given by the Fiduciary pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation to such Note in the event that, 
prior to the giving of such Notice by the Fiduciary, the Noteholder had already delivered a Put Notice in relation to that Note in 
accordance with Condition 6.1.3.1.2.  
 
6.1.3.4 Open-ended Notes  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are “Open-ended Notes”, the Notes will not have a predefined maturity date.  
 
The Fiduciary and the Noteholders will have the right to redeem the Notes, at their Optional Redemption Amount as per Condition 
6.1.3.1.1 or Condition 6.1.3.1.2 and Condition 13. 
 
6.1.3.5 Instalment Notes  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Instalment Notes Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the instalment amount(s) (Instalment Amount(s)) and the instalment date(s) (Instalment 
Date(s)).  
 
An adjusted specified denomination (Adjusted Specified Denomination) may be used for the purpose of calculating the Instalment 
Amount(s), and will be then specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 6.3.  
 
6.1.3.6 Partly Paid Notes  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Partly Paid Notes Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the part payment amount(s) (Part Payment Amount(s)) and the part payment date(s) (Part 
Payment Date(s)).  
 
Partly Paid Notes will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) on the Part Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date is only incurred by the Noteholders on such 
Part Payment Date.  
 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their nominal amount and on any Optional Redemption Date at their paid-
up nominal amount as at the date fixed for redemption. In the event that any Noteholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount on the 
relevant Part Payment Date (such date a Part Payment Default Date), any such Notes held by such Noteholder shall automatically 
be redeemed on the relevant Early Redemption Date at the Settlement Amount.

--- Page 211 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
211 
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of any Note, the seventh Payment Business Day following a Part Payment Default Date;  
 
Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
 
Max [0; [Paid-up Nominal Amount – Unwinding Costs]]  
 
Where:  
 
Paid-up Nominal Amount means, in respect of any Part Payment Date, the paid-up nominal amount of the relevant Note up to (and 
including) the applicable Part Payment Date. Interest will neither accrue nor be payable in respect of the period from and including 
the applicable Part Payment Default Date to and including the applicable Early Redemption Date; and  
 
Unwinding Costs means the pro rata share, in respect of each Note, of the losses (expressed as a positive number) or the gains 
(expressed as a negative number) of unwinding all hedging arrangements (taking into account the present value of any Part Payment 
Amount(s) remaining to be paid in respect of the Notes) entered into or purchased by the Fiduciary and/or the Guarantor.  
 
6.1.3.7 Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note, except for Registered Notes, 
pursuant to Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 6.6.1 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as per Condition 4.4 with references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of:  
 
(1) the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
 
(2) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note has been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
6.2 Redemption following a Special Event 
 
A Special Event means any of the events as defined below:  
 
- a Tax Event (6.2.1),  
- a Special Tax Event (6.2.1),  
- a Regulatory Event (6.2.1),  
- a Force Majeure Event (6.2.1),  
- an Administrator/Benchmark Event (6.2.2),  
- a Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary (6.2.3),  
- a Forced Redemption or Transfer Event (6.2.4), 
- a Noteholder Identification Failure (6.2.5),  
- a Collateral Disruption Event (6.2.6),  
- a Related Agreement Termination Event (6.2.7),  
- an Early Redemption Event (6.2.8), or  
- a Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event (6.2.9). 
 
Except as otherwise specified in this Condition 6.2, if a Special Event, as defined in this Condition, occurs in respect of a Series of 
Notes on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Series of Notes, the Fiduciary or the Guarantor (as applicable)  may by 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and to the Noteholders, elect that the Notes shall be redeemed early on the fourteenth (14th) 
calendar day after the delivery by the Fiduciary (or the Guarantor, as applicable) of the applicable notice of early redemption (the 
Early Redemption Date), in accordance with this Condition. 
 
Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Notes.  
 
Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes will be redeemed as further described in this Condition. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition:   
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.3.7. 
 
Change in Law means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any applicable new law, regulation or 
rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) after the Issue Date of the Notes, (ii) the implementation 
or application of any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) already 
in force on the Issue Date of the Notes but in respect of which the manner of its implementation or application was not known or 
unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of any applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Notes, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Notes of any applicable law,

--- Page 212 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
212 
regulation or rule, by any competent court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative court, 
tribunal, authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date).  
 
Collateral Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” and in accordance with Condition 
11.1 thereof. 
 
Early Redemption of the Notes means the redemption of the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes or any other interest bearing Notes in respect of which the Rate of Interest is not calculated on a fixed rate 
basis (Structured Interest Notes)) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Structured Interest Notes) 
at  the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6.3, together (if appropriate) with accrued interest to  the date of redemption 
provided that in respect of Preference Share Linked Notes or Warrant Linked Notes, the redemption of the Notes shall be at  the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant  Notes.  
 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or after the Issue Date, for which 
the Relevant Entity (as defined below) is not accountable, it becomes impossible and insurmountable for the Relevant Entity to perform 
its obligations under the Notes, so that the continuance of the Notes is thereby rendered definitively impossible. 
 
Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder means that the Fiduciary will apply “Monetisation until the 
Maturity Date” in accordance with Condition 6.5 but will also offer the Noteholders the option of having their Notes redeemed prior to 
the Maturity Date in whole (but not in part). If a Noteholder requires the Fiduciary to redeem such Notes, the Fiduciary shall terminate 
its obligations under such Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount determined on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 6.3. 
 
Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event means (i) the Qualified Financial Institution appointed as the successor Fiduciary pursuant 
to the foregoing provisions is not an affiliate of the Guarantor and (ii)  the Guarantor has elected that the Notes of a Series shall 
become subject to early redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3. 
 
Noteholder Identification Failure means the relevant Noteholder has failed to comply with the Noteholder Identification Requirement 
and such failure is continuing for 3 (three) Business Days. 
 
Regulatory Event means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect to the Fiduciary and/or Societe Generale  or in 
any other capacity (including without limitation as hedging counterparty of the Fiduciary, market maker of the Notes or direct or indirect 
shareholder or sponsor of the Fiduciary) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the Notes (hereafter the Relevant Affiliates 
and each of the Fiduciary, Societe Generale and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue Date of the Notes, (i) 
any Relevant Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing prior to such event) amount of tax, 
duty, liability, penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its 
obligations under the Notes or hedging the Fiduciary's obligations under the Notes, including, without limitations, due to clearing 
requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered into in connection with the issue of, or hedging the Fiduciary's 
obligations under  the Notes, (ii) the Relevant Entity would be required to obtain any licence, authorization, approval, permit, 
registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof that it does not hold as of the Issue Date or to modify its by-laws to comply with the new requirements (a) to hold, acquire, 
issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, settle or as the case may be, guarantee, the Notes, (b) to acquire, hold, sponsor or 
dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests therein) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in connection with the issue 
of the Notes or to hedge the Fiduciary's obligations under the Notes, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Notes or any 
contractual arrangement entered into between the Fiduciary and Societe Generale or any Relevant Affiliate (including without limitation 
to hedge the Fiduciary's obligations under the Notes) or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem all or a 
substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Fiduciary’s capital or the capital of any Relevant Affiliate or to directly or 
indirectly sponsor the Fiduciary or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect on a Relevant Entity in 
connection with the issue of the Notes. 
 
Related Agreement Termination Event means that a Related Agreement becomes subject to termination prior to its scheduled date 
of termination other than as a consequence of a Fiduciary Event, a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or a Bond Event 
Determination Date. 
 
Relevant Notice means, a notice given in accordance with Condition 13 (i) not less than 30 nor more than 45 days, in respect of a 
Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) not less than 7 nor more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and to the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
Special Tax Event means that the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment 
(including payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect of the Notes, be prevented by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the Noteholders of the full amount then 
due and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 
7.2. 
 
Tax Event means that (i) the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to itand (iii) the Fiduciary or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, be prevented

--- Page 213 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
213 
by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) from causing payment to be made to the Noteholders of the full amount 
then due and payable. 
 
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional Event and together the 
Exceptional Events. 
 
6.2.1 Redemption for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify: 
 
(a) “Early Redemption”  
 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Early Redemption 
of the Notes as defined above, or  
 
(b) “Early Redemption or Monetisation until the Maturity Date”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, decide to apply either: 
 
(i) Early Redemption of the Notes, or  
 
(ii) "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" in accordance with Condition 6.5,  
 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event and in case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent may only apply Early Redemption of the Notes, or  
 
(c) “Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholders, except for Force Majeure Event or Bond Event Determination 
Date”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, apply Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder as defined above, and  
 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event  and in case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent may only apply Early Redemption of the Notes.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is not applicable, then in case of occurrence of a Tax Event 
or Special Tax Event the Notes will remain unchanged. 
 
6.2.2 Redemption upon the occurrence of an Administrator /Benchmark Event  
 
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that “EU Benchmarks Regulation - Benchmark” is “Applicable”.  
 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of an Administrator/Benchmark Event in case of 
Floating Rate Notes as described in Condition 4.2.3.1 above, on or after the Issue Date and if the Calculation Agent has not been 
able to determine a Replacement Rate and, as the case may be, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
4.2.3.5.2 above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either:  
 
(i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In that case, 
the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount based 
on the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 below; or  
 
(ii) apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 6.5 below). 
 
 
6.2.3 Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is "Applicable", then in the event that at 
any time during the life of the Notes and for any reason whatsoever, the Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes equals 
or falls below the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level, the Fiduciary shall have the option, subject to any applicable law and regulation,  
to redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes at the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value 
as defined in Condition 6.3 upon giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 13) specifying that the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level has been reached.  
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Aggregate Outstanding Nominal Amount means, at any time, the product of (a) the Specified Denomination and (b) the number of 
Notes outstanding held at such time by Noteholders other than Societe Generale or its affiliates for their own account as determined 
in good faith by the Paying Agent in consultation with the clearing institution(s) in or through which the Notes are held and transactions 
in such Notes are cleared.

--- Page 214 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
214 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes initially issued or, if different from 
10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
6.2.4  Forced Redemption or Transfer Event  
 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a  Note to a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a  Note 
in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such a  Note. If the Fiduciary 
determines at any time that a holder of a  Note (i) is a person that is not a Permitted Transferee, or (ii) purchased such  Note in breach 
of the deemed or actual representations given by such Noteholder upon the purchase of such  Note, the Fiduciary  may (a) redeem 
such  Note at the Early Redemption Amount, or (b) direct such Noteholder to sell or transfer its  Note to a Permitted Transferee in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 30 days following receipt of such notice, and if such Noteholder 
fails to sell or transfer its   Note within such 30 day period, the Fiduciary  may transfer or sell such  Note on behalf of such Noteholder 
(a Forced Redemption or Transfer Event). 
 
No payments will be made on the affected Notes from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the affected 
Notes are redeemed or sold.  
 
There can be no assurance that a Noteholder, or an interest therein, (i)  who is required to sell Notes, or whose Notes are sold on his 
behalf (pursuant to this Condition) will not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the relevant Fiduciary, or for the transferor, 
to find a qualifying transferee willing to purchase the Notes. Neither the relevant Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if applicable) nor any other 
party shall be liable to a Noteholder for any such loss or (ii) whose Notes are redeemed will not incur a significant loss as a result of 
the early redemption of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.3) . 
 
6.2.5 Redemption following Noteholder Identification Failure 
 
If “Redemption in part following Noteholder Identification Failure” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
the relevant Series, upon the occurrence of a Noteholder Identification Failure:  
 
(a)    the Fiduciary may, in its sole and absolute discretion and in accordance with applicable law giving 2 (two) Business Days’ notice 
to the Noteholder to which the Noteholder Identification Failure relates, to all other Noteholders, the Principal Paying Agent and, if 
applicable, the Registrar and (for as long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (a Noteholder Identification Failure Redemption Notice), and upon expiry of such notice the 
Fiduciary shall redeem in whole each Note held by the Noteholder to which the Noteholder Identification Failure relates at the Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 (which shall be the only amount payable and there will be no 
separate payment of any unpaid accrued interest thereon). Failure to make any payment due in respect of such redemption under 
this Condition of part of the principal amount of the Notes or interest thereon shall not constitute a default pursuant to the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes; and  
 
(b) following the giving of a Noteholder Identification Failure Redemption Notice, the Fiduciary shall forthwith give notice to the Agents 
of the redemption following Noteholder Identification Failure and any change or adjustment which the Fiduciary determines to be 
necessary or desirable to be made to the Notes and the provisions of the Transaction Documents (a Noteholder Identification 
Failure Adjustment Notice), and any such changes and adjustments shall be binding on the Noteholders.  
 
6.2.6  Redemption following a Collateral Disruption Event  
 
If the Fiduciary or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event (as defined in "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions" and in accordance with Condition 11.1 thereof) has occurred, the Fiduciary may by notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
and to the Noteholders redeem the Notes of a Series in accordance with Condition 6.3.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event (as defined in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”) will 
not constitute a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event.  
 
6.2.7 Redemption following a Related Agreement Termination Event  
 
If the Fiduciary determines, or if the Related Agreement Counterparty notifies the Fiduciary, that a Related Agreement Termination 
Event has occurred the Fiduciary may by notice to the Principal Paying Agent and to the Noteholders redeem the Notes of a Series 
in accordance with Condition 6.3. 
 
6.2.8 Early Redemption Event  
 
Upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, as such term is defined pursuant to the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will be redeemed in accordance with Condition 6.3. 
 
6.2.9 Redemption following a Non-Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event  
 
In the event of the Fiduciary’s resignation pursuant to Condition 12.1, or the Fiduciary’s removal pursuant to Condition 12.2, then in 
the case of Secured Notes the Guarantor may propose one or more Qualified Financial Institutions (as defined in Condition 11.1) to 
act as the Fiduciary for consideration by the Fiduciary of the Noteholders (as the case may be).

--- Page 215 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
215 
If the Qualified Financial Institution appointed as the successor Fiduciary pursuant to the foregoing provisions is not an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor may elect that the Notes of a Series shall become subject to redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (a Non- 
Affiliate Fiduciary Successor Event). 
 
6.3 Early Redemption 
 
Where the amount due to be paid to (or delivered to, in the case of Physical Delivery Notes) a Noteholders as a result of Condition 
6.2 and Conditions 6.5 and 6.6 is expressed to be the "Early Redemption Amount", such amount will be calculated as follows :  
 
 
 
(1) in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or  
 
(2) in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the 
Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount determined 
and calculated pursuant the provisions of Condition 5.1; or  
 
(3) in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as Market Value in the applicable Final Terms:   
 
(i) at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair 
market value of the Notes and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair 
market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary to make 
the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption 
date; or 
 
(ii) in case of Italian Certificates only, at an amount determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the Italian Certificates immediately prior (and ignoring the circumstances leading) to 
such early termination; or  
 
(iii) in case of EU Allowance Notes only, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption 
of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes, shall take into account the relevant Spread Value(t) and shall have 
the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving 
for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date; the Market Value may be less than the 
market value of a Societe Generale vanilla bond having the same coupon and maturity as these Notes; or  
 
(4) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, at the Physical Delivery Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
 
(5) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
 
(6) in the case of Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount determined and 
calculated in accordance with the Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes and the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes or at an amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be; or 
 
(7) if a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount shall be as set out in Condition 6.6.1; or  
 
(8) if a Fiduciary Event has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount shall be as set out in Condition 6.6.1; or  
 
(9) if a Related Agreement Counterparty Event has occurred, the Early Redemption Amount shall be as set out in Condition 6.6.2. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value following a Fiduciary Event pursuant to Condition 6.6.1 or 
a Related Agreement Counterparty Event pursuant to Condition 6.6.2 only, no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of:  
 
(i) the Fiduciary, which shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) the Guarantor, which shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations under the Guarantee; or 
 
(iii) the Related Agreement Counterparty, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Related 
Agreement(s). 
 
Except in the case of a Bond Event Determination Date,  
in respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, the Early Redemption Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding ) the 
relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or 
otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of such 
redemption. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction, if applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
6.4 Left blank intentionally 
 
6.5 Monetisation until the Maturity Date

--- Page 216 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
216 
 
Unless the Final Terms specify that "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" is not applicable if  (i) for the purpose of Conditions 6.2.1 or 
6.2.2. the Fiduciary elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date or if the applicable Final Terms specify that Early Redemption, 
will not apply or (ii) if pursuant to the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as per this Condition, then the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable 
for the payment of (1) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on any Intermediate Payment Date, and/or (2) the 
Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date, and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 
6.5.1, 6.5.2 and/or 6.5.3 below.  
 
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Notes, following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Monetisation until the Maturity 
Date, the Fiduciary shall no longer be liable for delivery of (1) the Physical Delivery Amount related to the Intermediate Amount 
Payment Date, and/or (2) the Physical Delivery Amount related to the Optional Redemption Date, and/or (3) the Physical Delivery 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, 
deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the amount described in Conditions 6.5.1, 6.5.2 or 6.5.3 below.  
 
This Condition 6.5 and the Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder will apply, if “Redemption for Tax 
Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date" of the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that “Monetisation with Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholders, except for Force Majeure 
Event, Fiduciary Event or Bond Event Determination Date" applies.  
 
All references to the word "fourth" in the paragraphs below may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.  
 
6.5.1 Monetisation of any Intermediate Amount 
 
6.5.1.1 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which could be as low 
as zero  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be, would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate Hedge 
Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, 
if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary 
into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation 
Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on 
such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount 
mentioned above can be as low as zero.  
 
6.5.1.2 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which cannot be in 
any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Intermediate Amount)  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note equal 
to the Minimum Intermediate Amount and (2) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal 
to the positive difference, if any, between:  
 
(a) (i) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would 
be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying 
any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds 
of the assets of the Intermediate Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision 
and of the Compounding Method) together with (ii) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the 
Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a 
Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Maturity Date (excluded), and  
 
(b) an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Intermediate Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount 
mentioned above can be as low as zero.  
 
6.5.2 Monetisation of any Optional Redemption Amount

--- Page 217 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
217 
6.5.2.1 In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
could be as low as zero  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount 
pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Maturity Date (excluded).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero.  
 
6.5.2.2 In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note equal 
to the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount and (2) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the positive difference, if any, between:  
 
(a) (i) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would 
be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (ii) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded), and  
 
(b) an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Redemption Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero.  
 
 
6.5.3 Monetisation of the Final Redemption Amount  
 
6.5.3.1 In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms could 
be as low as zero  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Maturity Date, an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying 
any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding 
Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during 
the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the 
Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero.  
 
 
6.5.3.2 In respect of the redemption of Notes whose Final Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Redemption Amount)  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (1) the Minimum Redemption Amount and (2) an amount, equal to the positive difference, if 
any, between:

--- Page 218 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
218 
(a) (i) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, would 
be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge 
Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full 
Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (ii) 
interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date (excluded), and  
 
(b) an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero.  
 
 
6.5.4 Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Maturity Date  
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period.  
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.7.1) of such Calculation 
Period.  
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period.  
 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but 
excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period.  
 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction.  
 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised interest rate that the Fiduciary  offers in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Specified Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first day 
of a Calculation Period.  
 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding Period (the first 
included and the last excluded), divided by 360.  
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be.  
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, obligations under the 
Notes due on the Maturity Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date 
and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then 
Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hedge Positions.  
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax  Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction 
and/or the Tax  Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, exemption or reduction 
in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements.  
 
Intermediate Amount means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount.  
 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds 
of the Intermediate Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of 
such Intermediate Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate Hedge Positions) are

--- Page 219 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
219 
deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be.  
 
Intermediate Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or 
by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash 
borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on 
a portfolio basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes due on an Intermediate Payment 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note.  
 
Intermediate Payment Date means either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Notes.  
 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.  
 
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.  
 
Optional Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes.  
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of 
the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such 
Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed to be fully 
received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, a part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes due on an Optional Redemption Date, 
apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Notes.  
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such 
date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Tax  Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in Condition 7. 
 
 
6.6    Collateral Liquidation Events  
 
A Collateral Liquidation Event is defined in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”. 
 
6.6.1    Redemption following Fiduciary Event 
 
The occurrence of a Fiduciary Event will constitute a Collateral Liquidation Event for the purposes of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions”. 
 
A Fiduciary Event shall occur in relation to a Series of Notes upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
(i)    default by the Fiduciary is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the Notes of such Series or any of 
them and such default continues for a period of 30 days unless the Guarantor shall have remedied such default before the expiry of 
such period;  
 
(ii)    the Fiduciary fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes of such Series and the failure 
continues for a period of 60 days next following the service on the Fiduciary and the Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be 
remedied (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy, by the Fiduciary or the Guarantor in which case no such 
continuation here above mentioned will be required);  
 
(iii)    the termination of a Related Agreement as a result of an event of default pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof will occur 
with respect to the Fiduciary if an event of default, howsoever defined in the Related Agreements, occurs in respect of which the 
Fiduciary is the defaulting party, howsoever defined in the Related Agreements; 
 
(iv)    if the Collateral Monitoring Agent delivers a Required Collateral Default Notice in relation to the Collateral Pool collateralising 
such Notes; or

--- Page 220 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
220 
(v)    the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in respect of the Notes or is rendered void for any cause or by any means 
whatsoever except if the same results from the occurrence of a Change in Law which constitutes a Regulatory Event as provided for 
in Condition 6.2.1.  
 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event shall be (i) in the case of a Single Series Collateral 
Pool, the Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds as defined in Condition 9.2 of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions” or (ii) in the case 
of a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount, as defined in Condition 9.4 of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions”. 
 
6.6.2    Redemption following a Related Agreement Counterparty Event 
 
The occurrence of a Related Agreement Counterparty Event will constitute a "Collateral Liquidation Event" for the purposes of “Part 
3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”. 
 
A Related Agreement Counterparty Event will occur in relation to a Series of Notes if (i) an event of default (howsoever defined in 
the Related Agreements) occurs in respect of which the Related Agreement Counterparty is the defaulting party (howsoever defined 
in the Related Agreements) and/or (ii) the Collateral Monitoring Agent delivers a Required Collateral Default Notice in relation to the 
Collateral Pool collateralising the Notes. 
 
The Early Redemption Amount payable on the occurrence of a Related Agreement Counterparty Event shall be (i) in the case of a 
Single Series Collateral Pool, the Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds as defined in Condition 9.2 of  “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets 
Provisions” or (ii) in the case of a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount, as defined in Condition 
9.4 of “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”. 
 
6.7    Additional events relating to Repack Notes 
 
This Condition 6.7 applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that the type of Notes is Repack Notes.  
 
6.7.1    Redemption following a Bond Event Determination Date  
 
If a Bond Event Determination Date (as defined in Condition 2 of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these General Terms 
and Conditions) has occurred, the Fiduciary may redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the Early 
Redemption Date (as defined below) in accordance with the provisions of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these General 
Terms and Conditions. In such a case: 
 
(a)    the Early Redemption Amount payable on the Notes shall be the Cash Redemption Amount; 
 
(b)    the Early Redemption Date shall be the Cash Redemption Date; and  
 
(c)    the provisions of Condition 4 (Interest) are subject to the provisions of Condition 1.2 (Provisions relating to Interest) of “Part 2 –
Repack Notes Specific Provisions”. 
 
6.7.2    Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date 
 
If a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date (as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these General Terms and 
Conditions), has occurred, the provisions of Condition 1.4.5 of “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of these General Terms 
and Conditions apply. 
 
6.7.3    Market Trigger Event  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that “Market Trigger Event” is “Applicable”, if a Market Trigger Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the Fiduciary may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes early at their Market Trigger Event 
Redemption Amount upon giving notice in accordance with this Condition and Condition 13.  
 
Market Trigger Event means that the Calculation Agent has determined that the secondary mid price of the Notes (expressed as a 
percentage of the Specified Denomination) and published on the source specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Market Trigger 
Event Source”) has fallen below a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the ‘Market Trigger Event Percentage”) and 
is continuing for a period of five (or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) consecutive Business Days 
(as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions”). 
 
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value means the bond value (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date using the same methodology as the one used for the 
determination of the Bond Final Value (with Floating Recovery) in the Part 2 – “Repack Notes Specific Provisions”, for the avoidance 
of doubt provided that Bond Event Determination Date is deemed replaced by Market Trigger Event Determination Date. 
 
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date means the day on or prior to the Market Trigger Event Valuation 
Notice Delivery Date, on which the Calculation Agent determines the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value. 
 
Market Trigger Event Determination Date means the day on which a Market Trigger Event Notice is delivered by or on behalf of 
the Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the information of the Noteholders. A Market Trigger Event Determination Date 
may not occur after the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date.

--- Page 221 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
221 
 
Market Trigger Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event Determination Date by or on behalf 
of the Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s) for the information of the Noteholders that specifies that a Market Trigger Event 
has occurred.  
 
Market Trigger Event Payment Date means the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Market Trigger Event Valuation 
Notice Delivery Date.  
 
Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means Specified Denomination x Max(Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value - 
Market Trigger Event Swap Price ; 0).  
 
Market Trigger Event Swap Price means the price determined on the Market Trigger Event Swap Price Determination Date 
(expressed as a percentage) as determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the termination amount payable under the Swap 
Agreement (including any costs relating to hedging the credit risk of the Bond Issuer) in the Specified Currency, determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Market Trigger Event Swap Price Determination Date means the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date, 
unless the Calculation Agent is not able to determine the Market Trigger Event Swap Price on such date in which case the Market 
Trigger Event Swap Price Determination Date shall be the first day on or prior to the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery 
Date on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Market Trigger Event Swap Price. 
 
Market Trigger Event Unwind Costs means the price determined as at a day selected by the Calculation Agent falling in the same 
period used to determine the Market Trigger Event Swap Price (expressed as a percentage of the notional amount of the Swap 
Agreement in respect of the Notes) as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the same methodology as Breakage 
Cost Amount (as defined in “Part 2 –Repack Notes Specific Provisions”). 
 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date, 
specifying the Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount and the Market Trigger Event Payment Date.  
 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 10th Business 
Day following the Market Trigger Event Determination Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Market Trigger Event 
Valuation Notice on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Relevant Clearing System(s), for the information of the Noteholders. 
 
7. TAXATION 
 
7.1 Withholding taxes 
 
Unless specified otherwise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of Notes and, if applicable, under the 
Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
any jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
7.2 No gross-up of payments under Notes or Fiduciary Assets  
 
Without prejudice to Condition 7.3, neither the Fiduciary nor the Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay (a) any tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for payment, or 
enforcement of any Note or (b) any tax, duty, withholding or other payment which arises in respect of or is deducted from any payment 
due to the Fiduciary under any Fiduciary Assets and all payments made by the Fiduciary or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall 
be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.  
 
7.3 No gross-up of payments under Related Agreement  
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Related Agreement Counterparty is obliged under the Related Agreements to gross up payments to be 
made by it to the other if withholding taxes are imposed on such payments, but the Related Agreements are terminable in such event 
in accordance with their terms and conditions.  
 
7.4. U.S. Taxes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt references in Condition 7.1 and Condition 7.2 to tax, duty or withholding include, without limitation (i) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, (ii) any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to the Section 871(m) 
of the Code (the 871(m) Regulations) or (iii) imposed by any other law of the United States. In addition, in determining the amount 
of Section 871(m) withholding imposed, the Fiduciary shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
 
If the Fiduciary or the Guarantor determines that the Notes are Specified Notes pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the withholding rate, the name of the entity which will withhold the rate and the e-mail address where the 
Noteholders can request additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations.

--- Page 222 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
222 
With respect to Specified Notes that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a 
security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on Notes that reference such U.S. 
securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Fiduciary (or the Guarantor) will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of 
the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Fiduciary (or the Guarantor) will not pay any additional amounts to the holder 
on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
 
Specified Notes means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), Notes issued on or 
after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. underlying equities as determined by 
the  Fiduciary on the date for such Notes as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Fiduciary, based on tests 
set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Notes are deemed “delta-one” instruments).  
 
Tax Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by Societe 
Generale). 
 
8. PRESCRIPTION  
 
Claims on Bearer Notes (and as the case may be, any related Receipts and Coupons) and Registered Notes  will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest  are made within a period of ten years (in the case of principal or payments) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined below) therefor. 
 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, as amended (the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996) requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition (opposition) has been filed in relation to the Notes and (ii) 
the Notes mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable 
under the Notes, (but has not yet been paid to the Noteholders) is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the 
opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Notes occurs. 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of 
which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.3 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.3. 
 
Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
 
9. LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY 
 
10. REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent  (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to relevant 
stock exchange requirements and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if any allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange 
for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Fiduciary and/or the Guarantor on demand the amount payable by the Fiduciary and/or 
the Guarantor in respect of such  Notes), Coupons or further Coupons and otherwise as the Fiduciary or , the Guarantor, may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. The replacement of Notes in bearer form and receipts, coupons and talons relating to Notes in bearer form, in the case of loss 
or theft, is subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
 
11. APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS  
 
11.1 Agents 
 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agent(s) and their initial specified 
offices are set out below (except with respect to SIS Notes) and the name(s) and the specified office of the Calculation Agent(s) are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent may, (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) delegate certain of its functions and duties 
in relation to Physical Delivery Notes to a settlement agent (the Settlement Agent). 
 
In relation to SIS Notes and any other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Fiduciary will maintain a Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
having a specified office in Switzerland (which, in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a bank or 
securities dealer that is subject to supervision by FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, and 
the Fiduciary will at all time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF-SIS Notes having a specified office in Switzerland. In relation

--- Page 223 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
223 
to SIS Notes and any other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, any reference in these Conditions to the Principal Paying Agent 
shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent. 
 
The Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any such Paying Agent or 
Settlement Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Settlement Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent acts, provided that : 
 
(1) so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another relevant authority, there will at 
all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
 
(2) there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified office in a city in Europe; and 
 
(3) in the case of Registered Notes, there will at all times be a Registrar with a specified office in a city in Europe; and 
 
(4) there will be one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
 
(5) there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar, and 
 
(6) there will at all times be a Collateral Agent; and 
 
(7) there will at all times be a Collateral Monitoring Agent; and 
 
(8) there will at all times be a Collateral Custodian; and 
 
(9) there will at all times be a Note Valuation Agent; and 
 
(10) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, there will at all times be a LuxCSD Principal Agent and a Settlement Organisation. 
 
In addition, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (if any) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 5.2. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Fiduciary and, if applicable, the Guarantor, and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
 
In acting under the Collateral Agency Agreement, each of the Collateral Agent and the Note Valuation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders.  
 
In acting under the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agent acts solely as agent of the Fiduciary 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.  
 
In acting under the Collateral Custody Agreement, the Collateral Custodian acts solely as agent of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders.  
 
11.2    Calculation Agent 
 
In connection with any Notes, if the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Calculation Agent) is: 
 
- Societe Generale or Societe Generale Luxembourg, such appointment will be governed by the terms of the calculation agency 
agreement (the Calculation Agency Agreement); or 
 
- any entity other than Societe Generale, the terms of such appointment will be summarised in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In acting under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders. 
 
11.3 Replacement of Agents  
 
Each of the Agency Agreement, the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring 
Agency Agreement and the Collateral Custody Agreement contain provisions for the termination of such agreement and, as the case 
may be, the removal and/or replacement of the role of any party appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or 
replacement will be effected in accordance with the provisions of such agreements and the additional terms and conditions for Notes 
and may be effected without the consent of Noteholders.  
 
In accordance with the terms of such agreements and/or the additional terms and conditions for Notes, the Fiduciary shall be required 
to give notice to Noteholders of any such termination, removal and/or replacement.

--- Page 224 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
224 
 
In particular, the replacement of the Collateral Custodian may only be effected when certain conditions relating to the substitute 
collateral custodian are fulfilled. Such conditions include, but are not limited to a requirement that the substitute collateral custodian 
is: 
 
(a)     incorporated in an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member country; 
(b)    a fully licensed credit institution in Luxembourg; 
(c)    in the reasonable opinion of the Fiduciary and (if applicable) the Guarantor, able to act as Collateral Custodian and fulfil the 
obligations and duties expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement; and 
(d)    chosen from a pre-established list of entities (including BBH, Citi, HSBC, JP Morgan, Northern Trust, RBC Dexia Investor 
Services, BNP Paribas Securities Services, State Street or Wells Fargo & Company Inc.) or otherwise is a custodian of similar repute 
and good standing. 
 
 
11.4    Appointment of BNY Disposal Agent by Noteholders 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch is appointed by the Initial Noteholder pursuant to the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement 
and shall act solely as disposal agent of the Noteholders of the Notes of a Series for the time being, undertaking on their behalf the 
duties of BNY Disposal Agent as set out in “Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions”. The BNY Disposal Agent may only act after the 
occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event.  
 
The BNY Disposal Agent may resign its appointment under the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement by giving at least 90 days’ prior 
written notice to the Fiduciary, and the appointment of the BNY Disposal Agent under the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement may be 
terminated by the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, if (a) at any time the BNY Disposal Agent becomes incapable of 
acting, or is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or makes an assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors or consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or other similar official of all or any substantial part of its property 
or admits in writing its inability to pay or to meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or 
an order made for its winding-up or dissolution, or if a receiver, administrator or other similar official of itself or all or any substantial 
part of its property is appointed, or if an order of any court is entered approving any petition filed by or against it under the provisions 
of any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or if any public officer takes charge or control of it or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or (b) it fails duly to perform any act required to be performed by it under the 
BNY Disposal Agency Agreement. In either event, the Guarantor and/or the Related Agreement Counterparty may, by notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 nominate one or more entities for the Noteholders to consider appointing as 
the successor BNY Disposal Agent. No resignation by the BNY Disposal Agent shall take effect, nor may the BNY Disposal Agent be 
removed, until a replacement disposal agent has been appointed by the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, in 
accordance with the terms of the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement. 
 
 
11.5    Appointment of SG Disposal Agent by Noteholders 
 
11.5.1    Societe Generale is appointed by the Initial Noteholder pursuant to the SG Disposal Agency Agreement and shall act solely 
as agent of the Noteholders of the Notes of a Series for the time being, undertaking on their behalf the duties of SG Disposal Agent, 
in effecting the realisation of Collateral Assets upon the occurrence of events other than a Collateral Liquidation Event as set out in 
the SG Disposal Agency Agreement.  The SG Disposal Agent will not act as a disposal agent after the occurrence of a Collateral 
Liquidation Event. 
 
The SG Disposal Agent may resign its appointment under the SG Disposal Agency Agreement by giving at least 90 days’ prior written 
notice to the Fiduciary, and the appointment of the SG Disposal Agent under the SG Disposal Agency Agreement may be terminated 
by the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, if (a) at any time the SG Disposal Agent becomes incapable of acting, or is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or 
consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or other similar official of all or any substantial part of its property or admits 
in writing its inability to pay or to meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order 
made for its winding-up or dissolution, or if a receiver, administrator or other similar official of itself or all or any substantial part of its 
property is appointed, or if an order of any court is entered approving any petition filed by or against it under the provisions of any 
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or if any public officer takes charge or control of it or its property or affairs for the purpose 
of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or (b) it fails duly to perform any act required to be performed by it under the SG Disposal 
Agency Agreement. In either event, the Related Agreement Counterparty may, by notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 nominate one or more entities for the Noteholders to consider appointing as the successor SG Disposal Agent. No 
resignation by the SG Disposal Agent shall take effect, nor may the SG Disposal Agent be removed, until a replacement disposal 
agent has been appointed by the Noteholders, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, in accordance with the terms of the SG Disposal 
Agency Agreement. 
 
 
 
12. RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF THE FIDUCIARY 
 
12.1  Resignation by Fiduciary  
 
The Fiduciary may resign as fiduciary in relation to a Series of Notes by giving at least 90 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. Such resignation will take effect on the date specified in such notice (which by subscription for, or acquisition of, 
any Note the Noteholders are deemed to expressly accept and be bound by), provided that no such resignation will take effect until

--- Page 225 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
225 
each of (a) the appointment by the Fiduciary of a successor fiduciary (which will be a Qualified Financial Institution, as defined below); 
(b) the acceptance of such appointment by such successor and (c) the assumption by such successor of the rights and obligations of 
the Fiduciary under the Related Agreements and each Fiduciary Asset, and under each Fiduciary Contract relating to a Series of 
Notes has become effective. The Fiduciary will procure the appointment of a successor fiduciary as soon as possible following notice 
of its resignation. As soon as practicable, but in no event later than 10 days, after such appointment being made, the Fiduciary will 
give due notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (the Appointment Notice). 
 
Qualified Financial Institution means a bank incorporated or established under the laws of Luxembourg which is resident or has its 
domicile or has its seat in Luxembourg which is qualified and authorised to act as a fiduciary under the Fiduciary Law. 
 
12.2  Removal by Noteholders  
 
The Fiduciary may at any time be removed as fiduciary in relation to a Series of Notes by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders in general meeting, provided that no such removal will take effect until each of (a) the appointment by such Noteholders 
by Extraordinary Resolution of a successor fiduciary (which will be a Qualified Financial Institution); (b) the acceptance of such 
appointment by such successor; and (c) the assumption by such successor of the rights and obligations of the Fiduciary under the 
Related Agreements and each Fiduciary Asset, and under each Fiduciary Contract relating to such Series of Notes has become 
effective. 
 
 
13. NOTICES 
 
13.1 Notices regarding Notes other than ECF Notes, EUI Notes, SIS Notes, and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
13.1 Notices regarding Notes other than SIS Notes and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
 
13.1.1 All notices regarding the Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe provided that so long as such Notes are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or are admitted to 
trading by a relevant authority the Fiduciary shall instead ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of such regulated market, stock exchange(s) or relevant authority.  
 
 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or the Tageblatt)) or (ii) in the case of publication on a website, on the date on 
which such notice is first posted on the relevant website (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be 
www.luxse.com). 
 
13.1.2 Until such time as any Notes in definitive form are issued and so long as the Global Note(s) representing the Notes is or are 
held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, publication of a notice in such newspaper(s) or on such websites 
as referred to in Condition 13.1.1 may be substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, for 
communication by them to the Noteholders. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream. 
 
13.1.3 All notices regarding Definitive Registered Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or by airmail (if 
posted to an address overseas) to the Noteholders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the 
Register.  
 
In addition, for so long as any Definitive Registered Notes are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by a relevant authority and the rules of such regulated market or such stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the regulated market or stock exchange on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing. 
 
13.1.4 Notices to be given by any Noteholder  shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in 
definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note such notice may be given by any Noteholder to 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose. 
 
13.2 Notices regarding SIS Notes and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, notices regarding SIS Notes may be given by communication through the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forwarding to the Noteholders. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have 
been validly given with the communication to the Intermediary.

--- Page 226 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
226 
So long as SIS Notes, other Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all 
notices in respect of such Notes will also be given without cost to the Noteholders through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent either: 
 
- by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange ( http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com ), where 
notices 
are 
currently 
published 
under 
the 
address 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-
exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/  (SIX Group); or 
 
- otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange.  
 
In addition, or as an alternative, notices concerning SIS Notes may be published in a leading daily newspaper (such as, for example, 
the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in Switzerland. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given 
on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication).  
 
 
14. FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES - CANCELLATION 
 
14.1 Further Issues 
 
The Fiduciary may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further Notes ranking pari passu in all 
respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon), and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
the outstanding Notes. 
 
Any such further Notes shall only form a single Series with the Notes (unless otherwise approved by holders of at least 75% in nominal 
amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding) if the Fiduciary provides additional assets (as fiduciary assets for such further 
Notes) which are fungible with, and have the same proportionate composition as, those forming part of the Fiduciary Assets for the 
Notes of such Series and in the same proportion as the proportion that the nominal amount of such new notes bears to the Notes of 
such Series and/or the Fiduciary enters into an additional or supplemental Related Agreement extending the terms of any existing 
Related Agreement to the new Notes on terms no less favourable than such existing documents and agreements.  
14.2 Consolidation  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that clause "Consolidation" is "Applicable", the Fiduciary may from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified for a redenomination of the Notes  pursuant to Condition 1.5, on giving not less 
than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of Noteholders, consolidate the 
Notes with one or more issues of other Notes issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies 
or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated or payable in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
 
The provisions of this Condition shall not apply to Preference Share Linked Notes or Warrant Linked Notes. 
 
14.3 Subscriptions and Purchases  
 
Each of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor shall have the right to subscribe and/or to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased  at any price in the open 
market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
14.4 Cancellation  
 
All Notes purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Fiduciary will forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of Definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto or surrendered therewith). All Notes purchased and 
cancelled (together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar) and cannot be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
 
 
 
 
15. CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS - ADJUSTMENTS AND DISRUPTION 
 
With respect to a Type of Structured Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to which the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes apply, the Calculation Agent responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, 
interest payable and any amount payable shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 11).  
 
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or act in any way (and unless 
otherwise provided herein), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation  Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (if 
any), the Agent, the Noteholders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error.

--- Page 227 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
227 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment which is substantial in the opinion of the Calculation Agent or of an 
extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes: 
 
(i) a relevant Underlying, and/or  
 
(ii) a Selected Obligation or  a Deliverable Obligation,  
 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Fiduciary, which shall in its turn notify the Agent and the Noteholders, pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 13, of the relevant adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or 
decision taken can be obtained by the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's address specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.   
 
16. MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
 
16.1 The Agency Agreement contains detailed provisions in respect of the convening of the meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests. Modification of the Terms and Conditions (i) to change the maturity of the Notes (including for the 
avoidance of doubt any Receipt or Coupons), (ii) to reduce the nominal amount of or reduce the rate of interest (if any) payable in 
connection with the Notes, (iii) to amend the redemption conditions, (iv) to extend the amortisation period (if any), suspend the same 
and consent to changes in the conditions thereof, (v) to change the currency of payment of the Notes, (vi) to vary the quorum provisions 
or the majority required to pass a resolution or (vii) to make any other change or amendment to the Conditions (other than any 
modification, authorisation or waiver pursuant to Condition 16.2) may only be made by a resolution approved by two-thirds of votes 
cast (an Extraordinary Resolution).  A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders representing the required quorum 
as mentioned above shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders. 
 
All other resolutions will be taken by a resolution approved by a simple majority of votes cast (an Ordinary Resolution). A resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of a simple majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders. 
 
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 50 (fifty) %, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons holding or representing Notes whatever 
the nominal amount of such Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be 
binding on all the Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed).  
 
The Fiduciary may make any such modification subject to it having received a legal opinion confirming to its satisfaction that the 
modification has (where Noteholder approval is required) been validly approved by the meeting of Noteholders and that it will be 
binding on all the Noteholders as provided herein.  
 
It should be noted that articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the amended Luxembourg Act of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended (the Companies Act 1915) shall not apply to the Notes. No Noteholder may initiate proceedings against the Fiduciary which 
are based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
 
16.2     Modification, authorisation and waiver 
 
The Fiduciary may agree with the Principal Paying Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders, and without liability to any person 
therefore, to (i) any modification of the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement or any of the provisions of the Related 
Agreements or Fiduciary Assets and any corresponding provisions of the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement which is, 
in the opinion of the Fiduciary, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law or the applicable listing rules, and (ii) any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Related Agreements and any corresponding provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions which is in the opinion of the Fiduciary not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Noteholders and such modification will be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
Without prejudice and in addition to the foregoing, if the Related Agreement Counterparty exercises the Transfer Right, the Fiduciary 
shall be entitled to agree, without the consent of the Noteholders and without liability to any person therefor, to such modifications to 
(i) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or (ii) any of the Transaction Documents as it considers necessary or desirable to allow 
the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty to accede to, or otherwise take the benefit of, those Transaction Documents, and 
by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, Noteholders should be deemed to have acknowledged such right of the Fiduciary and agreed 
thereto.  
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and will be notified to Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
 
 
 
17. SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF NOTES 
 
Notes that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant authority may be suspended 
from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant 
stock exchange(s).

--- Page 228 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
228 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent, the Fiduciary and the Guarantor (if any) may agree at any time and without any further consent 
from the Noteholders to delist Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 at least three months prior to the last trading day stating that such Notes will be delisted from the SIX Swiss Exchange and no 
longer traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
 
18. WAIVER OF SET-OFF  
 
No holder of any Note may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability which the 
Fiduciary has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or 
any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide or shall be construed as acknowledging any right of 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any 
Note but for this Condition. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Note for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such 
Note. 
 
19. LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY 
 
20. LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY 
 
 
21. GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
 
21.1  Governing law 
 
Each Fiduciary Contract, the Notes and the Coupons, and any rights and obligations (including any non-contractual obligations) arising 
out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Luxembourg and the 
Fiduciary Contract constituted by the Notes and the Coupons are governed in particular by the Fiduciary Law. Actions or proceedings 
against the Fiduciary may be brought only in a court of Luxembourg having jurisdiction. 
 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
21.2  Submission to jurisdiction  
 
The Fiduciary irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders, that the courts of Luxembourg are to have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to non-
contractual obligations arising out of such Notes and/or Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Luxembourg courts. 
 
The Fiduciary waives any objection to the courts of Luxembourg on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders  may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes and/or Coupons) against the Fiduciary in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
The Fiduciary has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the Luxembourg courts and appointed an agent for service 
of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
 
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee shall be brought before the commercial court of Paris (Tribunal de 
Commerce de Paris).

--- Page 229 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
229 
 
 
PART 2 - REPACK NOTES SPECIFIC PROVISIONS  
 
This “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and Conditions (“Part 2”) shall apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the Type of Notes is “Repack Notes”.  
 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Terms and Conditions of Part 1 – General Provisions and the ones of this Part 
2, the General Terms and Conditions of this Part 2 shall prevail.  
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in Part 2 Condition 1 shall have the meanings given to them in Part 2 Condition 2, save to the 
extent it is completed in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Capitalised terms used in the definition "Bond Issuer ISDA Event" below shall have the meanings given to them in Part 2 Condition 
3.  
 
If any Bond is guaranteed, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Bond Guarantor” in respect of such Bond and, as they apply to 
such Bond, any reference in Part 2 to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” shall be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Bond 
Guarantor” and “Bond and/or Bond Guarantee”, where, for these purposes, Bond Guarantor means the entity specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in accordance with the Bond Guarantee), and Bond Guarantee means the guarantee 
provided by the Bond Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Bond Issuer under such Bond.  
 
If any Bond is a loan participation note, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Underlying Borrower” in respect of such Bond and, 
as they apply to such Bond, any reference in Part 2 to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” shall be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer 
and/or Underlying Borrower” and “Bond and/or Underlying Loan”, where, for these purposes, Underlying Borrower means the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in accordance with the Underlying Loan), and Underlying Loan 
means the loan provided by the Bond Issuer to the Underlying Borrower with the proceeds of issuance of such Bonds.   
 
1. REDEMPTION FOLLOWING A BOND EVENT DETERMINATION DATE  
 
1.1 Settlement Method – Cash Settlement  
 
If a Bond Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Bond Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date and a Bond Event Notice and, if specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period by or on behalf 
of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders, then (i) the Fiduciary will redeem the Notes at the Cash Redemption Amount (such amount being 
the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with General Condition 6.7.1 payable on the Notes) on the Cash Redemption Date (such 
date being the Early Redemption Date in accordance with General Condition 6.7 in respect of the Notes); and (ii) the Interest Period(s) 
shall be as specified in Part 2 Condition 1.2 below. The Fiduciary shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of a Bond Event Determination 
Date as soon as reasonably practicable.The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the 
Cash Redemption Amount and the Cash Redemption Date shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Bond Final Valuation Notice on 
the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.  
 
1.2 Provisions relating to Interest  
 
Interest Period means each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period 
remains subject to the provisions of this Part 2 Condition 1.  
 
1.2.1 Single Bond Repack Notes  
 
1.2.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is stated 
as being “Applicable”:  
 
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable under each Note for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Specified Denomination and if any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
 
1.2.1.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Structured Interest Note Provisions” is stated as being “Applicable”:  
 
The Structured Interest Amount shall be as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae when the reference 
of the product is included in the clause “Reference of the Product” in the applicable Final Terms, or as specified in the clause 
“Structured Interest Amount(s)” in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Offer Notes.  
 
1.2.1.3 The Interest Payment Date(s), if any, will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the provisions set out at paragraphs (a) to (e) below:  
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “Accrued Interest 
upon Bond Event”:

--- Page 230 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
230 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Bond Event 
Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Bond Event Determination Date occurring 
before the first Interest Payment Date) to (but excluding) the Bond Event Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment Date will 
be the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day falling after the Bond Event Determination Date and 
(ii) the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) the Bond Event Determination Date to the Maturity 
Date.  
 
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event" is stated as being "No Accrued Interest 
upon Bond Event”:  
 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Bond Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date preceding the Bond Event Determination Date (or from and including the Interest Commencement Date in 
case of a Bond Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to the Maturity Date.  
 
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.  
 
(c) If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being "Accrued Interest 
upon Bond Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period:  
 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Bond Event 
Determination Date, and the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and 
including) the Bond Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date.  
In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date to the Maturity Date.  
 
(d) If (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “No Accrued 
Interest upon Bond Event” and (ii) there is only one Interest Period:  
 
If a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall accrue nor be payable in respect of the Notes.  
 
(e) Only if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European Settlement” and if the 
clause “Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “Guaranteed Coupon”:  
 
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity Date and the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest 
Period on the Specified Denomination of each Note.   
 
1.2.2 Provisions to Single Bond Repack Notes  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, should a Bond Event Determination Date occur within an Interest Period but the relevant Bond Event 
Notice is delivered (i) less than four Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and the Fiduciary’s payment instructions 
have already been given in respect of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, or (ii) during a subsequent Interest Period 
and the Fiduciary has paid an amount of interest prior to such delivery in excess of the amount due in accordance with the provisions 
of Part 2 Condition 1.2, then the Fiduciary may deduct the amount of overpaid interest from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash 
Redemption Amount), whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being in each case floored at zero);  
 
1.3 Partial Redemption and further issues  
 
Following any partial redemption of the Notes (pursuant to General Condition 6.1.3.1.1.2 of “Part 1 - General Provisions” or any further 
issue (pursuant to General Condition 14 of “Part 1 - General Provisions”, the Aggregate Nominal Amount will be multiplied by the ratio 
of (i) the number of Notes outstanding after such partial redemption or further issue divided by (ii) the number of Notes outstanding 
just before such partial redemption or further issue.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount calculation of which depends on the Aggregate Nominal Amount will be re-calculated 
accordingly.  
 
 
1.4 Hedging Disruption – Increased Cost of Hedging – Change in Law - Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any 
of its Affiliates – Holding Limit Event – Consequences of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date  
 
1.4.1 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging  
 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.  
 
1.4.2 Change in Law

--- Page 231 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
231 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
1.4.3 Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates  
 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in respect of Single Repack Notes or Basket Repack 
Notes, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially 
all its assets to, a Bond Issuer or (ii) a Bond Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially 
all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates and a Bond Issuer become 
Affiliates. 
  
1.4.4 Holding Limit Event  
 
Holding Limit Event means that Societe Generale and any of its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Bond 
or issuance of Bonds, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote 25% or more of 
any class of voting securities, of the issuer of such Bond as determined by Societe Generale. A “restricted Bond” for the purpose of 
this definition, means those assets subject to internal monitoring by Societe Generale for purposes of its compliance with restrictions 
imposed by the Volcker Rule. As used herein, the “Volcker Rule” means the amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 
made by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including any requests, regulations, rules, 
guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in 
connection with, such rule.  
 
1.4.5 Consequences of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date  
 
Upon the occurrence of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date (as defined below), the Calculation Agent may decide to either:  
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Early 
Redemption Event). In the case where a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market 
Value as defined in General Condition 6.3 of “Part 1 - General Provisions”; or  
 
B. if the relevant Repack Notes Exceptional Event (as defined below) is related to one or several affected Bonds or issuance of Bonds 
as applicable (the Affected Bond(s)), replace the Affected Bond(s) by a new bond (or new bonds, as relevant) which is (respectively 
are each) a Similar Bond. In addition, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the terms of the Swap Agreement) to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes; 
or  
 
C. apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.5);  
 
Or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging:  
 
D. deduct:  
 
(i) from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the Notes on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the Reduction 
Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of each Note is greater than the Interest Amount due under each Note (prior to the deduction 
of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced to zero and the difference between the 
Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be deducted from the Interest Amount 
due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in whole or 
in part on the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount will be deducted from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final 
Redemption Amount, whichever comes first (the reduction of such deduction being floored at zero); or  
 
(ii) in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any), due under the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, 
and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or  
 
E. apply the Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as set out in Part 2 Condition 1.4.6 below).  
 
Following the occurrence of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Fiduciary, which shall in 
its turn notify the Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of General Condition 13 of “Part 1 - General Provisions” of the relevant 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by 
the Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address.

--- Page 232 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
232 
If the Calculation Agent has elected to apply 1.4.5(C) (Monetisation until the Maturity Date), or 1.4.5(D) or 1.4.5(E) (Partial 
Monetisation until the Maturity Date) above and a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after the Exceptional Event Date, the 
provisions of 1.4.5 (C), 1.4.5 (D) or 1.4.5 (E) above, as the case may be, shall no longer apply and instead the Notes shall be redeemed 
at the Cash Redemption Amount and in accordance with the Interest Period(s) as described in Part 2 Condition 1. For the avoidance 
of doubt, where a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after an Exceptional Event Date where the Calculation Agent has elected 
to apply 1.4.5(E) (Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date) above, the Related Agreement Price Determination Date shall not be 
affected by such occurrence and will remain the date determined in accordance with the definition Related Agreement Price 
Determination Date.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Part 2 Condition 1.4.5:  
 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence during the period from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date of one or more of a Hedging Disruption, an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, a Holding Limit Event or Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates.  
 
Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date means in respect of a Repack Notes Exceptional Event, the date, from and including the 
Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, on which the Calculation Agent determines in good faith 
that a Repack Notes Exceptional Event has occurred. A Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event 
Determination Date.  
 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date.  
 
Similar Bond means a bond that complies with the Collateral Rules, including the Eligibility Criteria as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
1.4.6 Partial Monetisation until the Maturity Date  
 
The Fiduciary will no longer be liable for any payment, on the Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, but instead will, in full and 
final satisfaction of its obligations:  
 
A. if no Bond Event Determination Date has occurred after the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, pay on the Maturity Date an 
amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, with a minimum of zero, based on (a) the sum of (i) (x) the actual proceeds 
effectively received by or on behalf of a holder of one Bond at its maturity date net of any withholding tax, duty or expenses as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency 
of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Bond maturity date (expressed as a percentage of the denomination of 
the Bond) multiplied by (y) the Specified Denomination of the Note and (ii)(x) any interest, coupons or other sums analogous to interest 
effectively received between the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date and the Maturity Date by or on behalf of a holder of one Bond 
net of any withholding tax, duty or expenses and costs (including, without limitation, balance sheet costs) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency of the Notes using 
the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Maturity Date (expressed as a percentage of the denomination of the Bond), multiplied by 
(y) the Specified Denomination of the Note (the "Bond Interest") and (iii) the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by the 
Swap Agreement Price (such amount being positive or negative) determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date, 
together with (b) interest (which may be a positive or a negative amount) that would have accrued on the Calculation Amount over 
the Calculation Period pursuant to the Compounding Method.  
 
For the purpose of determining the interest pursuant to the provisions of the Compounding Method:  
 
Calculation Amount shall be equal (a) for the first Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) to the Specified 
Denomination of the Note multiplied by the Swap Agreement Price determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date 
and (b) for each Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) excluding the first Calculation Period (as defined in this 
Condition 1.4.6(A)), to the sum of (i) (A) the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by (B) the Swap Agreement Price 
determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date and (ii) the sum of all Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 
1.4.6(A)) received up to (and including) the first date of such Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A));  
 
Calculation Period means (a) for the first Calculation Period, the period from (and including) the Related Agreement Price 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the first day on which Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) is received and (b) 
for each successive Calculation Period, the period from (and including) the date on which Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 
1.4.6(A)) is received to (but excluding) the next following day on which Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(A)) is received 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner) provided that the last Calculation Period shall 
end on the Maturity Date.  
 
or,  
 
B. if one or more Bond Event Determination Date(s) has occurred after the Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, with a minimum of zero, based on (a) the sum of (i) the Cash 
Redemption Amount and (ii) (x) any interest, coupons or other sums analogous to interest received between the Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date and the Bond Event Determination Date by or on behalf of a holder of one Bond net of any withholding tax, 
duty or expenses and costs (including, without limitation, balance sheet costs) as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner converted if necessary into the Specified Currency of the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange 
Rate on the Maturity Date (expressed as a percentage of the denomination of the Bond), multiplied by (y) the Specified Denomination

--- Page 233 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
233 
of the Note (the Bond Interest) and (iii) (x) the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by (y) the Swap Agreement Price (such 
amount being positive or negative) determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date together with (b) interest (which 
may be a positive or a negative amount) that would have accrued on the Calculation Amount over the Calculation Period pursuant to 
the Compounding Method.  
 
For the purpose of determining the interest pursuant to the provisions of the Compounding Method:  
 
Calculation Amount shall be equal (a) for the first Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)), to the Specified 
Denomination of the Note multiplied by the Swap Agreement Price determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date 
and (b) for each Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) excluding the first Calculation Period (as defined in this 
Condition 1.4.6(B)), to the sum of (i) (A) the Specified Denomination of the Note multiplied by (B) the Swap Agreement Price 
determined on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date and (ii) the sum of all Bond Interest (as defined in this Condition 
1.4.6(B)) received up to (and including) the first date of such Calculation Period (as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)).  
 
Calculation Period means (a) for the first Calculation Period, the period from (and including) the Related Agreement Price 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Bond Final Value Determination Date and the first day on which Bond Interest 
(as defined in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) is received (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner) and (b) for each successive Calculation Period, the period from (and including) the date on which Bond Interest (as defined 
in this Condition 1.4.6(B)) is received to (but excluding) the earlier of the Bond Final Value Determination Date and the next following 
day on which Bond Interest is received (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner).  
 
2. DEFINITIONS  
 
Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event means “No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event” or “Accrued Interest upon Bond Event” or 
“Guaranteed Coupon” as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
“Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “Accrued Interest upon Bond Event”.  
 
Affected Bond has the meaning given to it in Part 2 Condition 1.4.5.  
 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity 
or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.  
 
American Settlement means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” 
is stated as being “American Settlement”.  
 
Auction Period means the number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each being a Quotation Day) immediately 
following and excluding the Third Quotation Day as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Bond means each of the Fiduciary Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Bond Acceleration means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, early redemption or other similar condition or 
event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date).  
 
Bond Change in Law Event means as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date (i) the adoption of any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction).  
 
Bond Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the currency in which the Bond is 
denominated.  
 
Bond Default means in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or 
event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date), 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond.  
 
Bond Early Redemption means in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the Bond other than in accordance with its 
terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of the Bond for tax reasons in accordance with its terms and conditions, (iii) an early 
redemption of the Bond at, below or above par in accordance with its terms and conditions or (iv) any other early redemption and/or 
early repayment of the Bond in accordance with its terms and conditions, including, without limitation, any partial or total call of the 
Bonds by the Bond Issuer.  
 
Bond Event means in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in the Bond Event Notice, the 
occurrence during the period from and including the First Bond Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event 
Occurrence Date of one or more of Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, Bond 
Governmental Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the result of a Bond 
Change in Law Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 234 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
234 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:  
 
(a) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond;  
 
(b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Bond;  
 
(c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or  
 
(d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described.  
 
A Bond Event need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date.  
 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of a Bond Event, the day during the Notice Delivery Period on which a Bond 
Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Noteholders.  
 
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notice (including Succession Event Information, if any) that is effective during the Notice 
Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders that describes a Bond Event that occurred on or prior to 
the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Bond Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being limited by any confidentiality restrictions, 
applicable laws, rules or regulations binding on the Fiduciary and/or the Calculation Agent). The Bond Event that is the subject of a 
Bond Event Notice need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.  
 
Bond Failure to Pay means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payment under a 
Bond, provided that such failure is not remedied on or before the third Business Day (included) immediately following the relevant 
scheduled payment date, notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond at the time of 
such failure.  
For the avoidance of doubt, such failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payment under a Bond shall include 
(but is not limited to) any payment deferral due to (i) the own funds regulatory capital (or, if different, whatever the terminology 
employed to denote such concept by the then applicable supervisory regulations) of the Bond Issuer being not sufficient to cover its 
capital requirements (including, the applicable solvency capital requirement or the applicable minimum capital requirement) or any 
applicable capital requirements for internationally active insurance groups whichever occurs earlier; or (ii) the relevant supervisory 
authority having notified the Bond Issuer that it has determined, in view of the financial condition of the Bond Issuer, that in accordance 
with the then applicable supervisory regulations at such time, the Bond Issuer must take specified action in relation to payments under 
the Bond. 
 
Bond Final Price means, in respect of a Bond, a quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) obtained from 
Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. The Calculation Agent will determine, based on the then current market practice, 
whether such quotations will include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations will be obtained in accordance with this 
determination. The Calculation Agent will determine from the Full Quotations, the Weighted Average Quotation, the Partial Weighted 
Average Quotation or the Residual Quotation Amount (each as defined below), the Bond Final Price. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Bond Final Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is based on obtained Quotations, without any obligation by the Calculation 
Agent to actually realise any sale transaction in relation to such Quotations.  
 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable on the relevant 
day at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time or 11.00 a.m. New York time or 11.00 a.m. in any other leading market where the 
liquidity of such Bond may be better, as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent, may on 
the First Quotation Day and if applicable, on the Second Quotation Day, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
whether to request (i) at least one Full Quotation and/or (ii) several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a 
Weighted Average Quotation.  
 
To such end:  
 
(i) if the Calculation Agent obtains at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on the First Quotation Day, 
the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the 
Calculation Agent;  
 
(ii) if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least one Full Quotation or to determine a Weighted Average Quotation on the First 
Quotation Day, the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on 
the Second Quotation Day, and the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average 
Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation Agent;  
 
(iii) if the Calculation Agent obtains quotations for an aggregate amount lower than the Quotation Amount on the Second Quotation 
Day, then on the Third Quotation Day it will attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish 
a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to establish on the Third Quotation Day a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual 
Quotation Amount, it will, until obtaining a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation

--- Page 235 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
235 
Amount, on each Quotation Day during the Auction Period, attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in 
order to establish a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. For the 
avoidance of doubt, once a Partial Weighted Average Quotation is obtained on either the Third Quotation Day or on any Quotation 
Day in the Auction Period there will be no obligation on the Calculation Agent to seek a further Partial Weighted Average Quotation. 
The Bond Final Price will then be the weighted average of (i) the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day (if any) 
and (ii) the Partial Weighted Average Quotation (if any) for the portion equal to the Residual Quotation Amount and (iii) the value 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and for the avoidance of doubt this value can be 
zero for any remaining amount for which no quotation was obtained.  
 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest means, in respect of a Quotation:  
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Price Accrued Interest” is stated as being “Excluding Accrued 
Interest”:  
 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond 
Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so 
that it is a “clean” price, excluding accrued but unpaid interest.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Price Accrued Interest” is stated as being “Including Accrued 
Interest”:  
 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond 
Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so 
that it is a “dirty” or “all in” price, including accrued but unpaid interest.  
 
Bond Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying:  
 
(i) The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred and the Bond Final 
Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred each as of the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date;  
 
(ii) the Cash Redemption Amount (being the Early Redemption Amount under General Condition 6.7.1 (Redemption following a Bond 
Event Determination Date); and  
 
(iii) the Cash Redemption Date (being the Early Redemption Date under General Condition 6.7.1 (Redemption following a Bond Event 
Determination Date).  
 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 10th Business Day 
following the Bond Final Value Determination Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Bond Final Valuation Notice on behalf 
of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Noteholders.  
 
Bond Final Value means, in respect of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, either:  
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Fixed Recovery”:  
 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Floating Recovery”:  
 
The percentage determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
 
(i) the Bond Final Price;  
 
(ii) plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the Bond which would have been paid to the holders of the Bond under the 
Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage of the Bond 
Notional Amount;  
 
(iii) plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), calculated using a method similar to that used 
to determine the Bond Final Price, of any securities which would have been delivered to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as 
of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
(iv) minus the Valuation Hedging Cost;  
 
(v) minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bond as in force and effect 
as of the Issue Date (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) which is still unpaid at the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent and to a maximum of 100 per cent.  
 
Bond Final Value Determination Date means:

--- Page 236 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
236 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Fixed Recovery”:  
 
The date on which the Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Noteholders.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is stated as being “Floating Recovery”:  
 
The date on which the Bond Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Bond Governmental Intervention means, with respect to one or more Bonds, that any one or more of the following events occurs 
as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is 
binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond:  
 
(i) any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:  
 
(A) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination);  
 
(B) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination);  
 
(C) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal 
or premium; or  
 
(D) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination of such obligation to 
any other obligation of the Bond Issuer;  
 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Bond;  
 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or  
 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition.  
 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as defined in Part 
2 Condition 3) in relation to the Bond Issuer.  
 
Bond Issuer means the Bond Issuer (or its Successor), specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Bond Notional Amount means on the Issue Date the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms and thereafter as such 
amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes.  
 
Bond Restructuring means that:  
 
(a) with respect to each Bond, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds any holders of such Bond (including, 
in each case, by way of an exchange), whether or not such event is expressly provided for or not under the terms of such Bond in 
effect as of the later of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the date as of which such Bond is issued or incurred:  
 
(i) any amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond would be reduced or paid in or exchanged into another form 
due to any Bond Change in Law Event;  
 
(ii) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals initially provided for;  
 
(iii) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates initially provided for;  
 
(iv) a postponement, suspension or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment 
of principal or premium;  
 
(v) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination of such obligation to 
any other obligation of the Bond Issuer;  
 
(vi) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any other currency; or  
 
(vii) any variation of the terms of the Bond.  
 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the following will not constitute a Bond Restructuring: the payment in euro of interest 
or principal in relation to a Bond denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union.  
 
Breakage Cost Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, as at a day selected by the Calculation Agent falling 
in the same period used to determine the Related Agreement Price Determination Date, and expressed as a percentage of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes, equal to the costs (if positive) or gains (if negative) of the Fiduciary in terminating the 
Securities Lending Agreement and, if any, in terminating the Collateral Transfer Agreement with the Related Agreement Counterparty,

--- Page 237 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
237 
including the costs or gains of Societe Generale of unwinding any hedging arrangement(s) in relation to the refinancing of the Bond 
and/or the Collateral Assets (if any), in all cases after accounting for any related fees or expenses.  
 
Business Days means the days specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, it means, in respect of any city, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in that city. 
  
Cash Redemption Amount means the maximum of zero and an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: Specified Denomination x Max[Bond Final Value – Swap Agreement Price – Breakage Cost Amount: 0].  
 
Cash Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day:  
 
((a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “American Settlement”: 
  
The day that is four Payment Business Days following the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European Settlement”:  
 
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Bond Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date.  
 
European Settlement means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” 
is stated as being “European Settlement”.  
 
Excluding Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated according to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest.  
 
Extension Date means the fourth Business Day following the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date.  
 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
First Quotation Day means the first day the Calculation Agent attempts to obtain Full Quotations (such day falling no later than 20 
Business Days or the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the Bond Event Determination Date).  
 
Fixed Recovery means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is 
stated as being “Fixed Recovery: [•] per cent.”.  
 
Floating Recovery means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Bond Final Value” is 
stated as being “Floating Recovery”.  
 
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation Amount.  
 
Governmental Authority means:  
 
(i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);  
 
(ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or  
 
(iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above.  
 
Guaranteed Coupon means in respect of Repack Notes that the Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event in the applicable Final Terms 
is specified as “Guaranteed Coupon”.  
 
Hedge Positions means as defined in General Condition 6.5.4 of Part 1 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, provided 
that for the purposes of Part 2, Hedge Positions will be deemed to include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and Optional Hedge 
Positions (if any).  
 
Including Accrued Interest means that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated according to paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest.  
 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
Maturity Date means a day that is a Payment Business Day:  
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “American Settlement”:  
 
In respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, the earlier of the dates set out in (i) and (ii) below:

--- Page 238 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
238 
(i) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Maturity Date); or  
 
(ii) the Cash Redemption Date if a Bond Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period.  
 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Cash Redemption Date may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date and in such case the Maturity Date of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date.  
 
OR  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European Settlement”:  
 
The later of the dates set out in paragraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above.  
 
No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event means, in respect of Repack Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
“Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event” is stated as being “No Accrued Interest upon Bond Event”.  
 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Extension Date.  
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Bond Event Notice, an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf 
of the Fiduciary that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Bond Event, described in the Bond Event 
Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If a 
Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information.  
 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of the Third Quotation Day and, if 
relevant, the Auction Period, the weighted average of the firm bid quotation(s) requested by the Calculation Agent for the Residual 
Quotation Amount and obtained from the Quotation Dealers on the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, during the Auction Period, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are equal to or greater than the 
Residual Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the Residual Quotation Amount, 
the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid 
quotations shall be equal to the Residual Quotation Amount.  
 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Bond Event, as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice, has occurred and which:  
 
(a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
 or  
 
(b) is information received from or published by:  
 
(i) a Bond Issuer (or if the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); or  
 
(ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond; or  
 
(c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; or  
 
(d) is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA.  
 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.  
 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the party receiving such information 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
  
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (a) is the result of exceeding any applicable 
grace period, or (b) has met any subjective criteria specified in a Bond Event.  
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such source is 
specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Bond Issuer is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).  
 
Quotations means a Full Quotation, a Weighted Average Quotation or a Partial Weighted Average Quotation, as the case may be.

--- Page 239 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
239 
 
Quotation Amount means an amount equal to the Bond Notional Amount, in respect of Single Bond Repack Notes (for the avoidance 
of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted Average Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be greater than the 
Bond Notional Amount).  
 
Quotation Dealers means at least three leading dealers in bonds of the type of the Bond for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date means:  
 
(i) if a Bond Event Determination Date, but no Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, has occurred, the day selected by the Calculation 
Agent falling in the period from and including the Bond Event Determination Date to and including the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date but no later than the date falling 1 Business Day (as defined in Part 1 - General Provisions) prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
(ii) if a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date has occurred, the first Business Day after such date on which the Calculation Agent is 
able, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to determine the Swap Agreement Price provided that in such circumstances a 
Related Agreement Price Determination Date may not occur after the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after a Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date, the Related 
Agreement Price Determination Date shall not be affected by such occurrence and will remain the date determined in accordance 
with this paragraph. A Repack Notes Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date.  
 
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Note bears to the total number of Notes outstanding.  
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.5.4.  
 
Repack Note means a Note in respect of which (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are Repack Notes and (ii) the 
General Terms and Conditions of Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions apply.  
 
Residual Quotation Amount means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to the difference between the 
Quotation Amount (such Quotation Amount being subject for the purposes of this definition to a deemed cap of the Bond Notional 
Amount) and the aggregate amount of the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day.  
 
Second Quotation Day means the Business Day following the First Quotation Day.  
 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Single Bond Repack Note means a Repack Note indexed on one Bond for which the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Type of Repack Notes" is stated as being "Single Bond Repack Notes".  
 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof.  
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not specified, two).  
 
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to which such 
Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation are required to be satisfied 
prior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled 
to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears 
or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared 
(x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall 
be taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign and (y) the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which the Bond was issued and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.  
 
succeed means, for the purposes of determining a Successor, with respect to a Bond Issuer and its related obligations with respect 
to a Bond, that a party other than such Bond Issuer assumes or becomes liable for such obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, 
concord, entente, pact or other agreement) and such Bond Issuer is no longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with 
respect to such obligations.  
 
Succession Event means:  
 
(a) with respect to a Bond Issuer that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets 
or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by 
operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or  
 
(b) with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, 
consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Bond Issuer.

--- Page 240 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
240 
 
Succession Event Information means information about the occurrence of a Succession Event that occurred on or after the issue 
date of the Bond with a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of (a) the Succession Event or the 
change of name of the Bond Issuer that has occurred and (b) the identity of any Successor or, as applicable, the name of the Bond 
Issuer. Such Succession Event Information may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the office of the Calculation Agent, 
and will be notified as part of a Bond Event Notice (if any) by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders.  
 
Successor means with respect to a Bond, the entity who succeeds to the obligations of the Bond Issuer as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event on the basis of Publicly 
Available Information.  
 
With respect to a Sovereign Bond Issuer, Successor means each entity which becomes a direct or indirect successor to such Bond 
Issuer by way of a Succession Event, irrespective of whether any such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Bond Issuer.  
 
Swap Agreement Price means an amount, which maybe positive or negative, equal to the termination amount payable under the 
Swap Agreement (including any costs relating to hedging the credit risk of the Bond Issuer) in the Specified Currency (if necessary 
using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on such date), determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Related Agreement Price 
Determination Date, and expressed as a percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. It will be negative if Societe 
Generale has to pay such amount to the Fiduciary and positive if the Fiduciary has to pay such amount to Societe Generale.  
 
Third Quotation Day means the Business Day following the Second Quotation Day.  
 
Unsettled Bond Event means, with respect to a Bond, that a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but the corresponding Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred on or immediately prior to the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “American Settlement”:  
 
In respect of Single Bond Repack Notes, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Cash Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and in such a case the Maturity Date of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Settlement Type” is stated as being “European Settlement”:  
 
In the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Cash Redemption Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date and in such a case 
the Maturity Date of the Notes will be the Cash Redemption Date.  
 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Bond, the direct and duly documented cost (expressed in the Specified Currency of 
the Notes using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent), if any, 
borne by the Fiduciary, the Fiduciary’s hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the 
determination of the Bond Final Price, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount.  
 
Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained 
from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate 
are equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount. PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the Quotation 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm 
bid quotations shall be equal to the Quotation Amount.  
 
3. DEFINITIONS IN RELATION TO THE BOND ISSUER ISDA EVENT  
 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity 
or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned.  
 
Bankruptcy means a Bond Issuer:  
 
(A) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
 
(B) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due;  
 
(C) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective;  
 
(D) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;  
 
(E) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 241 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
241 
(F) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets;  
 
(G) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; 
or  
 
(H) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events specified in this definition of Bankruptcy.  
 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note 
(other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money.  
 
Bond Issuer has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms.  
 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).  
 
Buyer means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation.  
 
Confirmation means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more documents and other confirming evidence 
exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective, which taken together, confirm or evidence all of the terms of that Credit 
Derivative Transaction.  
 
Credit Derivatives Transaction means any transaction that is identified in the related Confirmation as a Credit Derivative Transaction 
or any transaction that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.  
 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the related 
Confirmation.  
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:  
 
(A) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying 
Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;  
 
(B) any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any 
Underlying Obligation, however described;  
 
(C) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or  
 
(D) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described.  
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes 
of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event) in connection 
with Credit Derivative Transactions as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
  
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.  
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit 
Derivatives Transaction (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
 
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.  
 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or 
sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, title and interest to the Seller as more fully described in the Definitions. Delivery and 
Delivered will be construed accordingly.

--- Page 242 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
242 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, 
more than 50% owned, directly or indirectly, by the Bond Issuer.  
 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure.  
 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Bond Issuer in respect of some 
or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference 
to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).  
 
Governmental Authority means:  
 
(i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);  
 
(ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or  
 
(iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above.  
 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation:  
 
(i) any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause:  
 
(A) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination);  
 
(B) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination);  
 
(C) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal 
or premium; or  
 
(D) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation;  
 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation;  
 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or  
 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition.   
 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee.  
 
Grace Period means:  
 
(A) subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred;  
 
(B) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the 
related Confirmation, or if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and  
 
(C) if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with 
respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination 
Date.  
 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not 
so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks

--- Page 243 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
243 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency.  
 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation and (b) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period 
after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If Grace Period Extension is not specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, 
Grace Period Extension shall not apply to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction.  
 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.  
 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is documented by a term loan agreement, 
revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money.  
 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is 
held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to 
satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder Obligation.  
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is applicable to a Credit 
Derivative Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information.  
 
Notifying Party means "Buyer or Seller" unless otherwise specified in the related Confirmation.  
 
Obligation means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) of the Bond Issuer (either directly or as provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of money (including, without limitation, Borrowed Money), including for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Reference Obligation.  
 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
  
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated.  
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have become 
capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations.  
 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit 
Derivatives Transaction (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay 
or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable).  
 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee of such 
Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same 
terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Bond Issuer to the same single 
transferee.  
 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations.  
 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium.  
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or regulation), pursuant 
to which the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law).  
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
 
(i) which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form); or

--- Page 244 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
244 
 
(ii) pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer can be discharged, released, 
reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case 
other than:  
 
(a) by payment; 
  
(b) by way of Permitted Transfer;  
 
(c) by operation of law;  
 
(d) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or  
 
(e) due to:  
 
(A) provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the related Confirmation; or  
 
(B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation.  
 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other 
alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the 
time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation.  
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee:  
 
(i) the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and  
 
(ii) if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee.  
 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer in respect of an Underlying Obligation of 
a Downstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer.  
 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the related Confirmation.  
 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee.  
 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised officer of the Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll 
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date.  
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration 
date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.  
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied:  
 
(A) if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Transaction has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or  
 
(B) otherwise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice 
of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the related Confirmation, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date.

--- Page 245 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
245 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being 
satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Transaction with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
Bond Issuer but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date.  
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that describes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the 
subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice is effective.  
 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed accordingly.  
 
Restructuring means that:  
 
(A) with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one 
or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in 
each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the credit event backstop date in accordance with the Definitions and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred:  
 
(1) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination);  
 
(2) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination);  
 
(3) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal 
or premium;  
 
(4) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; or  
 
(5) any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).  
 
(B) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the following will constitute a Restructuring:  
 
(1) the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of 
the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;  
 
(2) the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority 
and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion;  
 
(3) the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above, due to an 
administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and  
 
(4) the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Bond Issuer, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Bond Issuer is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.  
 
(C) For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Bond Issuer.

--- Page 246 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
246 
(D) If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above 
has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange.  
 
(E) Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the related Confirmation, then, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above 
shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation.  
 
Seller means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation.  
 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to which such 
obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied 
prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or 
retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise 
in default under the First Obligation, as more fully described in the Definitions.  
 
Scheduled Termination Date means the date specified as such in the related Confirmation.  
 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Bond Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder to 
be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier.  
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee.  
 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the Fiduciary in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of 
a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation.  
 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of 
an entity.

--- Page 247 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
247 
 
 
PART 3 – FIDUCIARY ASSETS PROVISIONS  
 
This "Part 3 - Fiduciary Assets Provisions " of the General Terms and Conditions (Part 3) shall apply to all Series of Notes issued by 
the Fiduciary.  
 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Terms and Conditions of Part 1 – General Provisions and the ones of this Part 
3, the General Terms and Conditions of this Part 3 shall prevail.  
 
References in this Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions to a "Condition herein" are references to the relevant General Terms and 
Conditions of this Part 3 – Fiduciary Assets Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions. References to a "General Condition" 
are to a Condition of Part 1 General Provisions of the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Accelerated Note has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 herein.  
 
Breakage Cost Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein. 
  
Close-out Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Arrangements Agreements has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 herein.  
 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the BNY 
Disposal Agent.  
 
Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Assets Entitlement where "Type of Notes" is specified as "Secured Notes" and "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.8 herein.  
 
Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.  
 
Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Paris, London and Luxembourg, and any 
other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Collateral Delivery Date where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, has 
the meaning given to it in Condition 9.8 herein.  
 
Collateral Disruption Event means any of the following events:  
 
(i) the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or any of its affiliates considers, in its sole and absolute discretion that:  
 
(a) it is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints (including, without limitation, any laws, 
regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the market 
or otherwise, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to obtain Eligible Collateral Assets; or (B) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option 
contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or  
 
(b) it would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date on which the issue of Notes is first 
priced) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow, substitute, or dispose of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction entered into by the Related Agreement Counterparty and/or any of its affiliates in 
connection with the Collateral Assets or (C) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Collateral Assets; or  
 
(ii) the Fiduciary is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute or replacement Collateral 
Arrangement Party following the termination of the relevant agreement or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral 
Arrangement Party; or  
 
(iii) at the end of any Required Settlement Period, the transfer of the relevant Collateral Assets has not been settled as a result of 
Collateral Settlement Disruption.  
 
Collateral Liquidation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Liquidation Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 herein.

--- Page 248 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
248 
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Ratio has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
Collateral Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2.1 herein.  
 
Collateral Settlement Disruption has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 herein.  
 
Collateral Test has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein. The Collateral Test that is applicable to the Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Collateral Test Date means each periodic date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any other date deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date in accordance with this Part 3.  
 
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 5 herein.  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate means, unless "Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the exchange rate in respect of the Collateral Valuation Currency displayed on 
the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page at the Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is not available, 
the Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate shall be the rate determined by the Collateral Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If "Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate shall be the predetermined rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein. 
  
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.  
 
Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.1 herein.  
 
CTA Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein. 
  
Deliver where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, means, in respect of any 
Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking 
any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset free and clear of any and all liens, 
charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly.  
 
Dispute Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Early Exchange Amount A has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.  
 
Early Exchange Amount B has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.  
 
Eligibility Criteria has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2.1.2 herein.  
 
Eligible Collateral Assets means any assets which satisfy the Collateral Rules specified in Condition 3.2.1 herein including the 
Eligibility Criteria as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the satisfaction of the following additional criteria:  
(i) the delivery or deposit of any such securities, or financial instruments to or with the Fiduciary, or by the Fiduciary to or with a third 
party, or the holding thereof by or on behalf of the Fiduciary would not require or cause the Fiduciary to assume, and would not subject 
the Fiduciary to, any obligation or liability (other than immaterial, non-payment obligations); and  
(ii) in the case of any security or financial instrument, it is not subject to an event of default (howsoever described) which is continuing 
on the relevant date of delivery.  
 
Fiduciary Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.  
 
Fiduciary Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1 herein. 
  
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 herein.

--- Page 249 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
249 
Fiduciary Event has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.6.1.  
 
Fiduciary Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.  
 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.  
 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.  
 
Final Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.8 herein.  
 
Final Required Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage amount by which the value of each Collateral 
Asset in the Collateral Pool is discounted, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and as detailed in Condition 4.2.1 herein.  
 
Initial Swap Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.1 herein.  
 
Income has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.3.2 herein.  
 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or 
similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities shall be 
construed accordingly).  
 
Liquidation Event Redemption Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
Loaned Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 herein.  
 
Margined Parties means the parties referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (i) (inclusive) of the definition of Standard Order of Priority 
(each, a Margined Party).  
 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.2 herein.  
 
Non-Waived Notes means those Notes which are not Waived Notes.  
 
Note Market Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 herein.  
 
Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets means, if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, that the BNY Disposal Agent or the SG Disposal Agent, as applicable, will not cause the Collateral Assets to be sold 
(unless there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than in order to pay any amounts payable to the 
Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) but instead the Collateral Custodian or the Principal Paying Agent, acting at the direction of the BNY Disposal Agent or 
the SG Disposal Agent, as applicable, will Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Noteholder in the manner set out in 
Condition 9.8 of this Part 3.  
 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, any event beyond the control of the Fiduciary, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the BNY Disposal Agent or the SG Disposal Agent as applicable, as a result of which the relevant Clearing System (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms) cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement required to be delivered pursuant 
to the terms of this Part 3.  
 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice means a post dispute Collateral Test Notice sent by the Collateral Agent following the conclusion 
of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure. A Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same way and shall 
provide the same information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice.  
 
Related Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.  
 
Related Agreement Counterparty means Societe Generale unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Related Agreement Counterparty Event has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.6.2 herein.  
 
Removed Fiduciary Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.1.3 herein. 
  
Required Collateral Assets Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.2.2 herein.

--- Page 250 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
250 
 
Required Collateral Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.4 herein. 
  
Required Fiduciary Securities Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2.2.2 herein.  
 
Required Settlement Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 herein.  
 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6 herein.  
 
Single Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.1.1 herein.  
 
Standard Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4 herein.  
 
Swap Close-out Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4.2.2 herein.  
 
Valuation Point means, in respect of any Collateral Test Date in respect of each Series of Notes, the Collateral Business Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Collateral Test Date, or, if a valuation of any Collateral Asset is not available on such date, the 
date of the last available date on which a valuation of such Collateral Asset was available.  
 
Waived Note means if "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, certain Noteholders intending to 
hold any such Note (including but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may waive their rights by written notice to receive 
the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Series of Notes (or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Liquidation Event.  
 
2. DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS AGREEMENTS  
 
The following description of the Collateral Arrangements Agreements which the Fiduciary has entered into consist of a summary of 
provisions of the Collateral Arrangements Agreements which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of such 
Collateral Arrangements Agreements. The following summary of such Collateral Arrangements Agreements does not purport to be 
complete and prospective investors must refer to the Collateral Arrangements Agreements for detailed information regarding the 
Collateral Arrangements Agreements.  
 
The Fiduciary has concluded a Collateral Agency Agreement, a Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, a Collateral Custody 
Agreement and Disposal Agency Agreements, each as defined below, together being referred to as the Collateral Arrangements 
Agreements.  
 
2.1 Collateral Agency Agreement  
 
Pursuant to a collateral agency agreement (the Collateral Agency Agreement) concluded between, inter alia, the Fiduciary and 
Societe Generale or any successor thereto acting as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent) and as note valuation agent (the Note 
Valuation Agent):  
 
(i) the Collateral Agent shall render collateral agency services to the Fiduciary with respect to the selection, acquisition and 
modification of and adjustments to the composition of the Collateral Assets and will calculate on the Issue Date of each Series of 
Notes and on each Collateral Test Date thereafter the Collateral Value as set out in this Part 3; and  
 
(ii) in case of Secured Notes or if "Notes Market Value Test" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Repack Notes, the Note Valuation Agent will calculate the Note Market Value and will provide such value to the Collateral Agent and 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent.  
 
Note Market Value determined by the Note Valuation Agent can differ from the "Market Value" determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with General Condition 6.3 and from the price proposed, as the case may be, by Societe Generale or any affiliate of 
Societe Generale or any other entities acting as market maker on the secondary market for a Note.  
 
2.2 Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement  
 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral monitoring agency agreement (the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement) between, inter 
alia, the Fiduciary and The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV, Dublin Branch acting as collateral monitoring agent or any successor 
thereto (the Collateral Monitoring Agent), the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on each Collateral Test Date, verify the calculations 
made by the Collateral Agent of the Collateral Value and the Required Collateral Assets Value and verify that the Collateral Test is 
satisfied.  
 
2.3 Collateral Custody Agreement  
 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral custody agreement (the Collateral Custody Agreement) between, inter alia, the Fiduciary and 
the Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch acting as collateral custodian or any successor thereto (the Collateral 
Custodian), the Collateral Custodian will hold the Fiduciary Accounts opened in its books in the name of the Fiduciary.  
 
2.4 Disposal Agency Agreements

--- Page 251 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
251 
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement governed by English law (the SG Disposal Agency Agreement), concluded between the 
Fiduciary, the Collateral Custodian and Societe Generale as initial noteholder (the Initial Noteholder), and as disposal agent (the SG 
Disposal Agent), SG Disposal Agent will act as disposal agent up to the receipt by the SG Disposal Agent of a Collateral Liquidation 
Notice. Upon receipt by the SG Disposal Agent of a Collateral Liquidation Notice its appointment shall terminate forthwith.  
 
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement governed by English law (the BNY Disposal Agency Agreement) concluded between 
Societe Generale as initial noteholder (the Initial Noteholder), the Fiduciary and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as 
disposal agent (the BNY Disposal Agent), the BNY Disposal Agent will act as disposal agent following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Liquidation Event. In such circumstances, the BNY Disposal Agent will enforce the liquidation of the Collateral Pool following receipt 
of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, and will liquidate or realize the Collateral Assets and distribute the Collateral Assets Liquidation 
Proceeds or, in the case of Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets, deliver the Collateral Assets, to the Noteholders. 
  
3. DESCRIPTION OF THE FIDUCIARY ASSETS AND RELATED CASH FLOWS  
 
3.1 General  
 
The Fiduciary will meet its obligations to pay the relevant amounts it is due to pay in respect of the Notes of each Series collateralised 
by a particular Collateral Pool, including, without limitation, the Collateral Assets held in the Fiduciary Account (as defined below) 
established with the Collateral Custodian in relation to that Collateral Pool, using the payments it receives from the obligors of the 
Fiduciary Assets and from the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Related Agreements for that Series.  
 
The Fiduciary Assets have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable 
under the Notes. Investors are advised that this confirmation is based on the information available to the Fiduciary at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and may be affected by the future performance of such assets backing the issue of the Notes. Investors are advised 
to review carefully any disclosure in the Base Prospectus together with any amendments or supplements thereto. 
  
The Fiduciary Assets comprise from time to time:  
 
(i) the Collateral Assets;  
 
(ii) subject to General Condition 3.2, the rights of the Fiduciary as holder of the Collateral Assets and all funds relating to such 
Collateral Assets, sums and/or property derived therefrom or into which such Collateral Assets are exchanged or converted; and  
 
(iii) all rights of the Fiduciary under the Related Agreements.  
 
The obligors in respect of the Fiduciary Assets and the Related Agreement Counterparty are referred to as the Fiduciary Asset 
Obligors, and each a Fiduciary Asset Obligor.  
 
3.2 Collateral Assets  
 
Assets held in an account (a Fiduciary Account) opened in the books of the Collateral Custodian in the name of the Fiduciary for 
the purpose of holding the collateral assets comprising a Collateral Pool are referred to as Collateral Assets. The Collateral Assets 
held in a Fiduciary Account are referred to as the Collateral Pool.  
The account number of the Fiduciary Account will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Collateral Pool comprises from time to time the following Collateral Assets:  
 
(i) the Fiduciary Securities, as defined below;  
 
(ii) the CTA Collateral Assets (if any); and  
 
(iii) any non-invested cash and cash distributions received by the Fiduciary in respect of the Fiduciary Securities or CTA Collateral 
Assets.  
 
Fiduciary Securities means the securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms purchased by the Fiduciary from the 
Related Agreement Counterparty on the Issue Date or by the Related Agreement Counterparty directly in the market in the name and 
for the account of the Fiduciary pursuant to the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement subject, where Fiduciary Securities 
Substitution is applicable, to adjustment from time to time. The Fiduciary Securities may be:  
 
(i) loaned by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement and become Loaned 
Securities; or  
 
(ii) transferred with full title to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement which may be 
transferred with full title by the Related Agreement Counterparty back to the Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement 
in order to collateralise the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities 
borrowed from the Fiduciary; and 
  
(iii) pursuant to the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, sold back to the Related Agreement Counterparty or sold by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty directly in the market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary and other Fiduciary Securities 
purchased.

--- Page 252 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
252 
In all cases, the Fiduciary Securities will comply with the Collateral Rules.  
Any of such Fiduciary Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities Lending Agreement or the Collateral Transfer Agreement and are not held in the Fiduciary Account shall continue to 
constitute Fiduciary Securities. 
  
For the avoidance of doubt, at any time, any Loaned Securities pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement, and any 
Fiduciary Securities transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty as collateral pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer 
Agreement, shall not constitute Collateral Assets.  
 
CTA Collateral Assets means any Eligible Collateral Assets transferred by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary 
pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
3.2.1 Collateral Rules  
 
The Collateral Assets comprised in the Collateral Pool must comply with the Collateral Rules to constitute Eligible Collateral Assets 
from (and including) the time that they are first delivered to the Fiduciary up to (but excluding) the earlier of the Maturity Date and the 
Early Redemption of the Notes.  
The Collateral Rules means:  
 
- the General Collateral Rules,  
 
- the Eligibility Criteria specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and  
 
- if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Diversification Criteria Rules.  
 
Save as required by the Collateral Rules including the applicable Eligibility Criteria, there is no restriction on the identity, the general 
characteristics or the economic environment of the obligor, the governing law of such securities and the type of securities that may 
be held in the Collateral Account of the Collateral Pool from time to time.  
 
3.2.1.1 General Collateral Rules  
 
The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with the following rules (the General Collateral Rules):  
 
(i) if the Collateral Assets comprise obligations of 5 or fewer obligors or are guaranteed by 5 or fewer persons or where an obligor or 
entity guaranteeing the obligations accounts for 20 per cent or more of the assets (which may include obligor(s) accounting for 20 per 
cent or more of the assets comprised in the Collateral Assets or entity(ies) guaranteeing the obligations), then all such obligors (or 
guarantor(s) of such obligors) must have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) or equivalent third country market or SME growth market or the obligations must be guaranteed 
by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of MiFID II or equivalent third country market or SME growth 
market;  
 
(ii) no Collateral Asset may be secured on or backed by real property;  
 
(iii) if the Collateral Assets comprise equity securities (including but not limited to, Exchange Traded Fund shares or units, hedge 
funds shares or units, mutual funds shares or units, options and warrants), at least 90% of such equity securities comprised in the 
Collateral Pool must be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of MiFID II or equivalent third country market or 
SME growth market;  
 
(iv) the issuer or obligor of the asset shall be incorporated in an OECD member country; and  
 
(v) the issuer or obligor of the asset is a legal entity.  
 
3.2.1.2 Eligibility Criteria  
 
The Eligibility Criteria means any of the following eligibility criteria specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(i) if “Type of Notes” is specified as “Repack Notes”;  
 
- the Bond described in the applicable Final Terms in “Annex for Fiduciary Securities”;  
 
- if Fiduciary Securities Substitution is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms: on the substitution, bonds (including 
notes, certificated debt securities and other debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) the country which issued the Bond or (ii) an 
issuer incorporated in the jurisdiction of the country which issued the Bond and with an equivalent Rating (as determined by the 
Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) if available or if no such equivalent Rating is available, an equivalent credit risk (as determined 
by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion) and to the extent that the Collateral Agent determines (in its sole discretion) to be 
practicable issued by entities incorporated or resident in the same jurisdiction. Rating means the rating assigned by the three rating 
agencies Moody’s Investor Service, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. and Fitch Ratings or any 
of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken 
into consideration; and

--- Page 253 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
253 
(ii) if Secured Notes or, in case of Repack Notes if the “Collateral Test” is specified as “Note Market Value Test”, then any of the 
following Eligibility Criteria, or any combination thereof, as specified in the Final Terms:   
 
 
Eligibility Criteria 1  
Any assets that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the 
coordination 
of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative 
provisions 
relating 
to 
undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities and as transposed 
under French law in the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier as applicable as of the 
Issue Date of the Notes).  
Eligibility Criteria 2  
Any assets that are eligible to be included in 
the assets of an Undertaking for Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities 
complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 
2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the 
coordination 
of 
laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative 
provisions 
relating 
to 
undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities and as transposed 
under French law in the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier as applicable as of the 
Issue Date of the Notes). Bonds with a rating 
lower than B-, asset backed securities (ABS) 
and non UCITS hedge funds shares, are 
excluded from the scope of the Eligible 
Collateral Assets.  
Eligibility Criteria 3  
Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a rating higher 
than B-, hedge funds shares or mutual funds 
shares.  
Eligibility Criteria 4  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
Republic of France by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service 
(Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or 
by Fitch Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 5  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
Republic of Italy by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) 
(or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if 
no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or 
Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 6  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
Republic of Spain by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) 
(or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if 
no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or 
Moody’s).

--- Page 254 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
254 
Eligibility Criteria 7  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
Kingdom of Belgium by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service 
(Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or 
by Fitch Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 8  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
United Kingdom by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) 
(or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) if 
no rating is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch 
Ratings if no rating is assigned by S&P or 
Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 9  
Any security that is issued or guaranteed by a 
Governmental Authority with a rating equal to 
or higher than the rating assigned to the 
republic of Germany by Standard & Poor's 
Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
(S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service 
(Moody's) if no rating is assigned by S&P, or 
by Fitch Ratings if no rating is assigned by 
S&P or Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 10  
- Sovereign debt securities (bonds or bills) 
issued by the government of the United 
Kingdom; and/or,  
- Equities comprised in the FTSE 100 Index (or 
its successor index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); and/or,  
- Investment grade bonds (i.e. bonds with a 
credit rating which is BBB- or higher by 
Standard & Poor's or Baa3 or higher by 
Moody's).  
Eligibility Criteria 11  
Any securities with a value reviewed on a daily 
basis. No specific diversification guidelines will 
be applicable. Societe Generale equities or 
Societe Generale unsecured debt instruments 
are not authorized in this pool.  
Eligibility Criteria 12  
Each Fiduciary Security or bond (including 
notes, certificated debt securities and other 
debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) the 
Bond Issuer (as defined in Part 2 Condition 2) 
or (ii) by any member state of the G7 
countries.  
Eligibility Criteria 13  
Each Fiduciary Security or bond (including 
notes, certificated debt securities and other 
debt securities) issued or guaranteed by (i) the 
Bond Issuer or (ii) by any member state with a 
long term debt rating equal to or higher than 
the rating assigned to the Bond Issuer by 
Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division 
of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's 
Investors Service (Moody's) if no such rating 
is assigned by S&P, or by Fitch Ratings if no 
such rating is assigned by S&P or Moody’s).  
Eligibility Criteria 14  
 
 
Eligibility Criteria 15  
Cash denominated in the currency specified in 
the Final Terms.

--- Page 255 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
255 
Equities, 
bonds 
issued 
by 
issuers 
or 
guaranteed by guarantors with a rating higher 
than B-, asset backed securities (ABS), hedge 
funds shares or mutual funds shares.  
Eligibility Criteria 16  
Any securities with a value reviewed on a daily 
basis. No specific diversification guidelines will 
be applicable. Societe Generale equities or 
Societe Generale unsecured debt instruments 
are not authorized in this pool. In case of 
collateralised debt instruments of Societe 
Generale or any affiliates, these collateralised 
debts instruments have the same eligibility 
criteria as the Eligibility Criterias of the Notes 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
For the purposes of the Eligibility Criterias above, Sovereign means any state or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof and Governmental Authority means any de facto or 
de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank).  
 
3.2.1.3 Diversification Criteria Rules  
 
If "Diversification Criteria Rules" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral 
Pool shall comply with the applicable Diversification Criteria Rules, as defined below, from:  
 
(i) in the case of "Single Series Collateral Pool" the earlier of the maturity of the relevant Series of Notes and early redemption of the 
relevant Series of Notes, or  
 
(ii) in the case of Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the earlier of the maturity of the last Series of Notes outstanding and the early 
redemption of that Series of Notes.  
 
The Diversification Criteria Rules means the following diversification criteria specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:  
 
- Diversification Criteria 1: The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool and linked to a single series pool or multi-series 
pool shall comply with the diversification requirements applying to the assets of an Undertaking for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities complying with UCITS IV;  
 
- Diversification Criteria 2: None;  
 
- Diversification Criteria 3: The Collateral Assets comprised in a Collateral Pool shall comply with any of the following limits, or any 
combination thereof, as specified in the Final Terms:  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the bonds asset type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the corporate bonds asset type and (ii) the Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the sovereign bonds asset type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type (excluding funds) and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type (including Exchange Traded Funds but excluding other funds) 
and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final 
Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of the equities asset type (including Exchange Traded Funds and other mutual funds but 
excluding other funds) and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage 
specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of any Collateral Asset and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such 
Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 256 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
256 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities included in an index and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to 
such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities issued by any one Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of bond securities issued by any one Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of equity securities issued by any one Obligor and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value 
relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities issued by Obligors (bond or equity) incorporated in the same country or the 
country specified in the Final Terms and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the 
percentage specified in the Final Terms;  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of securities denominated in the same currency and (ii) the aggregate Note(s) Market 
Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms; and/or  
 
• the ratio of (i) the aggregate Market Value of cash denominated in the currency specified in the Final Terms and (ii) the aggregate 
Note(s) Market Value relating to such Collateral Pool shall not exceed the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
For the purpose of Diversification Criteria 3:  
 
Market Value means, in respect of any asset, a valuation of the asset, as determined by the Calculation Agent using standard market 
methods for the relevant asset, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. Such standard market 
methods include but are not limited to, requesting quotations for the asset from one or more leading dealers in the relevant market 
and/or using the net asset value or the aggregate amount that would be received by a hypothetical investor in the asset, as the case 
may be, on placement of a valid order for redemption thereof.  
 
3.3 Pool of Collateral Assets  
 
3.3.1 Type of Collateral Pool  
 
A Collateral Pool may be either a Single Series Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool.  
 
3.3.1.1 Single Series Collateral Pool  
 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes specify that "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable to the Series 
of Notes, such Series of Notes will be the only Series of Notes to be collateralised by the Collateral Pool (a Single Series Collateral 
Pool).  
 
3.3.1.2 Multiple Series Collateral Pool  
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable to the relevant Series of Notes, such 
Series of Notes will be one of a number of Series of Notes to be collateralised by the same Collateral Pool (a Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool).  
 
The Series issued first and each further Series of Notes collateralised by a Multiple Series Collateral Pool must (i) be subject to the 
same method of distribution of Collateral Assets following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event (i.e. exclusively either 
subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" or not subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets), (ii) be subject to the same 
Collateral Rules, (iii) be subject to the same Haircut value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral Assets, (iv) have the same 
Collateral Test Dates and Valuation Points, (v) have the same Order of Priority, pursuant to which amounts received by the Disposal 
Agent in accordance with Condition 9.4 herein should be applied and (vi) have specified in the applicable Final Terms the same basis 
for the Collateral Test (i.e. exclusively either subject to "Notes Market Value Test" or "Fiduciary Securities Value Test").  
By acquiring and holding Notes in relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool the Noteholders are deemed to acknowledge, accept 
and agree that the Noteholders of different Series of Notes shall share rateably the rights in respect of the Collateral Assets in the 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool pursuant to the collateralisation percentage applicable to each Series.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event (each being a Collateral Liquidation 
Event), all Series of Notes collateralised by the same Collateral Pool would share the distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the 
Collateral Assets held in the Fiduciary Account relating to that Collateral Pool or, where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the delivery of the Collateral Assets contained in such Collateral Pool.  
 
3.3.2. Segregation of Collateral Assets and Limited recourse and non-petition  
 
3.3.2.1 Segregation between Collateral Pools  
 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to have recourse to the Fiduciary Assets contained in a Collateral Pool other than the Collateral Pool 
which collateralises the Notes held by such Noteholder.

--- Page 257 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
257 
3.3.2.2 Limited Recourse  
 
By acquiring and holding Notes of a Series, Noteholders are deemed to acknowledge and agree that the obligations of the Fiduciary 
to the Noteholders are limited in recourse to the proceeds of the Fiduciary Assets. If:  
 
(a) there are no relevant Fiduciary Assets remaining which are capable of being realised or otherwise converted into cash;  
 
(b) all amounts available from the relevant Fiduciary Assets have been applied to meet or provide for the relevant obligations specified 
in, and in accordance with this Part 3; and  
 
(c) there are insufficient amounts available from the Fiduciary Assets to pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of this Part 3, 
amounts outstanding under the Notes (including payments of principal, premium (if any) and interest),  
then the Noteholders of such Notes shall have no further claim against the Fiduciary in respect of any amounts owing to them which 
remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal, premium (if any) and/or interest in respect of the Notes).  
 
3.3.2.3 Non-petition  
 
By acquiring and holding Notes, Noteholders are deemed to acknowledge and agree that no Noteholder (or any person acting on its 
behalf) shall be entitled to take any steps or proceedings to procure the winding-up, administration or liquidation (or any other 
analogous proceeding) of the Fiduciary.  
 
3.4 Description of the Related Agreements  
 
The following Description of the Related Agreements which the Fiduciary will enter into for each Series of Notes should be read in 
conjunction with the Final Terms for each Series of Notes and the applicable Description of the Cash Flows under the Related 
Agreements and together this description and the applicable Description of the Cash Flows under the Related Agreements and such 
Final Terms consist of an outline of certain cash flow provisions of such Related Agreements which is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to the detailed provisions of such Related Agreements for each specific Series of Notes. The following outline of the Related 
Agreements does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must refer to the applicable Final Terms and the relevant 
Related Agreements for detailed information regarding the Related Agreements.  
 
Each Series of Notes will, subject to Condition 3.4.7 benefit from the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, the Swap Agreement, 
the Securities Lending Agreement and the Collateral Transfer Agreement, as defined below, (referred to as the Related Agreements) 
and concluded between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
The structure of the Fiduciary Assets and the Related Agreements in respect of a Collateral Pool can be illustrated by the below 
diagram:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.4.1 Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement  
 
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into a master agreement relating to the sale and purchase of 
securities dated 7 November 2017 and amended and restated on 23 September 2019 (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, 
restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement). Although the parties sign only one 
Master Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement for administrative convenience, they are deemed to sign separate securities sale 
and purchase agreements on the terms of the Master Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement (each, a Securities Sale and 
Purchase Agreement) that will apply identically but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty in 
respect of each Collateral Pool.  
 
3.4.1.1 Purchase of Fiduciary Securities on the Issue Date  
 
Collateral Pool 1 (…)  
notes 
cash 
Noteholders 
Swap Agreement 
Securities Lending 
Agreement 
Collateral Transfer 
Agreement  
SG Luxembourg 
acting as 
fiduciary  
Buy/Sell Fiduciary 
Securities 
Or directly in the market 
in the name and for the 
account of the Fiduciary

--- Page 258 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
258 
Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, on the Issue Date of a Tranche of Notes, with the proceeds of 
the issuance of the Notes the Fiduciary will purchase the Fiduciary Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms from 
the Related Agreement Counterparty, or the Related Agreement Counterparty will purchase the Fiduciary Securities directly in the 
market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary at a purchase price equal to the price of such securities agreed from time to 
time between the Fiduciary and Societe Generale in accordance with relevant standard market practice, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
3.4.1.2 Cash flows under the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement  
 
On the Issue Date, the Fiduciary will apply the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes (plus or minus the Initial Swap Amount (as 
defined in Condition 3.4.2.1 below)) in the purchase of the initial Fiduciary Securities as vendor pursuant to the Securities Sale and 
Purchase Agreement for a purchase price equal to the market value of such Fiduciary Securities.  
 
3.4.1.3 Fiduciary Securities Substitution  
 
If "Fiduciary Securities Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Fiduciary Securities bought by the 
Fiduciary may be subject to adjustment from time to time at the option of the Fiduciary.  
 
In the event of substitution, the Fiduciary will sell any removed Fiduciary Securities (the Removed Fiduciary Securities) to the 
Related Agreement Counterparty, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Related Agreements, or the Related Agreement Counterparty 
will sell the removed Fiduciary Securities directly in the market in the name and for the account of the Fiduciary, at the price of such 
securities as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
The Collateral Agent shall ensure that any subsequent Fiduciary Securities which are added to the Collateral Assets pursuant to a 
substitution shall comply with the applicable Collateral Rules.  
 
3.4.1.4 Termination of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement  
 
The Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement may be terminated by either Party serving written notice on the other. Such termination 
will have effect immediately upon any such notice being received, or deemed to be received in accordance with this agreement.  
 
Where any Related Agreement is terminated, the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement shall be automatically terminated.  
 
Upon termination, all amounts payable by Societe Generale Luxembourg in connection with the Notes to Societe Generale will 
become immediately due and payable including, without limitation:  
 
(a) outstanding fees, charges and commissions;  
 
(b) any expenses incurred by Societe Generale in terminating these arrangements; and  
(c) any losses and expenses realised in closing out any Transactions or settling or 
concluding outstanding obligations incurred by Societe Generale in connection with the Notes.  
 
3.4.2 Swap Agreement  
 
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into (i) an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement and (ii) a Schedule to 
the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement ((a) in respect of Repack Notes dated 7 November 2017 and (b) in respect of Secured Notes, dated 
29 November 2017), each governed by English law (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified 
from time to time) together the ISDA Agreement). References in Part 1 and Part 2 of the General Terms and Conditions to the ISDA 
Agreement should be interpreted accordingly in respect of Repack Notes and Secured Notes.  
 
Although the parties sign only one ISDA Agreement for administrative convenience, they are deemed to sign separate ISDA master 
agreements on the terms of the ISDA Agreement (a Deemed ISDA Agreement) that will apply identically (unless otherwise specified 
in a Swap Confirmation as defined below) but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty in respect 
of each Collateral Pool. The Fiduciary shall enter into one or more swap transactions (each a Swap Transaction) with Societe 
Generale in its capacity as the Related Agreement Counterparty by the execution of swap confirmations under the Deemed ISDA 
Agreement (each a Swap Confirmation, and all Swap Confirmations, together with the ISDA Agreement, are referred to herein as 
the Swap Agreement).  
 
The Swap Agreement will be deemed to be entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty on the date 
on which the first Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool is issued.  
Each Swap Transaction will be entered into in order to allow the Fiduciary to exchange certain cashflows received by, or to the order 
of, the Fiduciary in respect of the Collateral Assets for amounts needed by the Fiduciary to meet its obligations under each Series of 
Notes.  
 
The Swap Agreement relating to a Collateral Pool will terminate on the Maturity Date of the Notes (and in case of Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool, it will terminate on the Maturity Date of the last Series of Notes) (the Scheduled Swap Termination Date) unless 
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement.  
 
3.4.2.1 Cash flows under the Swap Agreement

--- Page 259 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
259 
The payments to be made by the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to each Swap Transaction entered 
into under the Swap Agreement relating to a single Series of Notes (in the case of a Single Series Collateral Pool) or multiple Series 
of Notes (in the case of a Multiple Series Collateral Pool) may include, without limitation:  
 
(i) on the Issue Date, the Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement Counterparty, or the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay 
to the Fiduciary, an amount equal to the Initial Swap Amount;  
 
Initial Swap Amount means an amount equal to either:  
 
(a) the excess of the aggregate proceeds of the issuance of the Notes over the aggregate purchase price of all the Fiduciary Securities, 
which will be payable by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty; or  
 
(b) the excess of the aggregate purchase price of all the Fiduciary Securities over the aggregate proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes, which will be payable by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary.  
 
(ii) no later than 2 business days after each Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date, the Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty amounts equal to the Fiduciary Securities Distribution (as defined below);  
 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution means:  
 
(a) in the case of Repack Notes, an amount in respect of the Fiduciary Securities, whether in respect of interest, coupon or other 
sums analogous to interest (other than payments of principal) in accordance with the terms of the Fiduciary Securities in force as at 
the Trade Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement) that the Fiduciary would have received on the relevant Fiduciary Securities 
Distribution Date as if it were the holder of the Fiduciary Securities as of the date that entitled a holder of the Fiduciary Securities to 
such Fiduciary Securities Distribution, regardless of whether Fiduciary Security is held in the Fiduciary Account or has been delivered 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement; and  
 
(b) in the case of Secured Notes, an amount in respect of the Fiduciary Securities equal to 100% of the cash dividend, interest, coupon 
and/or any other amount (including payments of principal) that the Fiduciary would have received as holder of each such Fiduciary 
Security pursuant to the terms and conditions of each such Fiduciary Security as at the Issue Date or at the time of its acquisition, 
and after deduction of any applicable tax, duty, withholding or other deduction which is applicable as at the date of payment during 
the period from the Issue Date, multiplied by the Series Factor (as defined in the Swap Agreement), regardless of whether each such 
Fiduciary Security is held in the Fiduciary Account or has been delivered to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the 
Securities Lending Agreement.  
 
Fiduciary Securities Distribution Date means, for the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the Termination 
Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement), each day on which the Fiduciary would receive a Fiduciary Securities Distribution;  
 
(iii) on or before the relevant payment date under the Notes, the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary any Interest 
Amount and/or Instalment Amount;  
 
(iv) if a substitution to the Fiduciary Securities is to be effected, as described in Condition 3.4.1.3 herein, an amount shall be payable 
by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty or by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary (as the case may 
be) as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
(v) in the case of Secured Notes, if an Optional Redemption Date occurs in respect of all or some of the Notes or if the Notes fall for 
redemption prior to the Maturity Date following a Special Event:  
 
(a) in the case of the redemption of all (but not some) of the Notes, the Fiduciary will deliver the Fiduciary Securities (or, in the case 
of the early redemption of some but not all of the Notes, a pro rata proportion of the Fiduciary Securities) (or the proceeds of the 
redemption thereof) to or to the order of the Related Agreement Counterparty (the Early Exchange Amount B); and  
 
(b) the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary amounts equal to the sum of (x) in the event of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes being redeemed or, in the event of a Special Event, the 
aggregate Early Redemption Amount of the Notes being redeemed and (y) all costs and expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in 
connection with the early redemption of such Notes (the Early Exchange Amount A); and  
 
(vi) on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
  
(a) in the case of Repack Notes, either:  
 
(i) the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary the excess of the aggregate Final Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, together with costs and expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in connection with such redemption, over the number 
of Notes then outstanding multiplied by the Specified Denomination; or  
 
(ii) the Fiduciary will pay to the Related Agreement Counterparty the excess of the number of Notes then outstanding multiplied by 
the Specified Denomination over the aggregate Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Notes, together with all costs and 
expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in connection with such redemption.  
 
(b) in the case of Secured Notes:

--- Page 260 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
260 
(i) the Fiduciary will liquidate the Fiduciary Securities and will pay the proceeds of such liquidation to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty; and  
 
(ii) the Related Agreement Counterparty will pay to the Fiduciary an amount equal to the aggregate Final Redemption Amount payable 
in respect of the Notes together with all costs and expenses incurred by the Fiduciary in connection with the redemption of such 
Notes.  
 
The exact payments due under the Swap Agreement for a particular Series will vary from Series to Series depending on the terms of 
those Series. The exact payments will be agreed between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty at the time of entry 
into the relevant Swap Agreement. There is no restriction upon the payments that may be agreed.  
 
Other than in circumstances where a Fiduciary Event has occurred with respect to the Related Agreement Counterparty, all 
determinations and calculations (if any) required to be made by the Fiduciary pursuant to the Swap Agreement shall be made by the 
Related Agreement Counterparty on behalf of the Fiduciary. Upon the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event where the Related Agreement 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party, calculations will be made by the Fiduciary or a third party appointed by the Fiduciary to do so.  
 
3.4.2.2 Events of default  
 
In respect of Secured Notes and Repack Notes, the occurrence at any time of any of the following events shall constitute an event of 
default under the Swap Agreement:  
 
(i) failure by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty to make, when due, any payment or delivery under the Swap 
Agreement required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
 
(ii) certain bankruptcy events relating to the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty;  
 
(iii) breach by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty of their respective obligations under the Swap Agreement;  
 
(iv) representations made by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Swap Agreement proven to be 
inaccurate;  
 
(v) a merger without assumption under the ISDA Agreement;  
 
(vi) default by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement;  
 
(vii) occurrence of a Fiduciary Event pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, for the purpose of which the Fiduciary shall 
be the defaulting party (other than a Fiduciary Event constituted by the termination of the Swap Agreement as a result of an event of 
default under the Swap Agreement where the Fiduciary is the defaulting party); and  
 
(viii) occurrence of an event of default (howsoever defined in the Related Agreements other than in the Swap Agreement) in respect 
of which the Related Agreement Counterparty is the defaulting party.  
 
The occurrence of any of the above mentioned events of default under the Swap Agreement shall constitute:  
 
- a Fiduciary Event, if the Fiduciary is the defaulting party; or  
 
 
- a Related Agreement Counterparty Event if the Related Agreement Counterparty is the defaulting party.  
 
If a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event occurs:  
 
(i) the Early Termination Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date on which a Collateral Liquidation Notice is given 
by the Fiduciary; and  
 
(ii) the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty may be obliged to pay to the other party:  
 
(a) in the case of Repack Notes, the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) pursuant to Section 6(e) of the 
ISDA Agreement (which will be calculated by reference to the costs that would be incurred by the party making the calculation in 
replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be 
made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the Close-out Amount)). The Early Termination Amount shall be calculated 
as soon as reasonably practicable after the Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date and in any event not later than the Breakage 
Cost Valuation Date; and  
 
(b) in the case of Secured Notes, the Early Termination Amount (being the Swap Close-out Amount as defined below). The Swap 
Close-out Amount shall be calculated on the Breakage Cost Valuation Date and be paid (i) immediately thereafter by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary if positive, or (ii) promptly thereafter but not later than the Liquidation Event Redemption 
Date (as defined in Condition 9.4 below) by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty if negative. Swap Close-out 
Amount means an amount equal to (i) the Early Redemption Amount of all Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool minus 
(ii) the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds of the relevant Collateral Pool as reduced by the payment of amounts to Margined 
Parties ranking prior to the Related Agreement Counterparty. The Swap Close-out Amount so calculated shall be expressed as (i) a

--- Page 261 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
261 
positive amount if due from the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary or (ii) a negative amount if due from the Fiduciary 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
3.4.2.3 Termination Events  
 
The Swap Agreement provides for:  
 
(i) in the case of Secured Notes, a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event); and  
 
(ii) in the case of Repack Notes (a) a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event) and (b) a Bond Event 
Determination Date,  
to be an additional "Termination Event" (as defined in the Swap Agreement), the occurrence of which may result in the termination of 
the Swap Agreement.  
 
A Related Agreement Termination Event includes the following Termination Events under the ISDA Agreement:  
 
(i) the occurrence of certain illegality, force majeure events as defined in the ISDA Agreement;  
 
(ii) if sums received under the relevant Swap Agreement are subject to a withholding or a deduction on account of tax and such 
withholding or deduction arises as a result of a change in tax law or as a result of any action taken by a taxing authority or a court 
after the entry into the relevant Swap Agreement, being a tax event under the ISDA Agreement;  
 
(iii) if sums paid or received under the relevant Swap Agreement are subject to a withholding or a deduction on account of tax as a 
result of certain merger events with respect to the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty, being a tax event upon merger 
under the ISDA Agreement; and  
 
(iv) the creditworthiness of the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty is materially weaker following its merger with another 
entity or certain other reorganisation events, being a credit event upon merger under the ISDA Agreement.  
 
In the case of Secured Notes, the occurrence of:  
 
(i) a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event); or  
 
(ii) a “Trigger redemption at the option of the Fiduciary” in accordance with General Condition 6.2.3  (a Trigger Redemption), may 
result in the termination (in whole or in part depending on the relevant General Condition in relation to such event) of the Swap 
Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify the parties of the occurrence of such event and specify a date for termination (in whole 
or in part depending on the relevant General Condition) of the Swap Agreement in such notice. The Early Termination Date (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date specified by the Calculation Agent in such notice. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Swap Agreement, payments by the Related Agreement Counterparty and the Fiduciary of respectively, the Early Exchange 
Amount A (as defined above) and the Early Exchange Amount B (as defined above) on the Early Redemption Date of the Notes, 
pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, shall discharge each of the Related Agreement Counterparty and the Fiduciary to pay 
any Early Termination Amount due under the ISDA Agreement.  
 
In the case of Repack Notes, the occurrence of:  
 
(i) a Special Event (which includes a Related Agreement Termination Event);  
 
(ii) a Trigger Redemption (as defined above); or  
 
(iii) a Bond Event Determination Date,  
 
may result in the termination (in whole or in part depending on the relevant General Condition in relation to such event) of the Swap 
Agreement. The Calculation Agent shall notify the parties of the occurrence of such event and specify a date for termination (in whole 
or in part depending on the relevant General Condition) of the Swap Agreement in such notice. The Early Termination Date (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement) shall be the date specified by the Calculation Agent in such notice. Upon such termination, the Fiduciary or 
the Related Agreement Counterparty may be obliged to pay an early termination amount which will be the Early Termination Amount 
(as defined in the Swap Agreement) pursuant to Section 6(e) of the ISDA Agreement (which will be calculated by reference to the 
costs that would be incurred by the party making the calculation in replacing (or providing the economic equivalent of) the rights and 
obligations that have been terminated, or the gain that would be made in so doing (referred to in the Swap Agreement as the "Close-
out Amount")). The Early Termination Amount shall (a) in the case of a Special Event or a Trigger Redemption be calculated in 
accordance with the timing provisions of the Swap Agreement and (b) in the case of a Bond Event Determination Date, be calculated 
on the Related Agreement Price Determination Date.  
 
3.4.2.4 Purchase and cancellation of the Notes  
 
The Fiduciary may from time to time purchase and cancel all or some of the Notes of a Series in accordance with General Conditions 
14.3 and 14.4. In a case of a partial purchase and cancellation, a pro-rata proportion of the Swap Agreement will terminate and an 
amount will be payable by one party to the other equal to the mark-to-market value of such portion of the Swap Agreement so 
terminated.  
 
3.4.3 Securities Lending Agreement

--- Page 262 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
262 
 
The Fiduciary (acting as Lender) and the Related Agreement Counterparty (acting as Borrower) have entered into (i) a Global Master 
Securities Lending Agreement (January 2010 version) and (ii) a Schedule to the Global Master Securities Lending Agreement 
(January 2010 version) (in respect of (a) Repack Notes dated 7 November 2017 and amended and restated on 3 April 2019 and (b) 
Secured Notes dated 29 November 2017 and amended and restated on 12 December 2018) each governed by English law (such 
agreement as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time), together the GMSLA Agreement. 
References in the General Terms and Conditions to the GMSLA Agreement should be interpreted accordingly in respect of Repack 
Notes and Secured Notes.  
 
Although the parties sign only one GMSLA Agreement for administrative convenience, they are deemed to sign separate securities 
lending agreements on the terms of the GMSLA Agreement (a Deemed Securities Lending Agreement or Securities Lending 
Agreement) that will apply identically but separately between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty in respect of 
each Collateral Pool.  
 
The Fiduciary may enter into one or more securities lending transactions with Societe Generale in its capacity as the Related 
Agreement Counterparty under the Deemed Securities Lending Agreement.  
 
Each Securities Lending Agreement will be entered into in order to grant the Related Agreement Counterparty the option to borrow 
Fiduciary Securities from the Fiduciary from time to time during the term of the Notes. The Securities Lending Agreement will be 
deemed to be entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty on the date on which the first Series of 
Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool is issued.  
 
In the case of a Series of Notes collateralised by a Single Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single Securities Lending Agreement 
in respect of such Series.  
 
In the case of multiple Series of Notes collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single Securities 
Lending Agreement in respect of all such Series.  
 
3.4.3.1 Loans of Fiduciary Securities  
 
Pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement, the Related Agreement Counterparty will have the right to, from (and including) the 
Issue Date to (but excluding) the Securities Lending Deadline, borrow (for a period ending no later than the Securities Lending End 
Date) some or all of the securities comprising the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary (which transaction will constitute a "Loan" 
as defined in and for the purposes of the Securities Lending Agreement). If the Related Agreement Counterparty borrows Fiduciary 
Securities from the Fiduciary, title to the relevant Loaned Securities will be transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty free 
from all liens, charges and encumbrances. For the avoidance of doubt, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall not be obliged to 
retain legal and/or beneficial ownership of any Loaned Securities and the Related Agreement Counterparty shall be free to deal with 
the Loaned Securities in any manner which it thinks fit including, without limitation, disposing of all or any of such Loaned Securities 
or any of its rights with respect thereto, to one or more third parties.  
 
The Related Agreement Counterparty may terminate a Loan at any time and deliver securities equivalent to the relevant Loaned 
Securities (Equivalent Securities) to the Fiduciary. For the purposes of the Securities Lending Agreement, Equivalent or equivalent 
to means, in relation to any Loaned Securities, securities or other property, of an identical type, nominal value, description and amount 
to such Loaned Securities so provided or, in the case of redemption, a sum of money equivalent to the proceeds of the redemption.  
 
Securities Lending Deadline means the day which is two Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.  
 
Securities Lending End Date means, in respect of a Collateral Pool, either:  
 
(i) where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the day which is one Business Day prior to the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Series, and (b) the date on which all outstanding Notes are redeemed in full and no Notes remains outstanding other 
than following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or Related Agreement Counterparty Event, or  
 
(ii) where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the day which is one Business Day prior to the earlier of (a) the final Maturity 
Date of the Notes of each Series collateralised by the Multiple Series Collateral Pool, and (b) the date on which all outstanding Notes 
of each Series collateralised by the Multiple Series Collateral Pool are redeemed in full and no Notes remains outstanding, other than 
following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or Related Agreement Counterparty Event.  
 
If a Fiduciary Securities Substitution is to be effected in respect of which any of the Removed Fiduciary Securities have been loaned 
by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending Agreement and so constitute Loaned 
Securities, then the date on which such Fiduciary Securities Substitution takes effect will be deemed to be the Securities Lending End 
Date.  
 
The Fiduciary Securities may be loaned by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the Securities Lending 
Agreement and become Loaned Securities; or transferred with full title to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the 
Collateral Transfer Agreement and may be transferred with full title by the Related Agreement Counterparty back to the Fiduciary 
pursuant to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, in order to collateralise the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return 
securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed from the Fiduciary.

--- Page 263 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
263 
Any of such Fiduciary Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the 
Securities Lending Agreement or the Collateral Transfer Agreement and are not held in the Fiduciary Account shall continue to 
constitute Fiduciary Securities.  
 
3.4.3.2 Income on the Loaned Securities  
 
Where the term of a Loan extends over an Income record date in respect of any Loaned Securities, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty shall, on the date such Income is paid by the obligor in respect of such Loaned Securities, pay or deliver to the Fiduciary 
a sum of money or property equivalent to (and in the same currency as) the type and amount of such Income that would be received 
by the Fiduciary in respect of such Loaned Securities assuming such Loaned Securities were not loaned to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty and were retained by the Fiduciary on the Income record date. 
  
Income means any interest, coupons, dividends or other distributions of any kind whatsoever with respect to any Loaned Securities.  
 
3.4.3.3 Exercise of voting rights  
 
Where any voting rights fall to be exercised in relation to any Loaned Securities, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall have no 
obligation to arrange for such voting rights to be exercised in accordance with the instructions of the Fiduciary.  
 
3.4.3.4 Cash flows under the Securities Lending Agreement  
 
Where the term of a Loan extends over an income record date in respect of any Loaned Securities, the Related Agreement 
Counterparty shall, on the date such income is paid by the obligor in respect of such Loaned Securities, pay or deliver to the Fiduciary 
a sum of money or property equivalent to (and in the same currency as) the type and amount of such Income that would be received 
by the Fiduciary in respect of such Loaned Securities assuming such Loaned Securities were not loaned to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty and were retained by the Fiduciary on the income record date.  
 
Income means any interest, coupons, dividends or other distributions of any kind whatsoever with respect to any Loaned Securities.  
 
3.4.3.5 Events of default  
 
The occurrence at any time of any of the following events shall constitute an event of default under the Securities Lending Agreement:  
 
(i) failure by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty to make, when due, any payment (including Income) or delivery 
under the Securities Lending Agreement required to be made by it if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
 
(ii) certain bankruptcy events relating to the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty;  
 
(iii) warranties made by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement proven to be 
incorrect/untrue in any material respect;  
 
(iv) the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty unable to/intends not to perform any of its obligations under the Securities 
Lending Agreement or in respect of a Loan where such failure would, with the service of notice or lapse of time, constitute a Fiduciary 
Event;  
 
(v) all or material part of assets of the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty being transferred to a trustee (or a person 
exercising similar functions) by a regulatory authority pursuant to any legislation;  
 
(vi) the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty being declared in default or being suspended or expelled from membership 
or participation in any securities exchange or suspended or prohibited from dealing in securities by any regulatory authority, on 
grounds that it has failed to meet any requirements relating to financial resources or credit rating;  
 
(vii) breach by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty of any of their other respective obligations under the Securities 
Lending Agreement if not remedied within the time period specified therein;  
 
(viii) occurrence of a Fiduciary Event pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than a Fiduciary Event constituted by 
the termination of the Securities Lending Agreement as a result of an event of default under the Securities Lending Agreement where 
the Fiduciary is the defaulting party), for the purposes of which the Fiduciary shall be the defaulting party; and  
 
(ix) occurrence of an event of default under a Related Agreement (other than a Fiduciary Event constituted by the termination of the 
Securities Lending Agreement as a result of an event of default under this Agreement where the Related Agreement Counterparty is 
the defaulting party) for the purposes of which the Related Agreement Counterparty shall be the defaulting party.  
 
The occurrence of any of the above mentioned events of default under the Securities Lending Agreement shall constitute:  
 
- a Fiduciary Event if the Fiduciary is the defaulting party; or  
 
- a Related Agreement Counterparty Event, if the Related Agreement Counterparty is the defaulting party.  
 
If an event of default under the Securities Lending Agreement occurs:

--- Page 264 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
264 
(i) there shall be no further payments or deliveries pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement;  
 
(ii) the Related Agreement Counterparty shall have no further obligation to redeliver Loaned Securities or Equivalent Securities; and  
 
(iii)  
 
(a) in the case of Repack Notes, a termination amount (as described below) may become payable from the Fiduciary to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty or from the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary; and  
 
(b) in the case of Secured Notes, no termination amount shall be payable to or from either party pursuant to the Securities Lending 
Agreement.  
 
All calculations in respect of the termination amount payable in respect of Repack Notes shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
except in the case of a Related Agreement Counterparty Event. If a Related Agreement Counterparty Event has occurred, all 
calculations will be made by the Fiduciary or a third party appointed by the Fiduciary to do so.  
 
The termination amount payable in such circumstance for Repack Notes shall either be: 
  
(i) the excess value of the Loan Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the 
Securities Lending Agreement over the value of the Eligible Collateral Assets which have been transferred to the Fiduciary pursuant 
to the Collateral Transfer Agreement, which shall be payable by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary; or  
 
(ii) the excess value of the Eligible Collateral Assets which have been transferred to the Fiduciary pursuant to the Collateral Transfer 
Agreement over the value of the Loaned Securities which have been transferred to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to 
the Securities Lending Agreement, which shall be payable by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
3.4.3.6 Termination  
 
The Securities Lending Agreement provides for the termination of the Securities Lending Agreement including, without limitation, upon 
the occurrence of the following:  
 
(i) the Securities Lending End Date;  
 
(ii) the Notes are purchased or the Notes become due and payable in full or in part (including in the case of Repack Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date), other than upon termination of the Agreement as a result of the occurrence of a 
Collateral Liquidation Event; and  
 
(iii) the occurrence of a tax event.  
 
In the case of a termination pursuant to the above events (excluding in the case of Collateral Liquidation Event and, for Repack Notes, 
a Bond Event Determination Date), the Related Agreement Counterparty will redeliver all Loaned Securities or Equivalent Securities 
or the relevant proportion thereof in the case of a partial redemption of Notes relating to Loaned Securities which had previously been 
delivered to it pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement. Upon transfer of such Equivalent Securities by the Related 
Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary, such Equivalent Securities will constitute Fiduciary Securities.  
 
In such circumstances, no termination amount shall become payable to or from either party pursuant to the Securities Lending 
Agreement.  
 
In the case of Repack Notes, if there is a termination of the Securities Lending Agreement pursuant to a Bond Event Determination 
Date, the Related Agreement Counterparty shall redeliver all Loaned Securities or Equivalent Loaned Securities relating to the Loaned 
Securities which has been delivered to it pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement. Upon such early termination, (i) 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the costs or gains of the Fiduciary relating to such termination (which shall include any cash or 
gains incurred by the Related Agreement Counterparty of unwinding any hedging arrangement(s) in relation to the refinancing of the 
relevant Bond and/or Collateral Assets) and (ii) (a) the Related Agreement Counterparty shall pay an amount equal to such costs (if 
any) to the Fiduciary or (b) the Fiduciary will pay an amount equal to such gain to the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
3.4.4 Collateral Transfer Agreement  
 
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have entered into a master collateral transfer agreement governed by English 
law dated 27 April 2016, as amended and restated on 7 November 2017 (such agreement, as further amended, supplemented, 
restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Master Collateral Transfer Agreement).  
 
Although the parties signed only one Master Collateral Transfer Agreement for administrative convenience, they are deemed to sign 
separate collateral transfer agreements on the terms of the Master Collateral Transfer Agreement (each, a Deemed Collateral 
Transfer Agreement or Collateral Transfer Agreement) that will apply identically but separately between the Fiduciary and the 
Related Agreement Counterparty in respect of each Collateral Pool. The Fiduciary shall enter into one or more Collateral Transfer 
Agreements with Societe Generale in its capacity as the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
In the case of a Series of Notes collateralised by a Single Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single Collateral Transfer Agreement 
in respect of such Series. The Collateral Transfer Agreement will be deemed to be entered into between the Fiduciary and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty on the date on which the first Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool is issued.

--- Page 265 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
265 
 
In the case of multiple Series of Notes collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, there will be a single Collateral 
Transfer Agreement in respect of all such Series.  
 
3.4.4.1 Transfer of CTA Collateral Assets  
 
In order to ensure that a Series of Notes relating to a Single Series Collateral Pool is collateralised in accordance with its terms or 
that all Series of Notes relating to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool are collateralised in each case in accordance with their terms, the 
Collateral Assets will be subject to adjustment on each Collateral Test Date in accordance with Condition 5 herein.  
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Related Agreement Counterparty may be required to transfer Eligible 
Collateral Assets to the Fiduciary, and the Fiduciary may be required to transfer Fiduciary Securities to the Related Agreement 
Counterparty in order to collateralise the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty under:  
 
(i) both the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement in relation to Secured Notes or Repack Notes for which the 
applicable Collateral Test is Notes Market Value Test; and  
 
(j) the Securities Lending Agreement only in relation to Repack Notes for which the applicable Collateral Test is Fiduciary Securities 
Value Test.  
 
3.4.4.2 Income on CTA Collateral Assets  
 
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the Fiduciary will pay or deliver to the Related Agreement Counterparty 
amounts equal to each amount of principal, interest, coupon, dividend, income or other property distributed in respect of any CTA 
Collateral Assets.  
 
The Related Agreement Counterparty will pay or deliver to the Fiduciary amounts equal to each amount of principal, interest, coupon, 
dividend, income or other property distributed in respect of any Fiduciary Security transferred to it by the Fiduciary pursuant to the 
terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
3.4.4.3 Exercise of voting rights  
 
Where any voting rights fall to be exercised in relation to any CTA Collateral Assets, the Related Agreement Counterparty and or the 
Fiduciary, as the case may be, shall have no obligation to arrange for such voting rights to be exercised in accordance with the 
instructions of the other Party.  
 
3.4.4.4 Termination of the Collateral Transfer Agreement  
 
This Collateral Transfer Agreement will terminate:  
 
(i) where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, on the Maturity Date of the Notes; or  
 
(ii) where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, on the final Maturity Date of the Notes of each Series collateralised by the 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool.  
 
On the date of such termination, the Required Collateral Assets Value will reduce to zero and either (i) all CTA Collateral Assets held 
by the Fiduciary will be redelivered to the Related Agreement Counterparty, or (ii) all Fiduciary Securities transferred by the Fiduciary 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to this Collateral Transfer Agreement will be redelivered to the Fiduciary.  
 
3.4.5 Netting of Payments  
 
The Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty have agreed that, if on any date (including any early termination date but 
excluding any early termination following the occurrence of a Fiduciary Event or Related Agreement Counterparty Event) amounts 
would otherwise be payable in the same currency or, if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, equivalent securities would be deliverable by each of them to the other under the Related Agreements, then, on such 
date:  
 
(i) subject to (ii) and (iii) below, the Fiduciary’s and the Related Agreement Counterparty’s respective obligations to make payment of 
any such amounts and/or delivery of any such securities will be automatically satisfied and discharged;  
 
(ii) if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty exceeds 
the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable to it by the other party, the Fiduciary’s and the Related Agreement 
Counterparty’s respective payment obligations will be replaced by an obligation upon whichever of the Fiduciary and the Related 
Agreement Counterparty who would have been obliged to pay the larger amount, to pay to the other party, the excess of the larger 
aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount; and  
 
(iii) if "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, securities would be deliverable; 
and if the number of such securities that would otherwise have been deliverable by the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement 
Counterparty exceeds the number of such securities that would otherwise have been deliverable to it by the other party, the Fiduciary’s 
and the Related Agreement Counterparty’s respective delivery obligations will be replaced by an obligation upon whichever of the

--- Page 266 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
266 
Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty who would have been obliged to deliver the larger number of such securities, to 
deliver to the other party, the excess of the larger number of such securities over the smaller number of such securities. 
  
3.4.6 Taxation under the Related Agreements  
 
Neither the Fiduciary nor the Related Agreement Counterparty is obliged under the Related Agreements to gross up any payment to 
be made under the Related Agreements if withholding taxes are imposed on or after the Issue Date of a Series of Notes.  
 
Notwithstanding the above, if "Type of Notes" is specified as "Repack Notes" in the relevant Final Terms, in relation to the Securities 
Lending Agreement and the Collateral Transfer Agreement, the imposition of such withholding taxes on or after the Issue Date of a 
Series of Notes may lead to the early termination of the Related Agreements, which event would constitute a "Related Agreement 
Termination Event" for the purposes of General Condition 6.2.7 with respect to the Notes of the relevant Series, causing such Notes 
to become subject to early redemption at the applicable Early Redemption Amount. 
  
3.4.7 Related Agreement Counterparty Transfer Right  
 
The Related Agreement Counterparty is entitled to transfer (the Transfer Right) all of its rights and obligations under the Swap 
Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement to a replacement counterparty (the Replacement Related Agreement 
Counterparty) which is a financial institution incorporated in the European Economic Area, the United States of America or Japan 
and which has a long term credit rating from at least two of Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s which is at least equal to the long 
term credit rating of Societe Generale at the date on which the Transfer Right is exercised.  
 
If the Related Agreement Counterparty exercises the Transfer Right, the Fiduciary shall be entitled to agree such modifications to (i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or (ii) any of the Transaction Documents as it considers necessary or desirable to allow 
the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty to accede to, or otherwise take the benefit of, those Transaction Documents, and 
by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, Noteholders shall be deemed to have acknowledged such right of the Fiduciary and agreed 
thereto.  
 
Following exercise of the Transfer Right, all references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the "Related Agreement 
Counterparty" shall be construed as being references to the relevant Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty, and references 
to any Related Agreement shall be construed as being references to the relevant agreement as novated or otherwise transferred to 
the Replacement Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
There are no restrictions on when Societe Generale is entitled to exercise the Transfer Right and Societe Generale may do so in 
circumstances which are adverse to the interests of Noteholders. Noteholders shall not be entitled to veto or otherwise prohibit any 
exercise of the Transfer Right and none of the Fiduciary, Societe Generale or any other person shall be liable to any Noteholder which 
suffers any loss following exercise of the Transfer Right, and by subscribing for or acquiring Notes, Noteholders shall be deemed to 
have acknowledged and agreed thereto.  
 
The Fiduciary shall notify Noteholders of any exercise of the Transfer Right as soon as reasonably practicable.  
 
4. VALUATION AND CALCULATION RELATING TO COLLATERAL ASSETS  
 
4.1 Valuation of Collateral Assets  
 
In order to ensure that a Series of Notes is collateralised in accordance with its terms, on each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral 
Agent will verify that (i) the Collateral Assets comply with the Collateral Rules, and (ii) the Collateral Assets Value (as defined below) 
in relation to a Collateral Pool will be at least equal to the Required Collateral Assets Value.  
 
If any Collateral Asset (or portion thereof) ceases to comply with the Collateral Rules at any time, such asset (or portion thereof, as 
applicable, the Ineligible Asset) may be retained in the Fiduciary Account but shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be deemed not to be 
a Collateral Asset (and so consequently be deemed to have zero value) for the purposes of determining the Collateral Assets Value 
for so long as such asset (or portion thereof) is an Ineligible Asset. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Ineligible Assets in the Fiduciary 
Account at the time of a Collateral Liquidation Event shall constitute Collateral Assets for the purposes of Condition 9.2 herein.  
 
4.2 Calculations and determinations  
 
In relation to the Collateral Pool, on each Collateral Test Date:  
 
(i) the Collateral Agent will determine the Collateral Assets Value pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement; and  
 
(ii) the Collateral Monitoring Agent will verify the calculation made by the Collateral Agent of the Collateral Assets Value pursuant to 
the terms of the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement.  
 
4.2.1 The Collateral Test  
 
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Agent will determine whether the Collateral Assets comprised in the Collateral Pool as 
of such Collateral Test Date:  
 
(i) satisfy the Collateral Rules; and

--- Page 267 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
267 
(ii) have a Collateral Assets Value at least equal to 97% of the Required Collateral Assets Value.  
 
The Required Collateral Assets Value is determined by reference to:  
 
- the Notes Market Value Test in respect of; (i) Secured Notes and (ii) in respect of Repack Notes, for which the obligations of the 
Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement are 
collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement; or  
 
- the Fiduciary Securities Value Test in respect of Repack Notes, for which the obligations of the Related Agreement Counterparty 
under the Securities Lending Agreement and Swap Agreement are not collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
For the purpose of this Condition 4.2:  
 
Collateral Assets Value means the aggregate market value as of the relevant Valuation Point, expressed in the Collateral Valuation 
Currency and discounted in each case by the applicable Haircut and the aggregate value of any Waived Notes, of all the Collateral 
Assets in the Collateral Pool. The Collateral Agent will determine the Collateral Assets Value, and the Collateral Monitoring Agent will 
verify the Collateral Assets Value on the basis of the following pricing policy:  
(a) where the price of the Collateral Asset is available from Bloomberg, (i) for equities, the last price (Equities – PX –LAST), (ii) for 
fixed income, the mid dirty price (Bonds- PX_DIRTY_MID_BGN);  
 
(b) where the price of the Collateral Asset is not available from Bloomberg, then the Collateral Monitoring Agent will use the price 
determined by the Collateral Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
For the purpose of determining the Collateral Assets Value, the value of any Collateral Asset which has ceased to comply with the 
Collateral Rules shall be deemed to be zero.  
 
Where the relevant currency of denomination of any Collateral Asset is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral 
Agent shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the relevant Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
Collateralisation Percentage means the level of collateralisation in respect of the Notes pursuant to the following:  
 
(a) In respect of Secured Notes where the Collateralisation Percentage is specified as "Fixed Collateralisation" in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Collateralisation Percentage is such percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or a percentage determined 
through the application of a formula specified in the applicable Final Terms and such percentage does not change during the life of 
the Notes; and  
 
(b) in respect of Secured Notes where the Collateralisation Percentage is specified as "Variable Collateralisation" in the applicable 
Final Terms (Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation), the Collateralisation Percentage at the Issue Date shall be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and subsequently the Collateralisation Percentage may be varied more than once at the option of the 
Collateral Agent on any Collateral Business Day following the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. In the event that the 
Collateralisation Percentage is set to a percentage less than 100%, the Related Agreement Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms 
of the Securities Lending Agreement, borrow some or all of the Fiduciary Securities held by the Fiduciary and only a partial 
collateralisation amount of Collateral Assets will be posted in return under the Collateral Transfer Agreement, or, where the 
Collateralisation Percentage is set to 0%, no Collateral Assets will be posted in return. Where the Collateralisation Percentage is 
specified as 0% in the applicable Final Terms, it means that on the Issue Date all of the Fiduciary Securities bought by the Fiduciary 
have been borrowed by the Related Agreement Counterparty with no CTA Collateral Asset in return. The Collateralisation Percentage 
may then be varied more than once or increased to 100% at the option of the Collateral Agent on any Collateral Business Day following 
the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date. In addition, the Collateralisation Percentage may be subject to a floor, other than 
0%, (Variable Collateralisation Floor), as specified in the applicable Final Terms; in such case Collateralisation Percentage shall 
not be set to a percentage less than the specified Variable Collateralisation Floor.  
 
(c) In respect of Repack Notes, the Collateralisation Percentage shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or shall be determined 
through the application of a formula as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the 
Collateralisation Percentage may vary during the terms of the Notes after a certain date following the occurrence of a trigger event, 
or in certain circumstances following a unanimous decision of the Noteholders; this means that the percentage level may vary from 
100% from the Issue Date to (and including) the Maturity Date of the Bond to 0% from (but excluding) the Maturity Date of the Bond 
to (and including) the Maturity Date, provided however, that in case of a Bond Event Determination Date (or the Repack Notes 
Exceptional Event Date, as the case may be), the Collateralisation Percentage may be 0% from (but excluding) the Bond Event 
Determination Date (or the Exceptional Event Date as the case may be) to (and including) the Cash Redemption Date; 
  
In relation to (c) above, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary in certain circumstances 
following a unanimous decision of the holders of Notes collateralised by the Collateral Pool, in order to exercise such option 
Noteholders shall give notice of the unanimous decision of the holders of such Notes specifying the new Collateralisation Percentage 
in respect of such Notes collateralised by such Collateral Pool and the date of variation of the Collateralisation Percentage to the 
Fiduciary in accordance with General Condition 13 within the notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Collateral Test Date means, in respect of a Collateral Pool, the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes collateralised such Collateral 
Pool, each periodic date from and excluding the Issue Date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and any other date deemed 
to be a Collateral Test Date in accordance with this Part 3.  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro.

--- Page 268 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
268 
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page means, if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, Bloomberg WMCO page, or if the 
Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time means, for the purpose of determining the relevant Collateral Valuation Currency 
Exchange Rate, if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 5.30 PM (Paris time), or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than 
Euro, the specified time specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
For the purpose of determining the Collateral Assets Value in respect of a Collateral Test Date, the Haircut applicable to each type of 
Collateral Asset shall be determined as set forth in the table below in accordance with whichever Haircut 1, Haircut 2 or Haircut 3 is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut value per type or class of Collateral Asset.  
 
Haircut 1 :      
  
    -         The Haircut applicable to each Collateral Asset is 0%  
 
Haircut 2 :       
     
    -         The Haircut applicable to an equity security comprised in one of the following indices: S&P 500, EUROSTOXX 600, NIKKEI 
225, HK Index, Korean Index is 0%  
 
    -           The Haircut applicable to any other equity security is 25%  
 
Haircut 3 :  
 
   -           The Haircut applicable to an equity security or bond with a rating higher than B- by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a 
division of S&P Global Inc. (S&P) (or by Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) is 0%  
 
  -             The Haircut applicable to a mutual fund share is 10%  
 
  -             The Haircut applicable to an asset backed security (ABS) or a hedge fund share is 20%  
 
4.2.2 Required Collateral Assets Value  
 
In relation to a Single Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Assets Value will be calculated by the Collateral Agent on the 
Issue Date and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on each Collateral Test Date as set out below.  
 
In relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Assets Value will be determined by the Collateral Agent and 
verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on each Collateral Test Date as the sum of the amounts calculated in respect of each 
Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool (as such amounts are calculated in accordance with Condition 4.2.1 
herein as applicable, as if each Series of Notes was the only Series relating to such Collateral Pool).  
 
4.2.2.1 Notes Market Value Test  
 
"Notes Market Value Test" is applicable:  
 
(i) in respect of Secured Notes, and  
 
(ii) in respect of Repack Notes where the obligations of the Fiduciary and the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement and the Securities Lending Agreement are collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement.  
 
Where Notes Market Value Test is applicable, the Required Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Collateral Pool collateralising 
the Notes will be calculated by the Collateral Agent and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Issue Date and on each 
Collateral Test Date as an amount equal to the product of:  
 
(i) the Note Market Value for such Series of Notes;  
 
(ii) the Collateralisation Percentage; and  
 
(iii) the number of Non-Waived Notes of such Series of Notes.  
 
Where the Notes Market Value Test is applicable, the Collateral Transfer Agreement provides for collateralisation on a net basis of (i) 
the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities borrowed from the Fiduciary 
and (ii) the Exposure (as defined in the Swap Agreement) of the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty as the case may 
be under the Swap Agreement. 
  
In case of Secured Notes with Variable Collateralisation, the cash proceeds from the issuance of such Notes will be used to purchase 
Fiduciary Securities. In the event that the Collateralisation Percentage is reduced after the Issue Date, the Related Agreement

--- Page 269 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
269 
Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Lending Agreement, borrow some or all of the Fiduciary Securities held by 
the Fiduciary and only a partial collateralisation amount of Collateral Assets will be posted in return under the Collateral Transfer 
Agreement, or, where the Collateralisation Percentage is reduced to 0%, no Collateral Assets will be posted in return.  
 
Where the specified currency of the Notes is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent shall convert the value 
of such Note at the relevant Collateral Valuation Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
The Note Market Value determined by the Note Valuation Agent as described above and the aggregate number of Waived Notes 
notified to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall bind each of the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent in its determination of the Required Collateral Assets Value. 
  
4.2.2.2 Fiduciary Securities Value Test  
 
In case of Repack Notes where the obligations of the Related Agreement Counterparty under the Securities Lending Agreement and 
Swap Agreement are not collateralised under the Collateral Transfer Agreement, "Fiduciary Securities Value Test" shall be applicable 
and the Required Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Collateral Pool collateralising the Notes will be calculated by the Collateral 
Agent and verified by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date as an amount equal to the 
product of:  
 
(i) the Required Fiduciary Securities Value; and  
 
(ii) the Collateralisation Percentage.  
 
Where Fiduciary Securities Value Test is applicable, Required Fiduciary Securities Value means the aggregate market value as of 
the Issue Date, expressed in the Collateral Valuation Currency, of all the Fiduciary Securities (whether held in the Fiduciary Account 
or loaned to the Related Agreement Counterparty). The Collateral Agent will determine the Required Fiduciary Securities Value on 
the basis of such valuation method or methods as the Collateral Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine in its discretion.  
 
Where the relevant currency of denomination of any Fiduciary Security is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral 
Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall convert the value of such Fiduciary Securities at the relevant Collateral Valuation 
Currency Exchange Rate.  
 
Where the Fiduciary Securities Value Test is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Collateral Transfer Agreement provides 
for collateralisation of the Related Agreement Counterparty’s obligation to return securities equivalent to the Fiduciary Securities 
borrowed from the Fiduciary but not for the collateralisation of any other obligation under the Securities Lending Agreement nor any 
obligation under the Swap Agreement.  
 
Unless and until a substitution to the Fiduciary Securities occurs pursuant to Condition 3.4.1.3 herein, the Fiduciary Securities Value 
Test will be deemed to be satisfied.  
 
4.2.3 Waiver of Rights  
 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders intending to hold such Notes (including, 
but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may waive their rights by written notice to receive the proceeds of realisation 
of the Collateral Assets securing such Series of Notes (or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event (such Notes 
being Waived Notes). If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to Secured Notes, all such 
Notes held by Societe Generale or its affiliates in its capacity as market maker will be deemed to be Waived Notes, unless otherwise 
notified in writing by Societe Generale or its affiliates to the Collateral Agent.  
 
Holders of Waived Notes are deemed to waive their rights to give written notice to the Fiduciary and the Guarantor that the Waived 
Notes are immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount on the occurrence of an Event of Default following the 
delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described below). As a consequence, when calculating the Required Collateral 
Assets Value in accordance with the provisions described above, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall only 
take into account the value of the Notes that have not been subject to such waiver (any such Notes being Non-Waived Notes).  
 
Each holder of Waived Notes shall be required to (i) inform by written notice and, upon request from the Collateral Agent, provide 
evidence to, the Collateral Agent of the number of Waived Notes that he holds on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date 
and (ii) notify the Collateral Agent following any transfer of Waived Notes. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will 
be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Agent shall notify the Fiduciary and the Collateral Monitoring Agent of the 
same. Notwithstanding the above, all Notes held by Societe Generale or one or more of its affiliates, including but not limited to, in its 
capacity as market maker, will be deemed to be Waived Notes, unless otherwise notified in writing by Societe Generale or one or 
more of its affiliates to the Collateral Agent.  
 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall be responsible for any incorrect, 
inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number of Waived Notes relating to any one or more Series of Notes that may 
have been provided to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of any holder of Waived Notes and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, 
the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall be under any duty to verify or otherwise confirm the number of Waived 
Notes so held.

--- Page 270 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
270 
5. ADJUSTMENTS OF THE COLLATERAL ASSETS UNDER THE COLLATERAL TRANSFER AGREEMENT AND COLLATERAL 
TEST NOTICE  
 
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied in respect of any Collateral Test Date, any addition of Eligible Collateral 
Assets, or removal of Collateral Assets (including, without limitation, in relation to any substitution to the Fiduciary Securities pursuant 
to Condition 3.4.1.3 herein, the termination of any of loan of Fiduciary Securities under the Securities Lending Agreement or pursuant 
to the Collateral Transfer Agreement) for which instructions have been provided on or before such  
 
Collateral Test Date but which have not yet been completed will be included for the purposes of such determination as if such 
transactions had been completed.  
 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is not satisfied for the Collateral Pool, the Collateral 
Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary will select:  
 
(i) the type and quantity of Fiduciary Securities previously delivered by the Fiduciary to the Related Agreement Counterparty or CTA 
Collateral Assets to be deposited in the Fiduciary Account by the Related Agreement Counterparty; or  
 
(ii) existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets,  
pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, in order that, after 
such adjustment or replacement, the Collateral Test will be satisfied.  
 
Until any such adjustments to the Collateral Assets have been effected, the value of Collateral Assets held in the Fiduciary Account 
may be less than the revised Required Collateral Assets Value.  
 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Assets Value is greater than 100% of the Required 
Collateral Assets Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary may select Fiduciary Securities or any CTA Collateral Assets 
previously delivered by the Related Agreement Counterparty to the Fiduciary to be removed from the Fiduciary Account and delivered 
to the Related Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement (or shall select existing Collateral 
Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets) and, in the case of Fiduciary Securities only, to be delivered to the Related 
Agreement Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement, provided that after such adjustment 
the Collateral Test shall continue to be satisfied and that the Collateral Assets shall comply with the applicable Collateral Rules.  
 
On each Collateral Business Day, if the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Fiduciary intends to make adjustments to the Collateral 
Assets held in the Fiduciary Account (including, but not limited to, adjustments in order to ensure that the Collateral Test will be 
satisfied), the Collateral Agent will send or cause to be sent a notice (a Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
specifying the adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary Account including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to 
be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities 
Sale and Purchase Agreement.  
 
 
6. VERIFICATION BY COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT  
 
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement, verify the Collateral Assets Value and the Required Collateral Assets Value and shall verify that the applicable Collateral 
Test is satisfied.  
 
If on the relevant Collateral Test Date:  
 
(a) a Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines that the 
Collateral Test will not be satisfied (including after taking into account any adjustments specified in such Collateral Test Notice); or  
 
(b) no Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent but the Collateral Monitoring Agent has determined that 
adjustments need to be made to the Collateral Assets so that the Collateral Test will be satisfied,  
 
then the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the Collateral Business Day immediately following the relevant Collateral Test Date, 
notify the Collateral Agent in writing providing details of why it considers that the Collateral Test is or will not be satisfied (such notice 
being hereafter referred to as a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice).  
 
Following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent will determine whether it agrees with the contents of 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice. Should the Collateral Agent agree with the contents of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, 
the Collateral Agent shall on the Collateral Business Day immediately following receipt of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice send 
or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test Notice (a First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
and the Collateral Custodian specifying the agreed adjustments (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to 
be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities 
Sale and Purchase Agreement) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied.  
 
If the Collateral Agent disputes the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, it shall on the Collateral Business Day immediately 
following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent of such dispute in writing (a Dispute 
Notice) and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Agent shall consult with each other in good faith in an attempt to 
resolve the dispute.

--- Page 271 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
271 
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent are able to resolve the dispute following such consultation by the second 
Collateral Business Day following delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent shall send or cause to be 
sent a revised Collateral Test Notice (a Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent specifying 
the agreed adjustments (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Eligible Collateral Assets or Fiduciary Securities to be 
deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Transfer Agreement and/or the Securities 
Sale and Purchase Agreement) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied.  
 
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent fail to resolve the dispute by the second Collateral Business Day following 
delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, then the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Fiduciary) shall notify the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent in writing (such notice being a Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice) and it will follow the collateral test dispute 
resolution procedure (the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure) to determine the adjustments to be made to the Collateral 
Assets:  
 
(i) utilising any calculations, rules or criteria which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent have agreed are not in 
dispute;  
 
(ii) if such dispute relates to the satisfaction of or the Collateral Rules, appointing an independent third person (acting as an expert 
and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Collateral Agent and approved by the Collateral Monitoring Agent (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld) to determine whether such Collateral Rules are satisfied, with the determination of any such person being 
final and binding upon the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent; and  
 
(iii) if such dispute relates to the valuation of the Collateral Assets, calculating the value of those Collateral Assets in dispute by using 
reasonable endeavours to seek four actual, firm and executable quotations for such Collateral Assets at mid-market with contract 
sizes approximately equal to the value of such Collateral Assets, from leading dealers in assets similar in nature to the Collateral 
Assets, who are committed to trade with the Fiduciary or the Related Agreement Counterparty, which may include Societe Generale, 
as selected by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion acting in a commercially reasonable manner, and taking the weighted average 
of those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular Collateral Asset, then fewer than four quotations 
may be used for that Collateral Asset, and if no quotations are available for a particular Collateral Asset, then the Collateral Agent’s 
original calculations will be used for the Collateral Asset.  
 
Following a recalculation pursuant to the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, the Collateral Agent shall issue a Post Dispute 
Collateral Test Notice to the Fiduciary containing the Collateral Assets Value, the Required Collateral Assets Value and any 
adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary Account including, inter alia, the type and quantity of any Eligible Collateral Assets or 
Fiduciary Securities to be deposited and/or Collateral Assets to be removed such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied (in each 
case determined in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure), as soon as possible but in any event not later 
than the 30th Collateral Business Day following delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice. A Post Dispute Collateral Test 
Notice issued following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure shall be binding on the Collateral Agent and 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent and shall not be subject to further verification by the Collateral Monitoring Agent. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the determination of the Collateral Assets Value and the Required Collateral Assets Value (and the adjustments to be made 
to the Fiduciary Account in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure) will not constitute a Fiduciary Event.  
 
7. REQUIRED SETTLEMENT PERIOD AND EARLY REDEMPTION FOLLOWING THE OCCURRENCE OF A COLLATERAL 
DISRUPTION EVENT  
 
If the Fiduciary or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event has occurred, the Fiduciary may in its sole and 
absolute discretion redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the relevant Notes at the Early Redemption Amount following the occurrence 
of a Collateral Disruption Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event will not 
constitute a Fiduciary Event or a Related Agreement Counterparty Event.  
 
The delivery of the Collateral Assets for the adjustments to be made to the Fiduciary Account in accordance with a Collateral Test 
Notice, First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, 
as applicable, are required to be settled on or before the tenth Collateral Business Day following delivery of such Collateral Test 
Notice or, where such Collateral Test Notice is followed by a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, such delivery shall be settled on or 
before the tenth Collateral Business Day following delivery of the First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised 
Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable (such period the Required Settlement Period); provided 
that the 10 Collateral Business Day period may be extended up to a maximum additional period of sixty (60) Collateral Business Days 
if (i) the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Assets (or, to the extent applicable, the relevant Collateral Pool) have not been 
settled as a result of an event beyond the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Fiduciary (including, 
but not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability of the relevant clearing system to clear the relevant Collateral Assets) (a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption) or (ii) in relation to the Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period is greater than 10 Collateral 
Business Days under normal market conditions. During the above additional sixty Collateral Business Day period, the Collateral Agent 
may propose the replacement of the affected Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying with the Collateral Rules, or 
propose any other relevant measures so that the Collateral Test is satisfied.  
 
The Collateral Custodian shall notify the Fiduciary if the settlement of any transfer of Collateral Assets is not completed within the 
common market practice timeframe for settlement of the Collateral Asset being so transferred. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
notification shall be taken into account when assessing whether settlement has occurred during the Required Settlement Period 
described above.  
 
8. DEFAULT IN PROVISION OF COLLATERAL ASSETS

--- Page 272 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
272 
8.1 Related Agreement Counterparty  
 
The Related Agreement Counterparty shall be deemed to have defaulted in relation to its obligation to provide the required level of 
Collateral Assets if:  
 
(i) following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice which indicates that the Collateral Test is not satisfied (or will not be 
satisfied after taking into account any adjustments specified in a Collateral Test Notice):  
 
(a) no First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Notice has been sent; or  
 
(b) no Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has been sent; or  
 
(c) no Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has been sent,  
 
in each case on or before the fifth Collateral Business Day following the date on which the Collateral Agent had the obligation to send 
such notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent; or  
 
(ii) except in the case of a Collateral Settlement Disruption, the Related Agreement Counterparty fails to deliver the additional 
necessary Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied 
for 5 consecutive Collateral Business Days following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the 
Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have been actually been transferred to the Fiduciary Account shall 
be taken into account). 
 
 8.2 Fiduciary  
 
The Fiduciary shall be deemed to have defaulted in relation to its obligation to provide the required level of Collateral Assets if, 
following a Collateral Test Notice, the Fiduciary fails to return Collateral Assets to the Related Agreement Counterparty or deliver 
Fiduciary Securities.  
 
8.3 Collateral Settlement Disruption  
 
Notwithstanding Condition 8.1(ii) and Condition 8.2 herein, in the case of a Collateral Settlement Disruption, if at the end of the 60 
Collateral Business Day period the settlement has not occurred, this shall not constitute a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or 
a Fiduciary Event and instead shall constitute a Collateral Disruption Event.  
 
8.4 Consequences  
 
Subject to Condition 8.3 herein, the occurrence of an event specified in Conditions 8.1 or 8.2 herein shall constitute a Required 
Collateral Default. Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will send a notice (a 
Required Collateral Default Notice) to the Fiduciary specifying that a Required Collateral Default has occurred as soon as 
reasonably practicable upon the occurrence thereof.  
 
The delivery by the Collateral Monitoring Agent of a Required Collateral Default Notice shall constitute either (i) a Related Agreement 
Counterparty Event, if the Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered following the occurrence of an event described in Condition 
8.1 herein, or (ii) a Fiduciary Event if the Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered following the occurrence of an event described 
in Condition 8.2 herein.  
 
9. NOTE ACCELERATION AND REALISATION 
  
9.1 Acceleration  
 
The occurrence of (i) a Related Agreement Counterparty Event or (ii) a Fiduciary Event shall constitute a Collateral Liquidation Event, 
which shall cause the Notes to become due and repayable pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 9.1.  
 
If a Collateral Liquidation Event occurs in relation to a Series of Notes, the Fiduciary, or failing which the Principal Paying Agent shall 
give notice (a Collateral Liquidation Notice) in accordance with General Condition 13, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, as 
soon as reasonably practicable to all Noteholders of the occurrence of such Collateral Liquidation Event relating to such Series of 
Notes, following which such Series of Notes will become due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Liquidation 
Event Redemption Date (the Accelerated Notes).  
 
All Notes which are collateralised by the same Collateral Pool as the one collateralising the relevant Accelerated Note will also become 
immediately Accelerated Notes.  
 
If the Fiduciary has not paid all amounts due to Noteholders, then any Noteholder will be entitled to send a notice in writing (a 
Collateral Liquidation Notice) to the BNY Disposal Agent and the Fiduciary.  
 
The Fiduciary, or failing which the Principal Paying Agent shall, following receipt of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, give notice in 
accordance with General Condition 13, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable to all relevant 
Noteholders of such Accelerated Notes.

--- Page 273 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
273 
The Fiduciary, or failing which the Principal Paying Agent, shall promptly give notice of the fact that a Collateral Liquidation Notice 
has been given to the BNY Disposal Agent.  
 
9.2 Liquidation and Realisation of Collateral Assets  
 
Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Liquidation Event:  
 
• the BNY Disposal Agent shall, upon receipt of a Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt, (i) promptly notify the Fiduciary of the Collateral 
Liquidation Notice Receipt Date and (ii) in accordance with Condition 9.5 herein, liquidate the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool 
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than the Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline.  
 
• the Related Agreements will be terminated and the Swap Close-out Amount will be calculated as of the Breakage Cost Valuation 
Date by the party responsible for determining such amounts in accordance with the Swap Agreement; and  
 
• the Calculation Agent of the Notes shall on the Collateral Business Day immediately following the Breakage Cost Valuation Date 
calculate the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds and the Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds.  
 
Where:  
 
Breakage Cost Valuation Date means the earlier of (i) the date on which the BNY Disposal Agent will have liquidated all the Collateral 
Assets and (ii) the Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline.  
 
Breakage Cost Valuation Date Deadline means the date that falls 90 calendar days following the Collateral Liquidation Notice 
Receipt Date of if such date is not a Collateral Business Day the immediately following Collateral Business Day.  
 
Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds means, in relation to a Collateral Pool, the proceeds of liquidation of the Collateral Assets 
in that Collateral Pool pursuant to Condition 9.2 herein.  
 
Collateral Liquidation Notice Receipt Date means the date on which a Collateral Liquidation Notice is received (in accordance with 
the provisions of the Disposal Agency Agreement) by the BNY Disposal Agent.  
 
Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds means an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) an amount equal to the Collateral 
Assets Liquidation Proceeds as reduced by the amounts payable to the Margined Parties ranking above the holders of the Non-
Waived Notes. 
  
9.3 Liability of the BNY Disposal Agent  
 
The BNY Disposal Agent will not, in the absence of negligence, fraud and wilful misconduct, have any liability as to the consequence 
of any enforcement or realisation action and will not have regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders.  
 
9.4 Application and distribution of proceeds of realisation  
 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, after the realisation and 
liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool in accordance with Condition 9.2 herein, the BNY Disposal Agent 
shall use the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds to make payment of any amounts payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior 
to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms of each Series of 
Notes related to the Collateral Pool.  
 
Where:  
 
Order of Priority means the order specified in the applicable Final Terms following which the SG Disposal Agent or the BNY Disposal 
Agent, as the case may be, shall apply moneys received in accordance with Condition 9 herein. The Order of Priority may be the 
Standard Order of Priority (as defined below) or any alternative order of all or part of items (a) to (i) of the Standard Order of Priority, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Standard Order of Priority if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means that the Order of Priority shall follow the 
order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) specified below:  
 
(a) first, in payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes, to the BNY Disposal 
Agent, the SG Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of any sale of any 
Collateral Assets (including the distribution of proceeds) and/or, in the case of Secured Notes where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of the related Notes and the remuneration of the 
BNY Disposal Agent, the SG Disposal Agent and/or Paying Agent); 
  
(b) in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the Fiduciary;  
 
(c) in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the Fiduciary;  
 
(d) in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Related Agreement Counterparty by the Fiduciary in respect of or 
pursuant to any Related Agreement;

--- Page 274 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
274 
(e) in payment, pro rata, of any amounts due to holders of Non-Waived Notes; 
  
(f) if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is greater than the Early Redemption Amount, then such excess 
amount shall be distributed in the manner set forth below to the Noteholders of other Series collateralised by the same Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool (proportionnaly to the amounts still due to the Noteholders of such other Series, on a pro rata basis between each 
relevant Series of Notes and up to the Early Redemption Amount for each relevant Series), ranking pari passu with such Noteholder 
and for which the applicable Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one such Note is lower than the Early Redemption 
Amount;  
 
(g) in payment, pro rata, of any amounts due, if any, to holders of Waived Notes;  
 
(h) in payment, pro rata, of any amounts owed to the creditors (if any) whose claims have arisen as a result of the creation, operation 
or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent that the claims of any such creditor fall within paragraphs (a) to (g) above; 
and  
 
(i) in the case of Repack Notes and Secured Notes, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Related Agreement Counterparty.  
 
Following such payment, the BNY Disposal Agent shall determine the proportion of the remaining Fiduciary Assets Liquidation 
Proceeds applicable to the Notes collateralised by the same Collateral Pool by applying the Collateral Ratio. 
  
The Collateral Ratio means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (i) the Final Required 
Collateral Assets Value determined as if such Series of Notes were the only Series of Notes collateralised by the Collateral Pool 
divided by (ii) the Final Required Collateral Assets Value determined in respect of all Series of Notes collateralised by the Collateral 
Pool. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Ratio for a Single Series Collateral Pool shall be 100%.In addition, if the 
Collateralisation Percentage, in respect of a Series of Notes, equals zero, then the Collateral Ratio for such Series of Notes shall be 
deemed to be zero.  
 
Final Required Collateral Assets Value means the Required Collateral Assets Value as calculated by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent at the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice.  
 
The proportion in respect of each Series of Notes shall be the relevant Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount.  
 
The BNY Disposal Agent shall then determine the pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount in respect of each Note 
and shall notify such amount to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent.  
 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Liquidation Proceeds 
Series Amount will, subject as provided below in the case of Secured Notes, be applied by the BNY Disposal Agent in meeting the 
claims of Noteholders under the Notes pro rata to each such Note. In the case of Secured Notes, such claim will be adjusted in 
accordance with the following rules:  
 
(i) if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is greater than the Early Redemption Amount, then such excess 
amount will not be distributed to such Noteholder but will be distributed, in the limit of the Early Redemption Amount, to the Noteholders 
of other Series collateralised by the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool (proportionnaly to the amounts still due to the Noteholders 
of such other Series, on a pro rata basis between each relevant Series of Notes), ranking pari passu with such Noteholder and for 
which the applicable Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one such Note is lower than the Early Redemption Amount. 
Following such distribution, any remaining Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds shall be distributed to the Margined Parties ranking 
after the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Standard Order of Priority or Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
 
(ii) otherwise, if the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount pro rated to one Note is lower than the Early Redemption Amount and there 
is no excess amount to be distributed in accordance with the subparagraph (i) above then, in accordance with Condition 9.4 herein, 
such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Fiduciary for such shortfall amount. All claims in respect of 
such shortfall shall be automatically extinguished and such Noteholder shall have no further recourse against the Fiduciary in respect 
of such shortfall amount and will accordingly not be able to petition for the winding-up of the Fiduciary as a consequence of such 
shortfall.  
The Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount shall be paid to each Noteholder on the fifth Collateral Business Day following the Breakage 
Cost Valuation Date (such date the Liquidation Event Redemption Date).  
 
If, following the calculation of the Swap Close-out Amount set forth in Condition 3.4.2.2, such amount is paid by the Related Agreement 
Counterparty to the Fiduciary, it shall be used by BNY Disposal Agent to pay any residual amount due to Margined Parties after the 
Collateral Liquidation Proceeds were distributed in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority.  
 
The distribution of the Swap Close-out Amount, if any, shall be done following the same Order of Priority. If, with respect to Series of 
Notes related to a Collateral Pool, the Liquidation Proceeds Series Amount which has been distributed under one or more Series of 
Notes is not sufficient to repay the Early Redemption Amount under such Series of Notes, then the residual amount of the Swap 
Close-out Amount, if any, shall be distributed between such Series of Notes, proportionnaly to the amounts still due to the Noteholders 
of such Series, on a pro rata basis between each Series of Notes and up to the Early Redemption Amount for each relevant Series 
of Notes. 
  
9.5 Method of realisation of Collateral Assets

--- Page 275 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
275 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in this Part 3, in effecting any sales, the BNY Disposal Agent may sell the Collateral Assets 
in one single tranche or in smaller tranches as it considers appropriate. The BNY Disposal Agent may effect sales of the Collateral 
Assets (i) on any securities exchange on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted, (ii) in the over-the-counter market or 
(iii) in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or in the over-the counter market.  
 
Where the BNY Disposal Agent disposes of any Collateral Assets other than on any securities exchange on which the Collateral 
Assets may be listed or quoted then:  
 
(a) the BNY Disposal Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three independent dealers in assets similar in nature to the 
relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in 
respect of designated tranches thereof, as it considers appropriate);  
 
(b) for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (a) above, the BNY Disposal Agent may itself provide a bid in respect of 
the relevant Collateral Assets or any tranche thereof; and  
 
(c) the BNY Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept, in respect of each relevant tranche or, as applicable, the entirety of the 
relevant Collateral Assets, the highest quotation so obtained (which may be a quotation from the BNY Disposal Agent (when providing 
such quotations the BNY Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially reasonable manner)).  
 
9.6 Inability to realise Collateral Assets  
 
If the BNY Disposal Agent is unable to sell the Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or on which the Collateral Assets may 
be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the sale of one or more Collateral Assets, on or before the last possible 
Breakage Cost Valuation Date, any unsold Collateral Assets will be deemed to have a value of zero in calculating the Collateral Assets 
Liquidation Proceeds. In such a case, the BNY Disposal Agent shall give a notice to all Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable after the last possible Breakage Cost Valuation Date.  
 
9.7 Use of Collateral Custodian  
 
The payment of any Fiduciary Assets Liquidation Proceeds and/or Liquidation Proceeds Amounts may, at the request of the BNY 
Disposal Agent, be undertaken by the Collateral Custodian pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement. 
  
The Collateral Custodian is authorised and directed by the Fiduciary to make or arrange for deliveries to, and to accept deliveries 
from, or arrange for deliveries to be accepted by, the relevant Fiduciary Account in accordance with the instructions of the Collateral 
Agent, and is not responsible for ascertaining whether any such instructions are given in accordance with the Terms of the Conditions 
and the Swap Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the Securities Sale and Purchase Agreement and/or the Collateral 
Transfer Agreement (as the case may be) and shall have no liability whatsoever for any loss arising if any such instructions are not 
so given in accordance with the Conditions and the Swap Agreement, the Securities Lending Agreement, the Securities Sale and 
Purchase Agreement and/or the Collateral Transfer Agreement (as the case may be).  
 
9.8 Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets with respect to Secured Notes  
 
If "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, following a Collateral Liquidation Event 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine the Collateral Assets Entitlement in respect of each Note and shall notify such amounts 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and Disposal Agent.  
 
The Collateral Assets Entitlement means, for each Non-Waived Note of a Series where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
applicable, Collateral Assets with a value (based on the market valuations of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the 
Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral Liquidation Notice) equal to (a) the product of (i) the Collateral 
Ratio applicable to such Series of Notes, and (ii) the Final Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Collateral Pool which collateralises 
such Series of Notes, divided by (b) the number of Non-Waived Notes of the relevant Series of Notes.  
 
Final Collateral Assets Value means (i) the Collateral Assets Value as determined by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the 
Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice minus (ii) any amounts payable to the 
Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Subject as provided below, the Disposal Agent will either:  
 
(a) realise and liquidate sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance with Condition 9.2 herein, to ensure payment of any amounts 
payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or  
 
(b) upon transfer of sufficient funds by the Noteholders, pay any such amount payable to the Margined Parties ranking prior to the 
holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Following such payment, the Disposal Agent will notify Noteholders of the date for the Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement 
(the Collateral Delivery Date) in accordance with General Condition 13, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, and will direct the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Collateral Custodian to Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to a nominee specified by the 
Noteholders of each Series of Notes collateralised by the relevant Collateral Pool:

--- Page 276 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
276 
(a) if the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on the valuations of the market 
value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral 
Liquidation Notice) for a particular Note is greater than the Early Redemption Amount, then assets from the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement for a value equal to such excess amount will be liquidated and the proceeds thereof will then be distributed to the Margined 
Parties ranking after the holders of Non-Waived Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and  
 
(b) otherwise, when the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on the valuations 
of the market value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery 
of the Collateral Liquidation Notice) for a particular Note is lower than the Early Redemption Amount, then, in accordance with 
Condition 9.4 herein such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Fiduciary for such shortfall amount.  
 
9.9 Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event  
 
If, in the opinion of the Disposal Agent, Delivery of all or some of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement 
using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Collateral 
Custodian or the Disposal Agent has determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event having occurred and continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral Delivery Date shall be postponed to the 
first following Collateral Business Day in respect of which there is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, 
provided that the Principal Paying Agent may elect in its sole discretion to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date 
shall be such day as the Collateral Custodian or the Disposal Agent deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Collateral 
Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Collateral 
Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be delivered to the nominee of the Noteholders, the Collateral Delivery 
Date for those Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement which are able to be Delivered will be the Collateral 
Delivery Date on which such Collateral Assets are delivered.  
 
If Delivery of any Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement is not possible due to the occurrence of a Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for a period of greater than 20 Collateral Business Days (or such other period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Disposal Agent 
shall sell or realise such undeliverable collateral assets and deliver the proceeds thereof to Noteholders in the manner set out in the 
Conditions 9.4 and 9.5. herein.  
 
If either (i) the Disposal Agent is unable to sell the Collateral Assets on any securities exchange on which the Collateral Assets may 
be listed or quoted or obtain the three quotations required for the sale of the Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 9.5 
herein or (ii) the Principal Paying Agent, acting at the direction of the Disposal Agent, is unable to Deliver such Collateral Assets due 
to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, for a period of one year from the date of the relevant 
Collateral Liquidation Event, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to accept the first available price for such Collateral Assets.  
 
The Disposal Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent, that a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder shall be 
entitled to any payment in respect of the Notes in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and no liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Fiduciary or the Guarantor.  
 
10. OTHER LIQUIDATION OF COLLATERAL ASSETS  
 
The Fiduciary shall be entitled at any time to (a) return CTA Collateral Assets to the Related Agreement Counterparty in accordance 
with the Collateral Transfer Agreement and (b) liquidate, or instruct any third party (including, without limitation, the BNY Disposal 
Agent and the SG Disposal Agent) to liquidate on its behalf, any Collateral Assets where required to do so for the purposes of giving 
effect to any early or scheduled redemption of Notes, including for the purposes of making any related payments under any Related 
Agreement. Such liquidation shall be conducted on such terms as the Fiduciary may determine.  
 
11. NOTICES  
 
All notices and reports to be delivered pursuant to this Part 3 shall be copied to each of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor, the Collateral 
Custodian, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Related Agreement Counterparty (save to the extent the 
notice is sent by or deliverable to any such person). In addition, all notices concerning the provisions of Condition 11 herein shall be 
copied to the BNY Disposal Agent.

--- Page 277 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
277 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE  
 
The following Additional Terms and conditions relating to formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) 
will apply to :  
 
-    any Note the applicable Final Terms of which include a clause called "Reference of the Product" in which appears a reference 
to a paragraph of the Condition 3 below.  
 
 
The definitions used in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae may also apply to a Note the applicable Final Terms 
of which specify that all or part of the capitalized terms used therein have the meaning as described to them in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae.  
 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, a Note to which they apply is a Product.  
 
Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Product). 
 
OVERVIEW 
 
Contents and description 
Family of Product 
A Family of Products is a group of Product having similar
characteristics. For each Family of Product, formulae and variable
data are defined in order to determine the Product  Amounts
(defined below).  
Reference of the Product 
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference number with
the first two digits corresponding to the reference of the Family of
Product to which the Product belongs and the third digit
corresponding to the Product itself. The applicable Final Terms of
a Product shall indicate the Reference of the Product (which
corresponds to a paragraph of Condition 3 below where are listed
all the formulae and variable data used to determine the Product
Amounts (defined below)), and as the case may be, the Options
and Add-ons necessary to determine these amounts.  
 
Product : 
a Product is a Note to which these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae apply and having one or more Structured
Interest Amount(s) (if any), one or more Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) (if any), and a Final Redemption Amount (each a 
Product Amount and together the Product Amounts), each determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of a set of definitions
and formulae listed in Condition 3 below in the relevant paragraph corresponding to the Reference of the Product.  
Structured Interest Amount(s)  
(as the case may be) 
[as described in Condition 1.1 below ] 
Common principles: 
For each Product, each Product Amount (i.e. Structured Interest
Amount(s), Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) and the Final
Redemption Amount) is equal to the formula (Specified Denomination x
Product Formula) 
For each Product and each Product Amount, a Product Formula is
based on and/or combines one or more specific definitions and formulae,
called Variable Data and ReferenceFormula(e). 
  
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
several 
Variable 
Data 
and
ReferenceFormula(e) can be associated with a particular Product
Formula. 
 
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s) ; Specific Definition(s) ;
Variable Data ; Reference Formula(e) ; Add-on(s)} 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s)  
(if any) 
[as described in Condition 1.2 below ] 
Final Redemption Amount 
[as described in Condition 1.3 below ] 
 
 
The following provisions will apply for the Structured Interest Amount(s) (if any), Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) (if any) and
the Final Redemption Amount: 
Schedule 
[as described in Condition 2.1 below] 
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s) or Relevant 
Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) listed in the applicable Final
Terms, or (ii) Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or
any other date(s) comprised within a period defined in the
applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for
the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount.
For ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period,

--- Page 278 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
278 
Corridor Period, Interest Period, European Knock-In Period,
American Knock-In Period...).  
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a particular
Schedule, also for ease of reading, Valuation Date or Relevant
Valuation Date may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule
made of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed
"Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with annual Relevant
Valuation Dates, "Relevant Valuation Date" may be renamed
"Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule relating to a specific
Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A
Valuation Date",...). 
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates whatever their names
shall be considered as Valuation Dates as defined in the relevant
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s),
with the exception of the Averaging Date which shall keep the
meaning of Averaging Date as defined in the relevant Additional
Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s), 
General Definitions  
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means the definitions in Condition 5 below that may apply to any
Family of Product and any Product within a Family of Product. 
Specific Definition(s) 
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means, if relevant, definition(s) and formula(e) required for the
determination and calculation of a Product Amount, specific to a
particular Product. In Condition 3, when the determination of a
Product Formula of a Product Amount needs one or several
specific definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" will appear
in the paragraph of the corresponding Product with either (i) a
specific definition contained in these Additional Terms and
Conditions relating to Formulae or (ii) the reference(s) to the
Conditions below where the Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary
for the determination and calculation of the a Product Amount of
such Product can be found. 
Variable Data 
[as described in Condition 2.3 below] 
Means, for the Product Formula of a Product Amount, the variable
data used as input(s) in the Product Formula for the determination
and calculation of the Product Amount and specified with the 
relevant (inter alia) amount, level, percentage or the value of the
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product in
the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Formula(e) 
[as described in Condition 2.4 below] 
Means, a formula appearing among the list of Reference Formulae
appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 and which serves to notice or
to calculate (i) the price of an Underlying called Reference Price,
(ii) the Level of an Underlying called Reference Level, (iii) the
Performance of an Underlying called Reference Performance
and/or (iv) the Fixing of a Reference Rate called Reference
Fixing, used as the case may be, for one or several Product
Formula(e) of one or several Product Amount(s). 
Any Reference Formula may be indexed to any type of Underlying
which terms and conditions are governed by the relevant
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying. 
The Reference Formulae listed in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 are
grouped by family.   
Add-on 
[as described in Condition 1.4 below] 
Means the list of generic features that can be applied to any
standard Product Formula(e) in order to either supplement or 
modify or supersede these standard Product Formula(e). The
clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms
will specify the Add-on(s) applicable to such Product.  
Option 1, 2,…X  
Means within a same Family of Product or Add-on the different
variations of the Product Formula(e) used for the calculation of a
Product Amount. These different Options are described in
Condition 3. The clause "Reference of the Product" of the
applicable Final Terms will indicate the Option applicable to the
Product. 
Scenario 1, 2,…X 
Means, the fact that a Product Amount of a single Product may be
determined and calculated in different ways depending on the
occurrence of one or more events involving one or more Reference
Formula(e) defined below.  
 
1.      PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS  
 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formula described in Condition 3. 
 
1.1     Structured Interest Amount

--- Page 279 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
279 
 
For a Product, Structured Interest Amount (if any) means an amount calculated on the basis of a Product Formula and which depends 
to a condition being met and/or that the price of the Underlying raised a certain level or realized a certain performance. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms of a Product specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is stated as being "Applicable", 
any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Structured Interest Amount(s) of the Product appearing in the paragraph relating 
to the Reference Product in Condition 3 will be replicated in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" of the applicable Final Terms 
with the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the Specific 
Definitions and/or applicable Add-Ons: 
 
Structured Interest Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, on [each] [the] Interest Payment
Date[(i) (i from t1 to t2)], the 
Fiduciary shall pay to the Noteholders, for each Note, an amount
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
[The sum of each Structured Interest Amount(i) determined in
respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i from t1 to t2) [occurring before
the Interest Payment Date], each Structured Interest Amount(i)
being equal to:] 
 
[Insert the Structured Interest Amount corresponding to the
relevant Reference Product. The applicable definitions to the
Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
 
1.2     Automatic Early Redemption Amount  
 
   1.2.1   General description 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Automatic Early Redemption" is stated as being "Applicable", any relevant 
Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the 
Reference Product in Condition 3 will be replicated in the clause "Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s)" of the applicable Final 
Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the 
Specific Definitions and/or applicable Add-ons:  
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s): 
Unless previously redeemed, if an Automatic Early Redemption
Event has occurred, then the 
Fiduciary shall redeem early the Notes on Automatic Early
Redemption Date(i) (i from t1 to t2), by payment of an amount
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the
following provisions in respect of each Note: 
 
[Insert the Automatic Early Redemption Amount of the Product
corresponding to the relevant Reference Product. The applicable
definitions to the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause
"Definitions relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.]
 
 
   1.2.2   Automatic Early Redemption Events  
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t), Reference Date(s)(x) or Reference Date(s)(y) means  
 
    -    [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
    -    [the date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
    -    [each of Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least one Valuation Date(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)]  or  
 
    -    [[NumberofDays] consecutive Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] [ or  
 
    -    [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within 
the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)]  or 
 
    -    [date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [each of date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)]  or

--- Page 280 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
280 
 
    -    [at least one date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [[NumberofDays] consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least [NumberofDays] non consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)]  or  
 
    -    [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or  
 
    -    [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]  
 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms if the case may be. 
 
a)   Description  
 
Mono-Underlying  
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference 
Date(s)(x)]  [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] 
[[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t)]] or [at least one Closing Price [S(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i)]]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings  
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of 
each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] 
or [ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i,k)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i,k)]]. 
 
b) Variable Data: 
NumberofDays; AutocallBarrier; AutocallBarrier_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
1.3     Final Redemption Amount   
 
1.3.1   General principles 
 
 Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Product appearing in the paragraph 
relating to the Reference Product in Condition 3 will be replicated in the clause "Final Redemption Amount" of the applicable Final 
Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the 
Specific Definitions and/or applicable Add-ons set out in Conditions 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 1.4 below: 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed, the Fiduciary shall redeem the Notes
on the [Scheduled] Maturity Date, by payment of an amount
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the
following provisions in respect of each Note: 
 
[Insert the Final Redemption Amount of the Product corresponding
to the relevant Reference Product. The applicable definitions to the
Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.]

--- Page 281 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
281 
 
b)   If the Notes are Open-ended Notes or EU Allowance Notes, any product of (i) Specified Denomination and (ii) the Product Formula 
used to determine a Final Redemption Amount in Condition 3 below may be used as an Optional Redemption Amount in which case 
such product of (i) Specified Denomination and (ii) Product Formula shall be replicated in the clause "Optional Redemption Amount" 
of the relevant Final Terms and the Reference Product [and the Option as the case may be] for such Final Redemption Amount shall 
be indicated in such Final Terms. 
 
1.3.2    Physical Delivery principles  
 
a)   Description of Physical Delivery Amount: 
 
CASE 1: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the basis of one Underlying and the currency 
of the Underlying is the same as the  Specified Currency: 
 
An integer number of Deliverable Asset determined and calculated pursuant to the following formula: 
 
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice 
 
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in the Specified Currency is calculated by 
multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Closing Price of the [Underlying][Underlying(k)] as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount 
is rounded up to 4 decimals. 
 
CASE 2: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the basis of one Underlying and the currency 
of the Underlying is different from the Specified Currency: 
 
An integer number of Deliverable Asset determined and calculated pursuant to the following formula: 
 
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / (PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice x FXRate(T)) 
 
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in the Specified Currency is calculated by 
multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Product of (i) the relevant Closing Price of the [Underlying][Underlying(k)] as of Valuation 
Date(T) and (ii) the relevant FXRate as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals. 
 
CASE 3: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the basis of more than one Underlying and 
the currency of these Underlyings is the same as the Specified Currency: 
 
An integer number of Deliverable Asset(k) determined and calculated pursuant to the following formula: 
 
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice(k)  
 
With: 
 
(k) being the Underlying with the lowest Performance(T,k), provided that if several Underlyings achieve the same lowest 
Performance(T,k), the Underlying having the largest market capitalisation is retained; 
 
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in the Specified Currency is calculated by 
multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Closing Price of this Underlying(k) as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded 
up to 4 decimals. 
 
CASE 4: if the Final Redemption Amount of a Product is determined and calculated on the basis of more than one Underlying and 
the currency of at least one Underlying is different from the Specified Currency: 
 
An integer number of Deliverable Asset(k) determined and calculated pursuant to the following formula: 
 
Physical Delivery Amount(T) = Specified Denomination / (PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice(k) x FXRate(T)) 
 
With: 
 
(k) being the Underlying with the lowest Performance(T,k), provided that if several Underlyings achieve the same lowest 
Performance(T,k), the Underlying having the largest market capitalisation is retained;  
 
The fractional part of this number, if any, is paid in cash: this cash amount denominated in the Specified Currency is calculated by 
multiplying (a) the fractional part by (b) the Product of (i) the relevant Closing Price of this Underlying(k) as of Valuation Date(T) and 
(ii) the relevant FXRate as of Valuation Date(T). This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals. 
 
Being specified that, in the case where (i) a Non-exempt Offer and (ii) the share in Societe Generale is specified as Deliverable Asset 
in the applicable Final Terms, the part of the Physical Delivery Amount composed by shares in Societe Generale will be replaced by 
a cash amount. This cash amount is calculated by multiplying (a) the number of shares in Societe Generale being in the composition 
of the Physical Delivery Amount by (b) the Closing Price of the share in Societe Generale as of Valuation Date(T) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. This cash amount is rounded up to 4 decimals and converted, if any, in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 282 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
282 
b)   Variable Data: 
 
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice 
 
1.4    Add-ons relating to Product Formulae 
 
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 3 below, this will supplement, 
modify or supersede, such Product Formula.  
For each Product Amount in respect of which an Add-on is used, the relevant Product Amount section of the applicable Final Terms 
shall include the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.4.1 to 1.4.11), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the relevant 
Add-on (Conditions 1.4.5 to 1.4.6) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3) and / or Variable Data (Condition 5). 
 
1.4.1   Add-on relating to Automatic Early Redemption Amount   
 
 
If the paragraph "Automatic Early Redemption Amount" of a Product of a Family of Product is specified as being "Applicable" in 
Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows in accordance with the information indicated in the clause "Reference 
of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms:  
 
   -   this clause may be set as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, no Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount shall be paid under the Product;  
 
   -   the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be superseded by one or more 
Product Formula(e) relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described 
in Condition 3 below. 
 
   -   the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Automatic Early Redemption may be superseded by one or more Product 
Formula(e) relating to the Final Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 
below, calculated on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
if the paragraph "Automatic Early Redemption Amount" of a Product of a Family of Product is specified as being "Not Applicable" in 
Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified to" Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, 
an Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be paid for this Product by applying (i) the Product Formula relating to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below or (ii) the Product 
Formula(e) relating to the Final Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 
below, calculated on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
1.4.2    Add-on relating to the Structured Interest Amount  
 
If the paragraph "Structured Interest Amount" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of a Product of a Family of Product in Condition 
3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows in accordance with the information indicated in the clause "Reference of the 
Product" of the applicable Final Terms:  
 
   -   this clause may be set as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, no Structured Interest 
Amount shall be paid under the Product;  
 
   -   the Product Formula(e) predefined in Condition 3 below relating to the Structured Interest Amount(s) may be replaced by one or 
more Product Formula(e) relating to the Structured Interest Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in 
Condition 3 below. 
 
If the clause "Structured Interest Amount" is specified as "Not Applicable" in respect of a Product of a Family of Product in Condition 
3 below, this may nevertheless be modified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and consequently, a Structured 
Interest Amount(s) shall be paid under the Product by applying the Product Formula relating to the Structured Interest Amount of any 
other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below.  
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below relating to the Structured Interest Amount of a Product of the Family of Products 
"Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products" may be superseded or supplemented by any other Product Formula relating to 
the Structured Interest Amount of a Product of any Family of Product other than the Family of Products "Credit Linked Products or 
Repack Notes Products" described in Condition 3 below. In addition, in such a case “Specified Denomination” in the formula of the 
Structured Interest Amount will be adjusted as per below: 
 
   -   in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by 
"Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon"; and  
 
   -   in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by the "Relevant 
Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms 
stipulate that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" or "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event"’ (as applicable) is specified 
as being "Guaranteed Coupon". 
 
1.4.3   Add-on relating to Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products

--- Page 283 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
283 
 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 (relating to the Structured Interest Amount and/or the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount) of a Product of the Family of Products other than "Credit Linked Products or Repack 
Notes Products" may be superseded or supplemented by any other Product Formula (relating to the Structured Interest Amount and/or 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount) of a Product of the Family of Product "Credit Linked 
Products or Repack Notes Products". In such a case, all the provisions applicable to the Family of Product "Credit Linked Products 
or Repack Notes Products" in case of occurrence of one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) or Bond Event Determination 
Date(s) (as applicable) will apply to a Product Formula, notwithstanding Condition 1.1.1 and 1.1.2(i) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and Condition 1.1.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Repack Notes, as applicable. 
 
In addition, when relevant: 
 
a.    The formula of the Structured Interest Amount will be adjusted as per below:  
 
   -   in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by 
"Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon"; and  
 
   -   in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, where relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by the "Relevant 
Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms 
stipulate that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" or "Accrual of Interest upon Bond Event"’ (as applicable) is specified 
as being "Guaranteed Coupon". 
 
b.    The formula of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) will be 
adjusted as per below:   
 
   -   "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount" in the formula of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount; or  
 
   -   the full formula of the “Automatic Early Redemption Amount” will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount".  
 
c.    The formula of the Final Redemption Amount if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) will be adjusted as per 
below:  
 
   -   "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount" in the formula of the Final Redemption Amount; or  
 
   -   the full formula of the “Final Redemption Amount” will be replaced by "Cash Redemption Amount". 
 
1.4.4   Add-on relating to Memory Coupon(s)  
 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Structured Interest Amount related to a 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event related to an Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, can 
be modified as follows in order to take into account the Structured Interest Amount and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
crystallised by the Product on all preceding Valuation Date(s). 
 
The memory effect applies at Memory Valuation Dates which are included in the Schedule of Valuation Dates(i) with VD(T) being the 
last valuation date of this Schedule. The applicable Final Terms shall specify the Valuation Dates as well as the Memory Valuation 
Dates. There are the two following cases for the same product: 
 
CASE 1: Valuation Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date: 
 
[Structured Interest Amount(VD(i))] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(VD(i))] = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination 
x Participation_1 x ProductFormula(VD(i)) – SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)))) 
 
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_FRA 
x 
(ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + ProductFormula_FRA(VD(T))) – SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(T-1)))) 
 
Where: 
 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)) = SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-2)) + [Structured Interest Amount(VD(i-1))] [+Fixed Coupon 
Amount(VD(i-1))] [+ Floating Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] 
SumCouponsCrystallised may be an amount or the observed value of a ReferenceFormula applied to the Product Underlying(s). 
 
With: 
 
[SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) = 0 (zero) ] or [SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) = SumCoupons_t1]

--- Page 284 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
284 
CASE 2: Valuation Date(i) is not a Memory Valuation Date  
 
[Structured Interest Amount(VD(i))] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(VD(i))] = Max(Floor(i); Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination 
x Participation_2 x ProductFormula(VD(i)))) 
 
With: 
 
Participation, Floor and Cap being Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
a)    Application: general case 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is higher than or equal to -5% and Valuation Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date, then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(VD(i)) = Specified Denomination x (3% x i) – SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)) 
 
Where:  
 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(i-1)) = SumCouponCrystallised(VD(i-2)) + [Structured Interest Amount(VD(i-1))] [+Fixed Coupon 
Amount (VD(i-1))] [+ Floating Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] 
 
With: 
 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) = 0] or [SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is higher than or equal to -5% and Valuation Date(i) is not a Memory Valuation Date, then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(VD(i)) = Specified Denomination x 3% 
 
Scenario 3: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), Performance(VD(i)) is lower than -5%, then: 
Structured Interest Amount(VD(i)) = 0 (zero) 
 
b)    Specific case: each Valuation Date(i) is a Memory Valuation Date  
 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Structured Interest Amount related to a 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event related to an Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, can 
be modified as follows in order to take into account the Structured Interest Amount and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
crystallised by the product on all preceding Valuation Date(s). In this case, the applicable Final Terms will not specify Memory 
Valuation Dates. 
 
[Structured Interest Amount(i)] [Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i)] = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination x 
Participation(i) x ProductFormula(i) – SumCouponsCrystallised(i-1))) 
 
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_FRA 
x 
(ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + ProductFormula_FRA(VD(T))) – SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(T-1))))  
 
Where: 
 
SumCouponsCrystallised(i-1) = SumCouponsCrystallised(i-2) + [Structured Interest Amount(i-1)] [+Fixed Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] 
[+ Floating Coupon Amount (VD(i-1))] 
SumCouponsCrystallised may be an amount or the observed value of a ReferenceFormula applied to the Product Underlying(s). 
 
With: 
 
SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(0)) = 0] or [SumCouponsCrystallised(VD(t1)) = SumCoupons_t1] 
Participation, Floor and Cap being Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4.5   Add-on relating to Global Factors 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount may be modified by the 
addition of a GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor and GlobalMultiplicativeFactor: 
 
The Variable Data below are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 285 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
285 
 
 
Option 1: If a GlobalCap applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Min(GlobalCap ; ProductFormula), with GlobalCap being a Variable Data specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 2: If a GlobalFloor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Max(GlobalFloor ; ProductFormula), with GlobalFloor being a Variable Data specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 3: If a GlobalAdditiveFactor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x (ProductFormula + GlobalAdditiveFactor), with GlobalAdditiveFactor being a Variable 
Data specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 4: If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x ProductFormula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor, with GlobalMultiplicativeFactor being a 
Variable Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
1.4.6    Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount expressed in a currency 
other than the Specified Currency may be modified as follows in order to ensure that the Product Amount is denominated and paid in 
the Specified Currency: 
 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, when relevant: 
 
a.    the Aggregate Nominal Amount, expressed in the Specified Currency, may be converted into a currency other than the Specified 
Currency (the Hedge Currency) at the beginning of the lifetime of the product. In such case, the following precision will be given in 
the applicable Final Terms with respect to the Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
Upon receipt of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Specified Currency relating to the Aggregate Nominal Amount, Societe 
Generale, when entering into hedging transactions in its role of Fiduciary of the Notes or in its role of provider of hedging instruments 
to the  
Fiduciary of the Notes, as the case may be, will convert such proceeds denominated in the Specified Currency into the Hedge 
Currency, in accordance with FXRate(0), and will hedge the product by using the proceeds converted into the Hedge Currency. 
 
b.    when the Aggregate Nominal Amount has been converted into the Hedge Currency, the Nominal Amount, the Relevant Proportion 
of the Interest Calculation Amount, the Cash Redemption Amount, or any amount used to determine an amount to be paid by the 
Fiduciary to the Noteholders as specifed in the applicable Final Terms, each of such amount being thus deemed to be expressed in 
the Hedge Currency, may be converted into the Specified Currency in order to ensure that the related Product Amount, or any other 
related amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount, is denominated and paid in the 
Specified Currency. In such case: 
 
   -   FXRate(i) (i from 1 to T) shall be multiplied to the Product Formula of the related Product Amount or be taken into account in 
determining any other related amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount; and 
 
   -   the following precision will be given in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the related Product Amount, or any other related 
amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount: 
 
Pursuant to the initial conversion into the Hedge Currency of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Specified  Currency relating 
to the Aggregate Nominal Amount, [the Nominal Amount] [the Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount] [the Cash 
Redemption Amount] [any amount used to determine an amount to be paid by the Fiduciary  to the Noteholders as specifed in the 
applicable Final Terms], and any other related amount, will be deemed to be denominated in the Hedge Currency. 
 
[The related Product Amount] [Any other related amount to be paid by the Fiduciary to Noteholders and not deemed to be a Product 
Amount], and when relevant, any other amount relating to the [payment of interest] [reimbursement of capital] to be received by the 
Noteholders, will be payable in the Specified Currency. 
 
Each FXRate(i) (i from 0 to T) mentioned above will be defined in accordance with Condition 4.0 herein. 
 
1.4.7   Add-on relating to Capitalisation Rate 
 
For some Products for which there is a significant period of time between the Last Valuation Date and the last Payment Date, the 
Product Formula can become:

--- Page 286 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
286 
 
 Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate 
 
With CapitalisationRate calculated on the relevant period of calculation.  
 
As an illustration, such CapitalisationRate can be Eonia Rate, …  
 
1.4.8   Add-on relating to hedging fees applicable to a Product Formula 
 
For some Products for which specific hedging fees are applicable, the Product Formula can become: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x Hedging Fees Factor 
 
And 
 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) = Product(t from 1 to t) [ (1 - Factor_1(t-1) × Act(t-1,t)/360) × (1 - (Factor_Fees(t-1)+Factor_Gap(t-1) 
+Factor_Collat(t-1)+Factor_Quanto(t-1)) × Ac(t-1,t)/360) × (1 + Factor_Rate(t-1) ×Act(t-1,t)/[360][365] )] 
 
Where: 
 
Factor_1(t) means [0] [Factor_1, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [a rate which is an 
annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_1(0) is equal to Factor_1 as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_1(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_1_Max.] 
 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.Max.].] [a rate 
which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_Fees(t) will be equal to Factor_Fees as of 
Valuation Date(0) and for each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Fees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent 
provided that it shall not exceed Factor_Fees_Max.] [the sum of the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the 
Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Weighting Advisor. Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) will be equal to Factor_AdvisoryFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_AdvisoryFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_AdvisoryFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Distributor.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the 
Distributor. Factor_DistributionFees(t) will be equal to Factor_DistributionFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_DistributionFees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_DistributionFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Calculation Agent. Factor_StructuringFees(t) will be equal to Factor_StructuringFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_StructuringFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_StructuringFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_Gap(t) means [0] [Factor_Gap_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Gap(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual gap 
premium rate as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Fiduciary (and/or its affiliates) 
would charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value 
of the Product becoming negative]. 
 
Factor_Collat(t) means [0][Factor_Collat_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Collat(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [, for each Valuation Date(t), an annual rate which shall 
be determined with respect to such Valuation Date(t) by the Calculation Agent as][the cost that would be incurred by the Fiduciary 
(and/or its affiliates) if it were to borrow the Collateral Assets (through, for example, but without limitation, a securities lending or 
repurchase agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Product as of such Valuation Date(t) (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent)] [multiplied by the Collateralisation Percentage]. 
 
Factor_Quanto(t) means [0] [Factor_Quanto_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Quanto(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual 
quanto cost as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Fiduciary (and/or its affiliates) 
would charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the foreign exchange risk 
under the Product]  
 
Factor_Rate(t) means, in respect of Valuation Date(t), the fixing of Interest_Rate_Overnight, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Rate Source.

--- Page 287 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
287 
Interest_Rate_Overnight means an interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Rate Source means a data source specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4.9   Add on relating to Optional Redemption Amount(s)  
 
 
In the case of Notes other than Preference Share Linked Notes and Warrant Linked Notes, if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is "Applicable": 
 
-   The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Redemption Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more Product 
Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 
below calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date and (ii) different from the Product Formula of 
the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" is "Applicable": 
 
-   The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Redemption Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more Product 
Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Redemption Amount of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 
below calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Redemption Date and (ii) different from the Product Formula of 
the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4.10   Add-on relating to Variable Data 
 
Any Variable Data that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products 
defined in Condition 3 below, can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 or by any value yielded 
by one or several mathematical operations which may imply one or several Reference Formula(e) appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29, 
and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Product Amount. 
 
Illustration :  
 
For the product 3.3.2 "Digital Coupon Autocall", the paragraph “Variable Data” indicates “CouponBarrier” among other Variable Datas. 
If the Add-on relating to Variable Data is specified as Applicable, CouponBarrier  can be replaced by any Reference Formulae 
appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29. 
 
As an example, CouponBarrier(i) can be defined as ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)). 
 
 
1.4.11    Add-on relating to EU Allowance  
 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Structured Interest Amount related to a 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption Amount and/or determine an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event related to an Automatic Early Redemption Date(i) (i from 1 to T) and/or a Final Redemption Amount, as the case may be, can 
be modified in order to take into account the Arbitrage Opportunity. The applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Reference Formulae 
from Condition 4 below used in this incoming Product Formula. 
 
where applied to the Structured Interest Amount: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; [Coupon_1 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) ) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity(i) ] - 
Max(Floor_1 ; Min(Cap_1 ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_SIA _Spread Value(i) – Strike_1))) ] 
 
where applied to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 [+ Coupon_2 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) ) ] ] [+ 
ReferenceFormula_Arbitrage Opportunity(i)] - Max(Floor_2 ; Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_AERA _Spread 
Value(i) –Strike_2))) ] 
 
Or applied to the relevant scenario of the Final Redemption Amount 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 [+ Coupon_3 x [ ( Act(i1,i2) / Act(i3,i4) ) ] ] [+ ReferenceFormula_ 
Arbitrage Opportunity(T)] - Max(Floor_3 ; Min(Cap_3 ; Participation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) –Strike_3))) ] 
 
1.4.12    Add-on relating to Day Count Fraction  
 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate an Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
any Family of Products defined in Condition 3 below, can be modified in order to take into account the Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 288 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
288 
 
Illustration:  
 
where applied to the Product Amount relating to an Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x DCF 
 
where applied to any Variable Data and/or any Reference Formulae that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product 
Amount relating to an Automatic Early Redemption Amount(s): 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Floor_AERA(i) ; Min(Cap_AERA(i) ; Coupon_AERA(i) x DCF(i) + 
Participation_AERA(i) x (ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) - Strike_AERA))) 
or 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Floor_AERA(i) ; Min(Cap_AERA(i) ; Coupon_AERA(i) + 
Participation_AERA(i) x (ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) x DCF(i)  - Strike_AERA))) 
 
Any product formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate the Final Redemption Amount of any Family 
of Products defined in Condition 3 below, can be modified in order to take into account the Day Count Fraction.  
 
Illustration:  
 
where applied to the Product Amount relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Product Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula x DCF 
 
where applied to any Variable Data and/or any Reference Formulae that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product 
Amount relating to the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA x DCF(T) + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
or 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) x DCF(T) – FinalStrike_1))). 
 
1.5   Payment currency(ies) 
 
Payments in respect of the Product will be made in the Specified Currency, as defined in the applicable Final Terms, except when the 
applicable Final Terms specify that “Dual Currency Notes Provisions” is applicable, where payments in respect of the Product will be 
made in the Settlement Currency (which can vary depending of the different scenarios of the Product), as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms,  
 
In case of Dual Currency Notes, any relevant currency can be specified in the paragraph relating to any Product Amount.  
 
1.6   Instalment products  
 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Instalment Note Provisions” is applicable, the Specified Denomination can be replaced 
by the Adjusted Specified Denomination (as defined the applicable Final Terms) for the purpose of calculating any Product Amount 
relating to the Product. 
 
2.   SCHEDULE – GENERAL DEFINITIONS AND SPECIFIC DEFINITION(S) - VARIABLE DATA - REFERENCE FORMULA(E) 
 
2.1   Schedule 
 
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s), or (B) all Valuation 
Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) comprised within a defined period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation of a Product Amount. For ease of 
reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period, Corridor Period, Interest Period, European Knock-In Period, American Knock-In 
Period,...). 
 
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, "Valuation Date" or "Relevant 
Valuation Date" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for 
another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A Valuation Date",...). 
 
2.2    General Definitions and Specific Definition(s)

--- Page 289 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
289 
2.2.1   General Definitions: Definitions listed in Condition 5 below are applicable to all the Families of Products and to each Product 
within a Family of Products.  
 
2.2.2   Specific Definition(s): Definitions used, as the case may be, to determine and calculate a Product Amount and/or the related 
Reference Formula. One or more specific definitions may be necessary (hereafter the Specific Definition(s)). The Specific Definitions 
are set out in the paragraph of Condition 5 below corresponding to the relevant Reference of the Product and called "Specific 
Definitions" and replicated in the applicable Final Terms. When no Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a 
Product Amount, the paragraph "Specific Definition(s)" shall mention: "No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate 
a Product Amount".  
 
2.3   Variable Data 
 
One or more variable data are necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount of a Product (referred to as the Variable 
Data). The definition of the Variable Date that may be used for the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products are listed 
in Condition 5.4 below. 
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 and that may be used in respect of one or more Products of a Family of Products are set out 
in the sub-paragraph titled "Variable Data" of the relevant Family of Product (e.g. 3.3.0).  
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 necessary to a specific Product are set out in the paragraph "Variable Data" of such Product.  
 
In the applicable Final Terms, depending on their respective definition set out in Condition 5.4 below, each Variable Data can be an 
amount, a level, a percentage or the observed value of a Reference Formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.  
 
A Variable Data may depend on a specific Schedule or dates as defined above in Condition 2.1. 
 
If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), 
or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then Product 
Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of improving 
the reading and intelligibility of formula(e).  
 
 o Illustration in respect of Notes: for instance, if the Product Formula of a Product Amount of a particular Product is: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Participation x ReferenceFormula_Coupon) 
 
and the Variable Data "ConstantRedemptionLevel" is equal to 0, "Participation" is equal to 1, and "Cap" is not applicable, then the 
Product Formula of such Product Amount may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms as follows: 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon 
 
2.4    Reference Formula(e) 
 
Reference Formula(e) are pre-defined basic formulae specified under Condition 4 below (referred to as individually the Reference 
Formula and collectively Reference Formulae) which are used, as the case may be, as inputs in respect of an Option, a Product 
Formula and/or one or several Specific Definitions  necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
 
For each Product described in Condition 3 below appears a paragraph called "Reference Formula(e)". 
 
This paragraph indicates: 
 
2.4.1  on one side, the context in which the Reference Formulae of the Product are used, by the suffix which follows the expression 
"Reference Formula_" e.g. 
 
 
-   "ReferenceFormula_Final" which means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Product and the Product Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions necessary to the determination 
of the Final Redemption Amount contain the instruction "Reference Formula_Final"; 
 
For example, for the product 3.5.1.1 "Ressetable Accumulator", the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "Reference Formula_ 
Final" which means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Final Redemption Amount and the paragraph "Final 
Redemption" indicates: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemption + Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Participation x Max(0 ; Reference Formula_Final(T) – Strike)))  
 
"ReferenceFormula_AERA" means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount of the Product, if any.

--- Page 290 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
290 
For example, for the product 3.1.2 "European Forward", the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_AERA" 
means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and the paragraph "Automatic Early 
Redemption" indicates: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
+ 
Coupon_AERA(i) 
+ 
Participation_AERA(i) 
x 
ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) 
 
"ReferenceFormula_Coupon" means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Final Redemption Amount 
of the Product and the Product Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions necessary to the determination of the 
Final Redemption Amount contain the instruction "ReferenceFormula_Coupon "; 
 
For example, for the product 3.5.1 "Accumulator", the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_Coupon" 
means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Structured Interest Amount and the paragraph "Structured Interest" 
indicates: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)))) 
 
2.4.2  on the other side, the name of the applicable Reference Formulae and/or the ones most likely to be applicable to the Product. 
The paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" will also indicate the Families of Products to which the applicable or the most likely to be 
applicable Reference Formula(e) belongs to. For example, if the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "AverageTimeLevel (as 
defined under Condition 4.9 below of the Family of "TimeLevel")", it means that the Reference Formula "AverageTimeLevel", 
belonging to the "TimeLevel" Family as defined in Condition 4.9 below, is applicable or is the most likely to be applicable to the 
Product. 
 
A Reference Formula will be used to determine either Reference Price(s), Reference Performance(s), Reference Level(s) or 
Reference Fixing(s). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, when Reference Formula(e) is/are not relevant for a Product, it shall not appear in the applicable Final 
Terms of this Product. 
 
Any Reference Formula indicated in Condition 4 below may also, in respect of a Product Formula, be defined as a "Sum of 
ReferenceFormula", a "Difference of ReferenceFormula" or "ReferenceFormula – 100%" or "100%,- ReferenceFormula" or be 
expressed as a negative component and be preceded by the sign"-". 
 
Where: 
 
   o   A: "Sum of ReferenceFormula" means that two or more Reference Formulae have been added together in order to determine a 
new Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   B: "Difference ReferenceFormula" means that a Reference Formula have been subtracted from another Reference Formula in 
order to determine a new Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   C: "ReferenceFormula – 100%" means that 100% has been subtracted from a Reference Formula in order to determine a new 
Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   D: "100% - ReferenceFormula" means that a ReferenceFormula has been subtracted from 100% in order to determine the 
Reference Formula(e) for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
Provided that options A to D above may be combined: for example a new Reference Formula may be created as a Sum of 
ReferenceFormula as per option A, and then subtracted from 100% as per option D. 
 
Any Reference Formula defined in a currency other than the Specified Currency may be converted into the Specified Currency based 
on the applicable Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Product Formula and the Specified Currency. 
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options and any other term which are defined in brackets "[…]" are optional. 
 
3.    FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS 
 
Set out below the list of Families of Products and the description of each of the Families: 
 
Reference  
Family 
Description of the Family 
3.1 
Certificate Products  
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket.

--- Page 291 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
291 
3.2 
Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on 
either (a) an amount which depends on the performance or 
level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket (Calls and Puts) or (b) a pre-
defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts) or variable amount 
(Range Accrual). Performance or level of the Underlying or 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can 
be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. 
 
3.3 
Barrier Products 
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one 
or several conditions (categorised in several scenarios). 
Typically, a condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance 
or level of an Underlying or Basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket is higher than or equal to [or 
lower] 
a 
pre-defined 
barrier 
performance 
or 
level. 
Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.4 
Reserved  
 
 
3.5 
Accumulator and Cliquet Products  
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) 
are determined based on an accumulation (either additive or 
multiplicative) of performances of the Underlying or Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at 
the beginning of each period). Performances of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, 
floored and/or capped. 
3.6 
Multi-underlying Products 
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of several Underlyings 
comprising the Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are 
determined based on the individual performance or level of 
each Underlying, provided that this individual performance or 
level can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored 
and/or capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered 
over time depending on the individual performance or level 
of the Underlyings. Performances of the Underlyings or 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can 
be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. 
 
3.7 
Volatility Products 
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of the historical variance or 
historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) within a Basket. Variance and volatility 
are measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) returns. The 
Product 
Amount(s) 
are 
determined 
based 
on 
(a) 
performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or 
several Underlying(s) within a Basket and / or (b) historical 
variance or historical volatility of the Underlying or Basket 
and / or (c) additional parameters (if relevant). Performance 
or level or historical variance or historical volatility of the 
Underlying or Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, 
locked, floored and/or capped.

--- Page 292 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
292 
 
3.8 
Reserved 
 
3.9 
Rate Products 
This family includes Products commonly used to provide 
exposure to Reference Rate or Inflation Index, provided that 
other Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate 
or Inflation Index.  
 
3.10 
Credit Linked Products or Repack 
Notes Products  
 
 
The Family "CREDIT LINKED PRODUCTS OR REPACK 
NOTES PRODUCTS" comprises Products which provide 
exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity or a 
Reference Portfolio comprising several Reference Entities 
(in respect of Credit Linked Notes) or a Bond or a Reference 
Portfolio comprising several Bonds (in respect of Repack 
Notes) and the financial indebtedness of any such Reference 
Entity or one or several Reference Entity(ies) within the 
Reference Portfolio (in respect of Credit Linked Notes), 
where the Product Amounts are determined according to the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the 
case of the occurrence of Credit Event(s), according to the 
Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical Delivery Amount 
(with, if any, the Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable 
Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes or of Bond 
Event(s), according to the Cash Redemption Amount as 
defined in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In 
addition, the Autocall Credit Linked Products provide 
exposure to the positive or negative performance of a CDS 
Spread, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based 
on one or several conditions, one of which being typically 
satisfied if the level of the CDS Spread is higher (or lower) 
than or equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
3.11 
Combined Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products which provide exposure to the 
positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined as a floored, 
capped or leveraged weighted combination, either additive or 
multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits 
and fixed amounts. 
 
 
 
3.1   FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "CERTIFICATE" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Certificates", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the 
table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product".  
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.1.1 
Certificate  
  
3.1.2 
European Forward 
3.1.3 
Standard Forward 
3.1.4 
Certificate with Performance Fee 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "Certificate" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket.

--- Page 293 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
293 
 
3.1.1    Certificate  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the following applies: 
 
 
3.1.1.1Product Description:  
 
  -   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
   -   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
     o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
leverage factor. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, 
which may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.1.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.1.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) + Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) 
 
3.1.1.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
3.1.1.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will mention the 
definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
3.1.1.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; 
Coupon_AERA; 
Participation; 
Participation_AERA; 
AutocallBarrier 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.1.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
 
 
3.1.2   European Forward 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the following applies: 
  
3.1.2.1  Product Description:

--- Page 294 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
294 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the 
case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and 
/ or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   -   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
     o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
leverage factor. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Reference 
Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.2.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon(i) 
; 
Constant_Coupon 
+ 
Participation_Coupon(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Coupon_Strike(i)))) 
 
3.1.2.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) + Participation_AERA(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) 
 
3.1.2.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
(ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) - FinalStrike))))  
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
3.1.2.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The Final applicable Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will mention the 
definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
3.1.2.6   Variable Data: 
 
Floor_Coupon; 
Cap_Coupon; 
Participation_Coupon; 
Participation_AERA; 
Coupon_Strike; 
Constant_Coupon; 
ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA;  ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; FinalParticipation; Floor_FRA; Cap_FRA; 
FinalStrike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.2.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final  
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.1.3   Standard Forward 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the following disposition applies: 
 
 
3.1.3.1   Product Description

--- Page 295 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
295 
   -   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest. 
 
   -   This Product does not pay any Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/ or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.3.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.3.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.3.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ProductFormula(T) 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
ProductFormula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FRA 
; 
Min(Cap_FRA 
; 
ConstantRedemption_FRA 
+ 
Final 
Participation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – Final Strike))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
3.1.3.5   Specific Definitions: 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will mention the 
definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
3.1.3.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemption_FRA; FinalParticipation; Floor_FRA; Cap_FRA; FinalStrike 
 
These variable data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein 
 
3.1.3.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.1.4   Certificate with Performance Fee 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the following applies: 
 
 
3.1.4.1   Product Description:   
 
   -   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
   -   This Product does not pay any Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the Certificate Level, calculated depending on the option selected among 4 possible 
applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, net of hedging fees and performance fees, and which may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.4.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.4.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.4.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
If settlement by way of cash:

--- Page 296 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
296 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x CertificateLevel(RVD(T)) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
3.1.4.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
CertificateLevel(t) = CL(t) / Strike 
 
Option A : Performance Fee Highwatermark 
 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf 
Fee(t)] 
 
Where:  
 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0%; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-
1) - BL(t))] 
 
Where :  
 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) 
 
Option B : Performance Fee with Fixed Rate Benchmark 
 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-1) - Perf 
Fee(t)] 
 
Where :  
 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t-1) + Perf Fee(t-1)) × [S(t) / S(t-1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t-1)] - Perf Fee(t-
1) - BL(t))] 
 
Where :  
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t-1, of CL(i) x [1 + FixedRate x Act(i,t) / 360] 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as well, as the case may be, one or more definitions defined below if relevant : 
 
Hedging Fee Factor(t) means Product for i from 1 to t of (1 – (Factor_Fees(i-1)) x (Act(i-1;i) / 360)) 
 
[Where Hedging Fee Factor(0) = 1] 
 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.][the sum of 
the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.]

--- Page 297 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
297 
 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of 
the Product paid to the Distributor.] 
 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will mention the 
definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
3.1.4.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Participation; ConstantCertificateLevel;PF; Strike; FixedRate; Factor_Fees; Factor_AdvisoryFees; 
Factor_DistributionFees; Factor_StructuringFees. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.4.7   Reference Formula: 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate)Fixing 
(as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
 
3.2    FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "VANILLA" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Vanilla", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.2.1 
European Call 
3.2.2 
European Put 
3.2.3 
Digital Call 
3.2.4 
Digital Put 
3.2.5 
Call Standard 
3.2.6 
Put Standard 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "Vanilla" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on either (a) an amount which 
depends on the performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket (European Calls and 
Puts) or (b) a pre-defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts). Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.2.1   European Call 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the following applies: 
 
 
3.2.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Strike. 
 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value.

--- Page 298 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
298 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.1.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date((i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) ; Participation_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) –
CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date((i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) ; Participation_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) –
CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
3.2.1.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.2.1.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ;  FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.1.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.2.1.6   Variable Data: 
 
Strike; 
Participation_1; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Participation_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
ConstantRedemption_AERA; 
Coupon_AERA; 
CouponStrike_1; 
CouponStrike_2; 
FinalStrike_1; 
FinalStrike_2; 
Cap_FRA; 
Floor_FRA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalParticipation  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.1.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2

--- Page 299 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
299 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.2   European Put 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the following applies: 
 
3.2.2.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
   o    The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Strike. 
 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.2.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Participation_1(i) 
x 
(CouponStrike_1(i) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i))))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Participation_2(i) 
x 
(CouponStrike_2(i) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i))))) 
 
3.2.2.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.2.2.3   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 300 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
300 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.2.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.2.6   Variable Data: 
 
Strike; Participation_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_1; Participation_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_2; Coupon_AERA; 
CouponStrike_1; 
CouponStrike_2; 
FinalStrike_1; 
FinalStrike_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; ConstantRedemption_AERA; Coupon_AERA; FinalParticipation; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.2.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family  "of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family  "of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family  "of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family “f "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.3   Digital Call 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3, the following applies: 
 
 
3.2.3.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) is higher than [or equal to] a Barrier, the 
Structured Interest Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] a Barrier, no Structured Interest Amount is paid. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and of its position compared 
to a Final Barrier. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.2.3.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] Barrier(i), then:  
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] Barrier(i), then:

--- Page 301 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
301 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.2.3.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.2.3.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.3.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.3.6   Variable Data: 
 
Barrier; 
Coupon; 
ConstantRedemption_AERA; 
Coupon_AERA; 
FinalBarrier; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.3.7   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.4   Digital Put 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the following applies: 
 
 
3.2.4.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) is lower than [or equal to] Barrier, the Structured 
Interest Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Barrier, no Structured Interest Amount is paid. 
 
   o   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible.

--- Page 302 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
302 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and of its position compared 
to a Final Barrier. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.2.4.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is lower than [or equal to] Barrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(i)) is higher than [or equal to] Barrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.2.4.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemption_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.2.4.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.4.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.4.6   Variable Data: 
 
Barrier; 
Coupon; 
ConstantRedemption_AERA; 
Coupon_AERA; 
FinalBarrier; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.4.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.5   Call Standard 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.5, the following applies: 
 
 
3.2.5.1   Product Description:

--- Page 303 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
303 
   -   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
   -   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.5.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.2.5.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.2.5.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ;  FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.5.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.2.5.6   Variable Data: 
 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FRA; Floor_FRA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
FinalParticipation  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.5.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.6   Put Standard 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.6, the following applies: 
 
 
3.2.6.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.

--- Page 304 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
304 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.6.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.2.6.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.2.6.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Floor_FRA ; Min(Cap_FRA ;  
FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 - ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.2.6.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.6.6   Variable Data: 
 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalParticipation; Cap_FRA; 
Floor_FRA 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.6.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.3 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "BARRIER" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Barrier", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
The clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms shall also indicate the applicable Option for the relevant Product 
selected amongst the Options described below to determine and calculate the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes .  
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.3.1 
Reverse Convertible 
3.3.2 
Digit Coupon Autocall 
 
3.3.3 
Digit Coupon Autocall with Memory Effect

--- Page 305 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
305 
3.3.4 
Athena, Apollon 
3.3.5 
Double Opportunity 
3.3.6 
Digit Coupon Reverse Convertible 
3.3.7 
Reverse Convertible with Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 
3.3.8 
Digit Coupon Autocall with Recall Coupon 
3.3.9 
Athena Airbag 
3.3.10 
Twin Win 
3.3.11 
EU Allowance 
3.3.12 
Optimal Plus 
3.3.13 
Reserved 
3.3.14 
Bonus & Capped Bonus 
3.3.15 
Bonus Flex 
3.3.16 
Digit Coupon Jupiter 
3.3.17 
Phoenix/Athena Jupiter 
3.3.18 
Triple Opportunity 
3.3.19 
In-Line 
3.3.20 
Reserved 
3.3.21 
Sprint & Outperformance 
3.3.22 
Reserved 
3.3.23 
Reverse Capped Bonus 
3.3.24 
Reserved 
3.3.25 
Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance 
3.3.26 
Reserved 
3.3.27 
Digital Range 
3.3.28 
Range Coupon 
3.3.29 
Reserved 
3.3.30 
Equity Protection 
3.3.31 
Reverse Equity Protection 
3.3.32 
Range Accrual 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family of Products "Barrier" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying 
or a Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several 
conditions (categorized in several scenarios). Typically, a condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance or level of an Underlying or 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket is higher than or equal to [or lower] a pre-defined barrier performance or level. 
Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.3.0    Generic descriptions, Variable Data, relevant Reference Formula(e) and Specific Definition(s) for Barrier Products 
 
3.3.0.1   Description of Options relating to the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes

--- Page 306 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
306 
 
Set out below a list of different options relating to the Final Redemption Amount. The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the applicable Option, if any, chosen from the options below, used for determining and calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount. 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will mention the 
definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
1)    OPTION 0: Constant Redemption Level only 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
Option 0 Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
2)   OPTION 1: Final Barrier only 
 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 1 Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.  
 
3)   OPTION 2: Final Barrier and Knock-In feature 
 
  
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))

--- Page 307 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
307 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 2 Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier and / or the occurrence of an [American] [European] [Low Barrier] [High 
Barrier] Knock-In event. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
 
4)   OPTION 3: [European] [American] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In feature 
 
  
Scenario 1:  
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + FinalParticipation_2 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 3 Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
   o    The occurrence of these scenarios depends whether or not an [American] [European] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In 
Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
5)    OPTION 4: Two Final Barriers  
 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 308 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
308 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 4 Description: 
-    Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s). 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
6)    OPTION 5: Two Final Barriers and Knock-In feature 
 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 309 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
309 
Product Formula(RVD(T)) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalParticipation_4 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 5 Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 4 possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not a[n] [American] [European] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
  
7)    OPTION 6: Double opportunity 
 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 
x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 6 Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible: 
 
    o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not a[n] [American] [European] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
    o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
8)    OPTION 7: Certificate 
 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Coupon_FRA + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap 
; FinalBonus + FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Option 7 Description:

--- Page 310 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
310 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/ or with a leverage factor. 
 
9)   OPTION 8 with [2_3_4_5_6] Scenarios: Option Multi 
 
 
Option 8 with 2 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock- 
In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Coupon_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 8 with 3 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Coupon_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 311 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
311 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Coupon_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 8 with 4 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Coupon_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Coupon_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Coupon_FRA_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 8 with 5 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1)))

--- Page 312 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
312 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Coupon_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Coupon_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Coupon_FRA_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 + Coupon_FRA_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 8 with 6 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2+ Coupon_FRA_2  + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2)))

--- Page 313 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
313 
 
Scenario 3:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Coupon_FRA_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Coupon_FRA_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 + Coupon_FRA_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
 
Scenario 6:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_6 + Coupon_FRA_6 + Max(FinalFloor_6 ; Min(FinalCap_6 ; FinalBonus_6 + 
FinalParticipation_6 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_6(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_6))) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
Option 8 with [2/3/4/5/6] Scenarios Description: 
 
-    Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 (or the 3, or the 4, or the 5, or the 6 depending upon the number of scenarios selected) 
possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not a[n] [American] [European] 
[Low Barrier] [High Barrier] [Memory] [Target] [a Range] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.0.2   Variable Data 
 
Set out below the list of Variable Data that are necessary to determine and calculate the Final Redemption Amount  depending on 
the Option applicable to the Product (selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and that will be indicated in 
the clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms). 
 
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable".  
 
all the Variable Data below are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 314 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
314 
 
  
 
Variable Data 
Options 
 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Coupon_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBarrier[_1/2/3] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBonus[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
 
 
3.3.0.3   Reference Formula(e) 
 
Set out below a list of Reference Formula(e) applicable to determine and compute the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes, 
depending on the Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and indicated 
in the clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable"  
 
Reference Formula(e) 
 
 
 
 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier[_1/2] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
ReferenceFormula_Final[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Performance or LeveragePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
WorstPerformance or LeverageWorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of Basket Performance") 
 
IntradayMinTimePerformance or WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.22 of the Family of 
"IntradayLevel") 
 
3.3.0.4   European Knock-In Events 
 
European Knock-In Event can be renamed European Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation 
Date(i)] or [the date as defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(i)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i). 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)]  is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the 
Valuation Date(i)] or [the date as defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of at least one

--- Page 315 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
315 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of the Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of the 
Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price 
 
3.3.0.5    American Knock-In Events 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
-   [each of Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least one Valuation Date(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
 
-   [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [the date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [each of the dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] 
Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
 
-   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
-   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
An American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) is applicable for American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i), but also, if necessary for 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event, High Barrier Knock-In Event, Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event, Second High Barrier Knock-In Event, 
Memory Knock-In Event and Fiduciary Call Event.  
 
American Knock-In Event can be renamed American Knock-Out Event, Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on 
Reference Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of 
each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at 
least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of the 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)].  
 
   b)   Variable Data:

--- Page 316 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
316 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)    Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
3.3.0.6   Low and High Knock-In Events 
 
As it will be detailed, Low and High Knock-In Event can be considered as American or European Knock-In Event. In this Section, 
Reference Date(s) is defined in Condition 3.3.0.5 above:  
Low and High Knock-In Event can be renamed Low and High Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)    Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
lower than [or equal to] [LowBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
higher than [or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [( such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday 
Price [SI(t)]] is lower than [or equal to] [SecondLowBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the SecondLowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is higher than [or equal to] [SecondHighBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings: 
 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is lower than 
[or equal to] [LowBarrier(i)] [LowBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than 
[or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [HighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is lower than [or equal to] [SecondLowBarrier(k)] [SecondLowBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price 
[S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than [or equal to] [SecondHighBarrier(k)] [SecondHighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being 
referred as to the SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays; LowBarrier; HighBarrier; SecondLowBarrier; SecondHighBarrier

--- Page 317 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
317 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein 
 
 c)    Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; 
Closing 
Price; 
Intraday 
Price; 
ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier; ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier; ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier  
3.3.0.7   Range Knock-In Event 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
   -   [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
   -   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
   -   [Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
   -   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or  
 
   -   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
   -   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
Range Knock-In Event can be renamed Range Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
RangeKnock-InEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed [not] to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4][(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)]] [and][or] [lower than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)]].  
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
RangeKnock-InEvent[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) 
of 
each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of the Underlying(k)] or 
[the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] [is higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)][(i,k)]] [and][or] [is lower than [or equal to] the 
UpperBound[(i)][(i,k)]].  
 
b)   Variable Data: 
UpperBound[_1/2/3/4]; LowerBound[_1/2/3/4]  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c)   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In; Closing Price 
 
3.3.0.8    Target Knock-In Events  
 
Target Knock-In Event can be renamed Target Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
Target Knock-In Event is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) is higher than [or equal to] TargetAmount(i). 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
TargetAmount. 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)    Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable  
 
   d)   Specific Definition(s): 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i)

--- Page 318 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
318 
With: 
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
3.3.0.9   Memory Knock-In Events 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
-   [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
-   [Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or  
 
-   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
-   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
Memory Knock-In Event can be renamed Memory Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) has [not] occurred. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k) has [not] occurred for [at least one Underlying(k)] [each Underlying(k) observed separately]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
   d)   Specific Definition(s): 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,): is deemed to have occurred if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], 
the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k): is deemed to have occurred in respect of an Underlying(k) if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to 
i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of such Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of such Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such 
Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)] [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t,k)]. 
 
3.3.0.10     Fiduciary Call Events 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
-   [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   ­[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
-   ­[Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
-   ­[the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or  
-   ­[each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or

--- Page 319 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
319 
-   ­    [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
3.3.0.11   Lock-In Event 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
-­ [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
-­ [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
-­ [the Valuation Date(t) within Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
- [at least one Valuation Date(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
-­ [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
- [at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
a) Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), for the first 
time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] 
is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Lock-InThreshold(n)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
Lock-In Event[(n)][(n,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), for 
the first time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of the Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] the [Lock-InThreshold(n)] [Lock-InThreshold(n,k)]  
 
   b)  Variable Data: 
 
Lock-InThreshold 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
 c) Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Lock-In; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
 
   a)    Description: 
 
Fiduciary Call Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t) a notice has 
been given by the Fiduciary to the Noteholders within the Notice Period in accordance with General Conditions 6.1.3.1 and 12     
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
 
Not Applicable 
 
   c)   Reference Formula(e):  
 
Not Applicable  
 
3.3.1   Reverse Convertible 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.1, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.1.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.

--- Page 320 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
320 
-   On Maturity Date, this Product pays a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.1.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.1.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.1.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.1.5   Specific Definition(s): 
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount.  
 
3.3.1.6   Variable Data: 
Any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 
3.3.0.2 above.  
 
3.3.1.7   Reference Formula(e): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to 
such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.2   Digital Coupon Autocall 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.2, the following applies: 
 
 
3.3.2.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a CouponBarrier and/or whether or not a [American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In Event 
occurs. 
 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as 
the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor and / or a coupon. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor, a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.2.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] 
[an American] [a European] [Memory] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike_Coupon_1))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] 
[an American] [a European] [Memory] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike_Coupon_2))) 
 
3.3.2.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable

--- Page 321 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
321 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Floor_AERA(i) ; Min(Cap_AERA(i) ; Coupon_AERA(i) + 
Participation_AERA(i) x (ReferenceFormula_AERA(i) - Strike_AERA))) 
 
3.3.2.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.2.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.2.6   Variable Data: 
 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
Strike_Coupon_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; Strike_Coupon_2; Participation_AERA; Cap_AERA; CouponBarrier; Coupon_AERA; Floor_AERA; 
Participation_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Strike_AERA  
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.2.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; ReferenceFormula_AERA 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.3   Digital Coupon Autocall with Memory Effect  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.3, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.3.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a CouponBarrier and/or whether or not a [American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In Event 
occurs. 
 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to (i) a predetermined value dependent 
of the previously Structured Interest Amount computed or to (ii) zero. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or with a leverage factor. 
   o   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.3.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)  [[and] [or] 
[an American] [a European] [a Memory] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination × Coupon(i) – SumCoupons[Paid](i-1))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)  [[and] [or] 
[an American] [a European] [a Memory] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.3.3.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable

--- Page 322 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
322 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Coupon_AERA(i) ; Participation(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i)) 
 
3.3.3.4    Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.3.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i) 
 
With: 
SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.3.3.6   Variable Data: 
 
CouponBarrier; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Participation; Cap; Floor; Coupon; Coupon_AERA 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.3.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; ReferenceFormula_AERA  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.4   Athena, Apollon 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.4, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.4.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.4.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.4.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Max(Coupon_AERA(i) ; Participation(i) x ReferenceFormula_AERA(i)) 
 
3.3.4.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.4.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.3.4.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Participation; Coupon_AERA 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.

--- Page 323 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
323 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.4.7   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AERA 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.5   Double Opportunity 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.5, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.5.1   Product Description: 
 
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 3 possible. 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to two barriers. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product subject to the occurrence or not of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event and / or a Knock-In Event. 
 
   o   The Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the applicable 
Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.5.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2 (RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2 (i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_3(i)))) 
 
3.3.5.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.5.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.5.1.5   Specific Definition(s):

--- Page 324 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
324 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.  
 
3.3.5.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA; CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; 
CouponStrike_2; 
Floor_Coupon_3; Cap_Coupon_3; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_3 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.5.7   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3;  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.6   Digit Coupon Reverse Convertible 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.6, the following applies: 
 
3.3.6.1 Product Description:  
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a CouponBarrier. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value or to zero. 
 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.6.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.3.6.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.6.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.6.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
 
3.3.6.6   Variable Data: 
CouponBarrier; Coupon 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.6.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier

--- Page 325 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
325 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.7   Reverse Convertible with Automatic Early Redemption Event 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.7, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.7.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a CouponBarrier. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value dependent of 
the previously Structured Interest Amount computed. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.7.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
For i from t1 to t2 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_1(i) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_2(i) 
 
For i from (t2+1)to t3 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination x Participation(i) x Coupon_3(i) – 
SumCoupons[Paid](i-1))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = Coupon_4(i) 
 
3.3.7.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.7.4    Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product selected 
among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.7.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i)

--- Page 326 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
326 
With: 
SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, either "Not Applicable" or one or more of the definitions mentioned in 
Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.3.7.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; CouponBarrier; Coupon[_1/2/3/4]; Coupon_AERA; Participation; Cap; Floor 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.78.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.8   Digit Coupon Autocall with Recall Coupon 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.8, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.8.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to two Barriers. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.8.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
3.3.8.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
+ 
Max(Coupon_AERA 
(i) 
; 
Participation_AERA(i) 
x 
ReferenceFormula_AERA(i)) 
 
3.3.8.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.

--- Page 327 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
327 
3.3.8.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.3.8.6   Variable Data: 
CouponBarrier; AutocallBarrier; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; CouponStrike_1; Floor_Coupon_2; 
Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Participation_AERA; Coupon_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.8.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier ReferenceFormula_Autocall ReferenceFormula_AERA 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition .3.3.0.3 above  
 
3.3.9   Athena Airbag 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.9, the following applies: 
 
 
 3.3.9.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a CouponBarrier and / or subject to the occurrence or not of a Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor.  
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.9.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
  
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i)] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] Knock-In Event_1(i) has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2)))  
 
3.3.9.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.9.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.9.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.9.6   Variable Data:

--- Page 328 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
328 
CouponBarrier; Floor_Coupon_1; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; CouponStrike_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.9.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.10   Twin Win 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.10, the following applies: 
 
 
3.3.10.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible. 
   o  The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and upon (ii) the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.10.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.10.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.10.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; CallParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – 
Strike_1)) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + PutParticipation x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Finale_3(RVD(T)) – Strike_3) 
 
3.3.10.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.3.10.6   Variable Data:

--- Page 329 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
329 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; CallParticipation; Cap; PutParticipation 
FinalParticipation 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.10.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.11   EU Allowance 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.11, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.11.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay a Structured Interest Amount.  
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption Amount under this Product. 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
amount by which the sum of the ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA and the Arbitrage Opportunity (represented by the Coupon_FRA or 
the ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity) exceeds the spread value. 
 
3.3.11.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.11.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.11.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If an Underlying Extraordinary Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 [+ Coupon_FRA_1 x [ ( Act(t1,t2) / Act(t3,t4) ) ] ] [+ 
ReferenceFormula_ 
Arbitrage 
Opportunity(T)] 
- 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) – FinalStrike_1))) ] 
 
Scenario 2: 
If an Underlying Extraordinary Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = Max [ 0% ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 [+ Coupon_FRA_2 x [ ( Act(t5,t6) / Act(t7,t8) ) ] ] [+ Max 
(FinalFloor_2 ; ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity(T) ) ] [ - Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Spread Value(T) – FinalStrike_2))) ] ] 
 
3.11.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 
3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.11.6   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
Coupon_FRA_1; 
FinalStrike_1 
; 
FinalFloor_1 
; 
FinalCap_1 
; 
FinalParticipation_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA_2; FinalStrike_2 ; FinalFloor_2 ; FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.11.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_ Arbitrage Opportunity; ReferenceFormula_Spread Value 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Spread Value(i) 
FXSpread Value(i) 
Arbitrage Opportunity(i)

--- Page 330 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
330 
 
3.3.12   Optimal Plus 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.12, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.12.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 3 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to two barriers. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and dependent of the Memory Amount 
computed. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product subject to the occurrence or not of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event and / or a Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.12.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then: 
 
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)) + Memory Amount(i))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)], then: 
 
Structured 
Interest 
Amount(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Specified 
Denomination 
x 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)) + Memory Amount(i))) 
 
Scenario 3: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_ CouponBarrier_2 (RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2 (i)], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.3.12.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.12.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.12.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
Memory Amount(i) means :  
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Memory Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination × Participartion(i) x Coupon(i) – SumCouponsMemorized(i-
1))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 331 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
331 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
 
Memory Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
Where 
 
SumCouponsMemorized(i-1) = SumCouponsMemorized(i-2) + Memory Amount(i-1) 
 
With 
 
SumCouponsMemorized(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.  
 
3.3.12.6   Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA; Coupon; CouponBarrier; CouponBarrier_1; CouponBarrier_2; Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap; Floor; Participation; Cap_Coupon_1; Participation_Coupon_1; CouponStrike_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; 
Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.12.7   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3;  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.13    Reserved 
 
3.3.14   Bonus & Capped Bonus 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.14, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.14.1   Product Description: 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event or a European Knock-In 
Event. 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and /or with a leverage 
factor. 
 
3.3.14.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.14.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.14.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 332 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
332 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(Bonus; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – Strike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(T) – Strike_2)) 
 
3.3.14.5   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2  and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.14.6   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_AERA; Bonus; 
Participation_1; Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.14.7   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
  
3.3.15   Bonus Flex 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.15, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.15.1   Product Description: 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 3 possible: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a [High] [Low] Barrier Knock-In Event and of a Second 
[High] [Low] Barrier Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and /or with a leverage 
factor. 
 
3.3.15.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.15.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.15.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(HighBonus 
; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 333 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
333 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(LowBonus; 
Min(Cap_2 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Min(Cap_3 ; Participation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
Strike_3)) 
 
3.3.15.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.15.6   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; HighBonus; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3; Strike_1; Strike_2; 
Strike_3; Cap_1; Cap_2; Cap_3; LowBonus  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.15.7   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.16   Digit Coupon Jupiter  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.16, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.16.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to one or two barrier(s) and/or whether or not a [American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In 
Event occurs and/or whether or not a Fiduciary Call Event occurs. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and / or a coupon. 
 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.16.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)

--- Page 334 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
334 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
3.3.16.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.16.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.16.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.10 above.  
 
3.3.16.6   Variable Data: 
 
CouponBarrier_1; 
CouponBarrier_2; 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; 
Coupon_2 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.16.7   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
 
3.3.17   Phoenix/Athena Jupiter 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.16, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.17.1   Product Description: 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 3 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to one or two barrier(s) and/or whether or not a [American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In 
Event occurs and/or whether or not a Fiduciary Call Event occurs. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and / or a coupon. 
 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.17.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then:

--- Page 335 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
335 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
Scenario 3: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_3(i)))) 
 
3.3.17.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.17.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.14.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.10 above.  
 
3.3.14.6   Variable Data: 
CouponBarrier_1; 
CouponBarrier_2; 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; 
Coupon_2; Floor_Coupon_3; Cap_Coupon_3; Participation_Coupon_3; CouponStrike_3; Bonus_Coupon_3; Coupon_3 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.14.7   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; 
  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
 
3.3.18    Triple Opportunity 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.18, the following applies: 
 
 
3.3.18.1   Product Description: 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 4 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to one or two barriers() and/or whether or not a [American] [European] [Memory] Knock-In 
Event occurs and/or whether or not a Fiduciary Call Event occurs. 
   o   The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor and/or a coupon. 
 
-   There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product.

--- Page 336 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
336 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.18.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred]  
[[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_1(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Coupon_1(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_1(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_1(i)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] 
[[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_2(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Coupon_2(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_2(i)))) 
 
Scenario 3: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] 
[[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_3(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Coupon_3(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_3(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_3(i)))) 
 
Scenario 4: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(i),] [ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_1(i)] [[and] 
[or] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2(RVD(i)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] CouponBarrier_2(i)] [[and] [or] [a European] [an 
American] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] 
[[and] [or] a Fiduciary Call Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor_Coupon_4(i) 
; 
Min(Cap_Coupon_4(i) 
; 
Bonus_Coupon_4(i) 
+ 
Coupon_4(i) 
+ 
Participation_Coupon_4(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_4(RVD(i)) – CouponStrike_4(i)))) 
 
3.3.18.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.18.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.18.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above.  
 
3.3.18.6   Variable Data: 
CouponBarrier_1; 
CouponBarrier_2; 
Floor_Coupon_1; 
Cap_Coupon_1; 
Participation_Coupon_1; 
CouponStrike_1; 
Bonus_Coupon_1; Coupon_1; Floor_Coupon_2; Cap_Coupon_2; Participation_Coupon_2; CouponStrike_2; Bonus_Coupon_2; 
Coupon_2; 
Floor_Coupon_3; 
Cap_Coupon_3; 
Participation_Coupon_3; 
CouponStrike_3; 
Bonus_Coupon_3; 
Coupon_3; 
Floor_Coupon_4; Cap_Coupon_4; Participation_Coupon_4; CouponStrike_4; Bonus_Coupon_4; Coupon_4 
 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.

--- Page 337 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
337 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.18.7   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_1;ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrier_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_3; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_4 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the 
Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above. 
 
3.3.19   In-Line 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.19, the following applies: 
 
 
3.3.19.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
-   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends 
upon the scenario occurring among the 2 possible. 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event and of a High Barrier 
Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.3.19.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.19.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.19.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Bonus 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.3.19.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions described in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 
above. 
 
3.3.19.6   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Bonus; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.19.7   Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable 
 
3.3.20   Reserved  
 
3.3.21 Sprint  & Outperformance 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.21, the following applies: 
 
   
3.3.21.1   Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount.

--- Page 338 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
338 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 2 (or 3 depending upon the Option selected) possible. 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) whether or not a Low Barrier Knock-In Event occurs or a European Knock-In 
Event.  
 
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula, which may be subject to cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.21.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.21.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.21.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – 
Strike_1)) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
3.3.21.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.21.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.21.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2

--- Page 339 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
339 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6  of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
3.3.22 Reserved 
 
3.3.23 Reverse Capped Bonus 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.23, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.23.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a High Barrier Knock-In Event or a European Knock-In Event.  
 
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage 
factor. 
 
3.3.23.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.23.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.23.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(Bonus ; Min(Cap_1 ; Participation_1 x (Strike_1 - 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(Floor ; Min(Cap_2 ;  
Participation_2 x (Strike_2 - ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
3.3.23.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4  to 3.3.0.7 above.  
 
3.3.23.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_AERA; Bonus; 
Participation_1; Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.23.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):

--- Page 340 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
340 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.24  Reserved  
 
3.3.25  Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.25, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.25.1  Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
   o   If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 2 (or 3 depending on the chosen Option) possible: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) whether or not a HighBarrier Knock-In Event or an European 
Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case 
may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage 
factor 
 
3.3.25.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.25.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.25.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Min(Cap 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(Strike_1 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [High Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [High Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Max(Floor 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(Strike_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B:

--- Page 341 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
341 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(Floor 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(Strike_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))) 
 
3.3.25.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.25.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Coupon_AERA; Floor; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.25.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.26  Reserved 
 
3.3.27 Digital Range 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.27, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.27.1  Product Description: 
-This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 5 possible: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the occurrence or not of (i) a LowBarrier Knock-In Event and of (ii) a HighBarrier 
Knock-In Event and upon (iii) the date the HighBarrier Event occurs compared to the LowBarrier Event. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may 
be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s), which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap 
and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.27.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.27.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.27.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Bonus

--- Page 342 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
342 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Min(UpCap_1 
; 
CallParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – StrikeCall_1)) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the LowBarrierEventDate is before 
the HighBarrierEventDate, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 
+ 
Min(UpCap_2 
; 
CallParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – StrikeCall_2)) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the HighBarrierEventDate is before 
the LowBarrierEventDate, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4 + Min(DownCap_1 ; Max(Floor_1 ; PutParticipation_1 x (StrikePut_1 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5 
+ 
Max(Floor 
; 
PutParticipation_2 
x 
(StrikePut_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)))) 
 
3.3.27.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.27.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_4; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_5; Coupon_AERA; Bonus; 
UpCap_1; CallParticipation_1; StrikeCall_1; DownCap_1; Floor_1; PutParticipation_1; StrikePut_1; UpCap_2; CallParticipation_2; 
CallStrike_2; DownCap_2; Floor_2; PutParticipation_2; PutStrike_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.27.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_4 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5  of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.28  Range Coupon 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.28, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.28.1 Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the 2 possible. 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a LowBarrier Knock-In Event and of a HighBarrier Knock-In 
Event.

--- Page 343 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
343 
 
The Structured Interest Amount may be equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value or to zero. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.3.28.2 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Scenario 1: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has not occurred, then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) has occurred, then: 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.3.28.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.28.4 Final Redemption Amount:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
3.3.28.5 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 
3.3.0.7 above.  
 
3.3.28.6 Variable Data: 
Coupon; ConstantRedemptionLevel_ FRA 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.28.7 Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable 
 
3.3.29 Reserved 
 
3.3.30 Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.30, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.30.1 Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 3 possible 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a LowBarrier Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may 
be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.30.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.30.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i)

--- Page 344 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
344 
3.3.30.4 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – 
Strike_1)) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Floor 
 
3.3.30.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.30.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Cap; Coupon_AERA; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.30.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.31  Reverse Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.31, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.31.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 3 possible: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a HighBarrier Knock-In Event occurs 
 
The Final Redemption Amount is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased as the case may 
be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a cap and / or with a leverage factor 
 
3.3.31.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.3.31.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable

--- Page 345 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
345 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.31.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Min(Cap 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(Strike_1 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3 + Floor 
 
3.3.31.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.31.6  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_3; Cap; Coupon_AERA; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.31.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.32  Range Accrual 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.32, the following applies: 
 
  
3.3.32.1  Product Description: 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.32.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable

--- Page 346 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
346 
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) x ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) [x DayCountFraction] 
 
3.3.32.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.3.32.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product", the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.32.5   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.3.32.6   Variable Data: 
Coupon; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA 
 
And any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in 
Condition 3.3.0.2 above. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.32.7    Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.4  RESERVED 
 
3.5  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "ACCUMULATOR AND CLIQUET" 
Set out below, the list of Products of the Family of Products "Accumulator and Cliquet", the Reference of the Product of which is 
mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.5.1 
Resettable 
Accumulator 
3.5.2 
Lock-In 
3.5.3 
Accumulative 
Best Entry 
3.5.4 
Best Entry 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "Accumulator and Cliquet" comprises Products which provide exposure to the performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on an accumulation (either 
additive or multiplicative) of performances of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at the beginning of each period). Performances of the Underlying or Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.  
 
3.5.1  Resettable Accumulator 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.1, the following applies: 
 
  
3.5.1.1  Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.

--- Page 347 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
347 
3.5.1.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product 
Formula(i) 
= 
Max(Floor(i) 
; 
Min(Cap(i) 
; 
Participation(i) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1))))) 
 
With: 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
3.5.1.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.1.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
3.5.1.5   Variable Data: 
 
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.1.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the one mainly used for these Products is (but without limitation): 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "Restrike Performance") 
 
3.5.2 Lock-In 
 
3.5.2.1  Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.5.2.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Specified Denomination × Participation_Coupon x LockedCoupon(i) – 
SumCoupons[Paid](i-1))) 
 
3.5.2.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.2.4 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_ FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x Max(LockedCoupon(T); 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))) – Participation x SumCouponsPaid(T-1)) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2  
 
 
3.5.2.5  Specific Definitions: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant :

--- Page 348 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
348 
LockedCoupon(i) means LockinValue(i) x Lockin Level 
 
LockinValue(i) means INT(ReferenceFormula_LockIn(i) / Lockin Level) 
 
SumCouponsPaid(i-1) means SumCouponsPaid(i-1) = SumCouponsPaid(i-2) + Structured Interest Amount(i1)  
With  
SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
 
3.5.2.6 Variable Data: 
 
Floor; Cap; Participation_Coupon; Participation; FinalFloor; FinalBarrier; FinalParticipation; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Lockin_Level 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.2.7 Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_ FinalBarrier, ReferenceFormula_LockIn 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the one mainly used for these Products is (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
MaxTimePerformance(i) (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.5.3  Accumulative Best Entry 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.3, the following applies: 
 
3.5.3.1  Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the sum of each 
weighted value of the Coupon, which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equals to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the weighted average of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap. 
 
3.5.3.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon(i) ; Coupon(i) x Sum (for t from t1 to t2) Weight_Coupon(t) x 
Act(t3,t4)/360)) 
 
3.5.3.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.3.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Weight_Coupon(RVD(T)) + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap ; Weight_1 x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) / ReferenceFormula_Final(t0) + Sum (for i from 1 to RVD(T))(n from 1 to LockNumber) (Weight(i, 
n) x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(t)) / ReferenceFormula_Final(i)))) 
 
3.5.3.5  Specific Definitions: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier_1(n) [[and][or] 
[ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier_2(n)]. 
 
Weight_Coupon(i) means : 
For i = y1, Weight_Coupon(i) = Initial_Cash 
For i from (y1+1) to y2, Weight_Coupon(i) = Max(0%; Initial_Cash – Sum(j from 1 to i-1)(n from 1 to LockNumber) [Weight(j, n)])

--- Page 349 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
349 
Weight(i, n) means : 
If on Valuation Date(i), Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
Weight(i, n) =  Min(Weight(n), Weight_Coupon(i)) 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred : 
Weight(i, n) = 0% 
 
Definitions relating to date(s) 
 
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [Daily Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
3.5.3.6  Variable Data: 
 
Floor_Coupon; Cap_Coupon; Coupon; LockNumber; Weight_Coupon; Initial_Cash; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA ; FinalFloor; 
FinalCap; Weight_1; Weight; FinalBarrier; LockInBarrier_1; LockInBarrier_2. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.3.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
Price (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
 
3.5.4 Best Entry 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.4, the following applies: 
 
 
3.5.4.1  Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends upon the sum of each 
weighted value of BestEntryPeriod, which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount which depends upon the scenario 
occurring among the only 1 (or 2 depending upon the Option selected) possible. 
 
When relevant, the occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the weighted average of the relevant ReferenceFormula 
applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, compared to a Barrier.  
 
The Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the weighted average of 
the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, which may 
be subject to a floor and / or a cap. 
 
3.5.4.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor_Coupon(i) ; Min(Cap_Coupon(i) ; Coupon(i) x  [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_Coupon(n) 
x BestEntryPeriod(n,i)/TimeBasis)) 
 
3.5.4.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.4.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Certificate 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 350 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
350 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor 
; 
Min(FinalCap 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight 2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Simplified Best Entry 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), the Lock-In Event(n) has occurred, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, 
RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option C: Digital 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n, RVD(T)))) 
 
3.5.4.5  Specific Definitions: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
BestEntryPeriod(n,i) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n): 
 
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls before Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to 0 (zero); 
 
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls within Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to the number of calendar days from and 
excluding: 
   (i)   the later of the Valuation Date(i-1) and Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) to and including 
   (ii)   the Lock-In Valuation Date(n); 
 
- if Lock-In Valuation Date(n) falls after Schedule(i) or Lock In Event(n) has not occurred, then: 
   a) if Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) falls before or within Schedule(i), then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal to the number of calendar 
days from and excluding  
   (i)   the later of the Valuation Date(i-1) and Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) to and including  
   (ii)  the Valuation Date(i) 
    b) if Lock-In Valuation Date(n-1) falls after Schedule(i) or Lock In Event(n-1) has not occurred, then BestEntryPeriod(n,i) is equal 
to 0 (zero). 
 
[Lock-In Event(0) is deemed to have occurred on Valuation Date(0)] 
 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on any Reference Date(s)(t), for the first 
time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier(n). 
 
[Option A: Mono-Underlying

--- Page 351 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
351 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n): 
-   if Lock-In Event(n) has occurred:  
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = S(i) / BestEntryStrike(n).  
-   If Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred:  
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = 100%. 
 
BestEntryStrike(n) means, [in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) which has occurred, the Minimum of the Closing Prices of the 
Underlying observed on each Daily Valuation Date(i) from and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In 
Valuation Date(n) to and including the Lock-In Valuation Date(n)] [the Closing Price of the Underlying on Reference Date(s)(t0)] 
[LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0)].] 
 
[Option B: Multi-Underlyings  
 
BestEntryBasketLevel(n, i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i, k) and BestEntryLevel(n, i, k). 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) means, in respect of [each][the] Lock-In Event(n): 
 
-   If Lock-In Event(n) has occurred:  
BestEntryLevel(n,  i, k) = S(i, k) / BestEntryStrike(n, k) 
-   If Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred:  
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = 100%. 
 
BestEntryStrike(n, k) means, in [respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n) which has occurred, the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) 
observed on the specific Daily Valuation Date(i) on which ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(RVD(i)) reached its [lowest][highest] level from 
and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the Lock-In Valuation Date(n) to and including the Lock-In Valuation 
Date(n).] [the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) on Reference Date(s)(t0)] [LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0,k)].] 
 
Definitions relating to date(s) 
 
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Lock-In Valuation Date(n) means, in respect of [each] [the] Lock-In Event(n), the specific Reference Date(s)(t) on which such Lock-
In Event(n) has occurred. 
 
Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [Daily Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
Reference Date(s)(t0) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(t0)] or  
-   [Lock-In Valuation Date(n)] or 
-   [the date(t0) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
3.5.4.6  Variable Data: 
 
Floor_Coupon; Cap_Coupon; Coupon; LockNumber; Weight_Coupon; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA ; FinalFloor; FinalCap; 
Weight_1; Weight_2; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; FinalFloor_1; FinalFloor_2; FinalCap 
_1; FinalCap_2; FinalBarrier; LockInBarrier. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.4.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
S(i) is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate. 
 
 
3.6  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "MULTI-UNDERLYING"

--- Page 352 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
352 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Multi-Underlying", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in 
the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.6.1 
Reserved 
3.6.2 
Correlation Call 
3.6.3 
Palladium 
3.6.4 
Reserved 
3.6.5 
Reserved 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "MULTI-UNDERLYING" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of several 
Underlyings composing the Basket, where the Product Amount(s) is(are) are determined based on the individual performance or level 
of each Underlying, provided that this individual performance or level can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered over time depending on the individual performance or level of the Underlyings. 
Performance of the Underlyings or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, 
locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.6.1 Reserved 
 
3.6.2 Correlation Call 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.2, the following applies: 
 
3.6.2.0 Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be 
by the value of the Correlation Level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap 
and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.6.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.6.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.6.2.3 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor 
x CorrelationLevel)) 
 
3.6.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
CorrelationLevel = ReferenceFormula_CorrelationFinal – Strike 
 
Where: 
ReferenceFormula_CorrelationFinal = (2/(N x (N-1))) x Sum (k from 1 to N, and s from 2 
to N, and s strictly higher than k) Rho(s,k) 
 
Rho(s,k) = Covariance(s,k)/(Sigma(s) x Sigma(k)) 
 
Covariance(s,k) = Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,s, 
TimeStep) - AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(s)) x (TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, 
TimeStep) - AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k)))/(T- TimeStep) 
 
Sigma(k) = (Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k,TimeStep) -

--- Page 353 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
353 
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k))^(2))/(T- TimeStep))^(1/2) 
 
Sigma(s) = (Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) ((TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,s,TimeStep) - 
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(s))^(2))/(T- TimeStep))^(1/2) 
 
TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, TimeStep) = LN(S(i+TimeStep,k)/S(i,k)) 
 
AverageTimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(k) = Sum (i from 1 to T-TimeStep) 
TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel(i,k, TimeStep)/(T-TimeStep) 
 
With: 
TimeStep means a number used to determine a TimeStepLogRestrikeLevel. 
 
(a) Variable Data: 
 
Strike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
(b) Reference Formula(e): 
 
The Reference Formula defined under Condition 4 and used for these Products is: 
 
S (the Closing Price) (Family of SimpleLevel) 
 
3.6.2.5 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.6.3 Palladium 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.3, the following applies: 
 
  
3.6.3.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the Palladium Level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
 
3.6.3.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.6.3.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.6.3.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor x (PalladiumLevel(RVD(T)) – Strike))) 
 
3.6.3.5  Specific Definition(s): 
PalladiumLevel(i) = (1/N) x Sum( for k from 1 to N) [ABS(Level(i,k) – (1/N) x Sum( for s from 1 to N) Level(i,s))] 
 
3.6.3.6  Reference Formula(e): 
The Reference Formula defined under Condition 4 and used for these Products is: 
Level 
 
3.6.3.7  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.6.4 Symphony 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.4, the following applies: 
 
3.6.4.0 Product Description:

--- Page 354 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
354 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal 
to a predetermined value. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the Sum of the Symphony Strike Levels, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or 
with a leverage factor. 
 
3.6.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Coupon(i) 
 
3.6.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.6.4.3 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor1 ; LeverageFactor 
x Sum (i from 1 to NumberofSymphonyPeriods) SymphonyStrikedLevel(i,SymphonyRank1 
, SymphonyRank2, SymphonyRank3 , SymphonyRank4, SymphonyRank5, 
SymphonyRank6))) 
 
3.6.4.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Two sets of Valuation Dates are defined: RVD1(i) and RVD2(i) 
 
SymphonyStrikedLevel is determined according to the following formula: 
 
SymphonyStrikedLevel(i, SymphonyRank1, SymphonyRank2, SymphonyRank3, 
SymphonyRank4, SymphonyRank5, SymphonyRank6) = Max(Floor_2 ; 0.5 x 
(SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank1, SymphonyRank2) + 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank5, SymphonyRank6)) - 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank3 , SymphonyRank4) - Strike) 
 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i) , RVD2(i), SymphonyRank1, SymphonyRank2) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank1-th position included and SymphonyRank2-th position included in 
a descending order. 
 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), SymphonyRank3, SymphonyRank4) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank3-th position included and SymphonyRank4-th position included in 
a descending order. 
 
SymphonyLevelBasket(RVD1(i), RVD2(i, SymphonyRank5, SymphonyRank6) is the 
Arithmetic Average of the SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i), RVD2(i), k) ranked 
between SymphonyRank5-th position included and SymphonyRank6-th position included in 
a descending order. 
 
SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(i) , RVD2(i),k) = S(RVD2(i),k)/S(RVD1(i),k) 
 
If Option "Freeze Date" is applicable: 
 
For each k from 1 to N, if on all (i), S(RVD1(i),k) is lower than or equal to Threshold 
x S(RVD1(0),k), then, for that Underlying (k) and each (t) which follows such (i) 
then: 
 
For each such Underlying (k) and for each (t) such as RVD1(t) is on [or after] 
RVD1(i), SymphonyIndividualRestrikeLevel(RVD1(t),RVD2(t),k) = 1 
 
With: 
 
NumberofSymphonyPeriods means the number of observation periods which are used to 
determine the Product Formula in respect of a Symphony product. 
 
SymphonyRank[_1/2/3/4/5/6] means a rank used to determine a SymphonyLevelBasket.

--- Page 355 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
355 
 
(a) Variable Data: 
 
Strike; Threshold; Floor_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
(b) Reference Formula(e): 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the one used for these 
Products is: 
 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate) 
 
3.6.4.5 Variable Data: 
 
Coupon; ConstantRedemptionLevel; Cap; Floor1; LeverageFactor; 
NumberofSymphonyPeriods; SymphonyRank1; SymphonyRank2; SymphonyRank3; 
SymphonyRank4; SymphonyRank5; SymphonyRank6 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
 
3.6.5  Reserved 
 
3.7  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "VOLATILITY" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Volatility", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.7.1 
Variance European Options 
3.7.2 
Reserved 
3.7.3 
Reserved 
3.7.4 
Volatility European Options 
3.7.5 
Volatility Target Strategy 
3.7.6 
Reserved 
3.7.7 
Sharpe Ratio & Restriked Sharpe Ratio 
3.7.8 
Reserved 
3.7.9 
CMS Sharpe Ratio & Restriked CMS Sharpe Ratio 
3.7.10 
Reserved 
3.7.11 
Call Evolution 
 
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "VOLATILITY" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of the historical 
variance or historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket. Variance and volatility are 
measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) returns. The Product Amount(s) are determined based on (a) performance or level of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, and / or (b) historical variance or historical volatility of the 
Underlying or Basket and / or (c) additional parameters (if relevant). Performance or level or historical variance or historical volatility 
of the Underlying or Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.7.1 Variance European Options

--- Page 356 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
356 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.1, the following applies: 
 
   
3.7.1.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the two possible and the Option selected: 
 
If the Historical Variance ReferenceFormula considered is [higher] [lower] [or equal] to a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals 
a predetermined value increased as the case may be the value of the Historical Variance ReferenceFormula, which may be subject 
to a leverage factor. 
 
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.1.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.1.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.1.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Variance Call 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 + Participation x (HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) - FinalStrike) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2  
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Variance Put 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 + Participation x (FinalStrike - HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor)) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option  C: Variance Digit 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_1  
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_2

--- Page 357 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
357 
3.7.1.5  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1; ConstantRedemptionLevel_2; DetrendFactorParticipation; Strike; FinalStrike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.7.1.6  Reference Formula(e): 
HistoricalVarianceLevel is defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel". 
 
3.7.2 Reserved  
 
3.7.3 Reserved 
 
3.7.4  Volatility European Options 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.4, the following applies: 
 
  
3.7.4.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the two possible and the Option selected: 
 
If the Volatility ReferenceFormula considered is [higher] [lower] [or equal] to a Strike, the Final Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be the value of the Volatility ReferenceFormula, which may be subject to a leverage 
factor. 
 
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.4.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.4.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.4.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Volatility Call 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel  
 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B:Volatility Put 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Participation x (FinalStrike - ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option C: Volatility Digit

--- Page 358 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
358 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) is higher than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + Coupon  
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) is lower than [or equal to] Barrier then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
3.7.4.5  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Participation; Strike; FinalStrike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.7.4.6  Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones used for these Products are:  
 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel and RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel") 
 
3.7.5  Volatility Target Strategy 
 
 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.5, the following applies: 
  
3.7.5.1  Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value 
increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/ or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.7.5.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.5.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.5.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option A: Target Volatility 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
+ 
Max(Floor; 
Min(Cap; 
Participation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option B: Locked Coupon Target Volatility 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
+ 
Max(Floor; 
Min(Cap; 
Participation 
x 
Max(LockedCoupon; 
(AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(RVD(T)) – Strike)))) 
 
3.7.5.5 Specific Definitions:  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2), means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2 of the VolatilityStrategy(i).  
For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a 
Valuation Date, a Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date.  
 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) means AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2)/ StrikeVolatilityStrategy.

--- Page 359 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
359 
For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a 
Valuation Date, a Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date.  
 
CashReturn(i) means Rate(i-1)×Act(i−1,i)/TimeBasis  
 
DynamicLeverage(i) means Min(Leverage_Cap; Target_Volatility/ LeveragedVolatility(i-Lag))  
 
ExcessReturn(i) means TotalReturn(i) – CashReturn(i)  
 
LeveragedVolatility(i) means [Realized_Volatility(i, RVP)] or [Max(Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_1);Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_2))], as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms  
 
LockedPayout means INT(MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2)/LockInLevel) x LockInLevel 
 
MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2), means the maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i).  
For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a 
Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date.  
 
Rate(i) means a rate (usually overnight), specified in the applicable Final Terms, which is used to determine CashReturn(i)  
 
Realized Volatility(i, RVP) means [((AF / VD(i)) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ))) ^(0.5)] or [((AF / VD(i)) 
x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ) – (1/RVP) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) (LN(1 + VolReturn(t))))^2 ) ) 
^(0.5)], as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return(i), means [ExcessReturn(i)] or [TotalReturn(i)], as specified in the applicable Final Terms  
 
StrikeVolatilityStrategy, means [VolatilityStrategy(0)] or [AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2)], as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a 
Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date.  
 
TotalReturn(i) means [(BasketRestrikeLevel(i) – 100%)] or [RestrikeLevel(i) – 100%], as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
VolDenominator(i) (or VD(i)) means [Act(i – RVP,i)] or [RVP] or (RVP-1)], as specified in the applicable Final Terms  
 
VolatilityStrategy(i) means [VolatilityStrategy(i-1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i-1) x Return(i) + ((1 – DynamicLeverage(i-1)) x 
CashReturn(i))) - [SD x Act(i-1,i) / 365] )] or [VolatilityStrategy(i-1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i-1) x Return(i) - [SD x Act(i-1,i) / 365] )], 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where VolatilityStrategy(0) =  ConstantVolatilityStrategy_0 
 
VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i) means VolatilityStrategy(i)/StrikeVolatilityStrategy  
 
VolReturn(i) means [ExcessReturn(i)] or [TotalReturn(i)], as specified in the applicable Final Terms  
 
3.7.5.6 Variable Data: 
 
AF, Cap, ConstantRedemptionLevel, ConstantVolatilityStrategy_0, Floor, Lag, Leverage_Cap, LockInLevel, Participation, RVP, SD, 
Strike, Target_Volatility. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.  
 
3.7.5.7 Reference Formula(e): 
 
RestrikeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance" 
BasketRestrikeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance" 
 
3.7.6  Reserved 
 
3.7.7 Sharpe Ratio & Restriked Sharpe Ratio 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.7, the following applies: 
 
  
3.7.7.1  Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal to the value of the [Sharpe Ratio] [Restriked 
Sharpe Ratio] considered and applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.7.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable

--- Page 360 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
360 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option A: Sharpe Ratio 
 
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x SharpeRatio(i))) 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option B: Restriked Sharpe Ratio 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x RestrikedSharpeRatio(i)))] 
 
3.7.7.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.7.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
3.7.7.5   Specific Definition(s): 
SharpeRatio(i) = Max(0 ; ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i))) / Max(VolFloor ; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i))) 
 
RestrikedSharpeRatio(i) 
= 
Max(0 
; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1)) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i-1))) 
/ 
Max(VolFloor 
; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i))) 
 
With: 
VolFloor means the minimum percentage that can be reached by the realized volatility of the element to which it is applied. 
 
3.7.7.6   Variable Data: 
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.  
VolFloor 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.7.4 herein.  
 
3.7.7.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):  
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level") 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel" 
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of " VolatilityLevel") 
CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
 
3.7.8 Reserved  
 
3.7.9 CMS Sharpe Ratio & Restriked CMS Sharpe Ratio 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.9, the following applies: 
 
  
3.7.9.1   Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount depending upon the values of a Rate 
ReferenceFormula and of the [Sharpe Ratio] [Restriked Sharpe Ratio] considered. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.9.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option A: CMS SharpeRatio 
 
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; ReferenceFormula_RateCMS(RVD(i)) + SpreadCMS(RVD(i)))) x Participation(i) x 
SharpeRatio(i)

--- Page 361 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
361 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option B: Restriked CMS SharpeRatio 
 
Structured Interest Amount (i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; ReferenceFormula_RateCMS(RVD(i)) + SpreadCMS(RVD(i)))) x Participation(i) x 
RestrikedSharpeRatio(i) 
 
With: 
SpreadCMS means the spread, expressed in percentage, to be added to the ReferenceFormula_RateCMS. 
 
3.7.9.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.9.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel  
 
3.7.9.5   Specific Definition(s): 
SharpeRatio(i) = Max(0 ; ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i))) / Max(VolFloor ; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i))) 
 
RestrikedSharpeRatio(i) 
= 
Max(0 
; 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i-1)) 
– 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i)) 
/ 
ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon(RVD(i-1))) 
/ 
Max(VolFloor 
; 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon(RVD(i))) 
 
With: 
VolFloor means the minimum percentage that can be reached by the realized volatility of the element to which it is applied. 
 
3.7.9.6   Variable Data: 
Floor; Cap; Participation; ConstantRedemptionLevel. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.  
 
SpreadCMS. 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.9.2 herein.  
 
VolFloor. 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 3.7.9.5 herein.  
 
3.7.9.7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_RateCMS; ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_StrikeCoupon; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityCoupon 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):  
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level") 
 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel") 
CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
 
3.7.10 Reserved  
 
3.7.11 Call Evolution 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.11, the following applies: 
 
3.7.11.0 Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and 
applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a Volatility Fee. 
 
3.7.11.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.11.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.7.11.3 Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 362 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
362 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel + Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Participation x 
Max(0 ; Leverage x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) x POW((1 - VolFeeLeverage x 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T))) ; Nbyears) - Strike - (Leverage - 1) x 
ReferenceFormula_FinalStrike(RVD(T))))) 
 
With: 
VolFeeLeverage means the multiplicative factor applied to the 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal, in order to deduce, if any, the fees linked to realized 
volatility 
 
And: 
Nbyears means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to which it is applied. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Nbyears may not be an integer. 
 
3.7.11.4 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Floor; Cap; Participation; Leverage; Strike. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
VolFeeLeverage and Nbyears. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.7.11.3 herein. 
 
3.7.11.5 Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal; 
ReferenceFormula_FinalStrike 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for 
these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "Simple Level") 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel") 
CapiReferenceLevel (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference 
Fixings") 
3.8   RESERVED 
 
3.9  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "RATE" 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Rate", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.9.1 
Structured Floating Rate Notes 
3.9.2 
Corridor 
3.9.3 
Ratchet Corridor 
3.9.4 
Constant Maturity Forward 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "RATE" comprises Products commonly used to provide exposure to Reference Rate or Inflation Index, provided that other 
Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate or Inflation Index. 
 
3.9.0  Generic descriptions for Rate Products 
 
3.9.0.1  Upper Bound Trigger Event 
 
a) Description: 
Upper Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is higher than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierUpperBound(i). 
 
b) Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound.  
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 363 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
363 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
 
3.9.0.2 Lower Bound Trigger Event 
 
a) Description: 
Lower Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierLowerBound(i). 
 
b) Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrierLowerBound.  
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
 
3.9.0.3  Target Knock-In Event 
 
a) Description: 
Target Knock-In Event is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) is higher than [or equal to] TargetAmount(i). 
 
b) Variable Data: 
TargetAmount. 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): Not Applicable  
 
d) Specific Definition(s): 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i)  
With: 
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0 (zero)] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
  
3.9.0.4 Automatic Early Redemption Events   
  
   
Set out below a list of different Options relating to the Family of Products "Rate". The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described below, to determine 
and calculate the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
OPTION 1: Upper Bound Trigger Event for Automatic Early Redemption 
If on a Valuation Date(i), an Upper Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i)  
 
OPTION 2: Lower Bound Trigger Event for Automatic Early Redemption 
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Lower Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i)  
 
OPTION 3: Target Knock-In Event for Automatic Early Redemption 
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Target Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) 
 
3.9.1 Structured Floating Rate Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.1, the following applies: 
 
  
3.9.1.1 Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount the calculation of which depends on the Option selected 
among the 2 possible:

--- Page 364 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
364 
If Option No Global Cap is selected, a Structured Interest Amount equal to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and 
applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor and/or with a Day Count 
Fraction.   
 
If Option With Global Cap is selected, a Structured Interest Amount (i) equal to the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and 
applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and / or with a Day Count 
Fraction (ii) and dependent of the Structured Interest Amount previously computed.   
 
- A priori, there is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product unless an Option is specified applicable to the Product amongst 
the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends on 
the Option selected among the 2 possible: 
 
If Option No Global Floor is selected, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined 
value. 
 
If Option With Global Floor is selected, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined 
value which may be subject to cap and/or with a leverage factors and may be dependent of the Structured Interest Amount previously 
computed. 
 
3.9.1.2   Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option No Global Cap 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation1(i) x (Participation2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike(i)) 
+ Spread(i)))) [x DayCountFraction] 
 
Structured Interest Amount – Option With Global Cap 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Min(Target(i) – Participation (i) x SumCoupons[Paid](i-1); (Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation1(i) x 
(Participation2(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) – Strike(i)) + Spread(i)))) [x DayCountFraction])) 
 
3.9.1.3   Automatic Early Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to the Product amongst the Options 
described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
 
3.9.1.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option No Global Floor 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
Final Redemption Amount – Option With Global Floor 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Max(Floor(T); Target(T) – Participation(T) x SumCoupons[Paid](T)) 
 
3.9.1.5  Specific Definition(s): 
SumCoupons[Paid](i) = SumCoupons[Paid](i-1) + Structured Interest Amount(i) 
 
With: 
[SumCoupons[Paid](0) = 0] or [SumCoupons[Paid](t1) = SumCoupons_t1] 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.9.1.6  Variable Data: 
Cap; Floor; Target, Participation, Participation1; Participation2; Strike; Spread; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when applicable); ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.9.1..7   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):  
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying: 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel")

--- Page 365 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
365 
RestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance") 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing or SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 
of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
BasketPerformance or BasketRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
 
3.9.2 Corridor  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.2, the following applies: 
 
 
3.9.2.1   Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount that depends both upon (i) the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and (ii) the value of a ReferenceFormula considered 
among the "Range Accrual" Family, which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor and a Day Count 
Fraction.   
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.9.2.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) + Spread(i)) x 
ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i)))) x DayCountFraction 
 
3.9.2.3   Automatic Early Redemption:  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to the  
Product amongst the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
 
3.9.2.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
3.9.2.5  Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.9.2.6  Variable Data: 
 
Floor; 
Cap; 
Participation; 
Spread; 
DayCountFraction; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when 
applicable); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.9.2.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these  
Products are (but without limitation): 
RangeAccrualFormula, DualRangeAccrualFormula, or BinaryRangeAccrualFormula (as defined under Condition 4.21 of the Family 
of "RangeAccrual") 
 
3.9.3  Ratchet Corridor 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.3, the following applies: 
 
  
3.9.3.1 Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount that depends upon the combination of (i) the value of 
the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and (ii) the values of a ReferenceFormula 
considered among the "Range Accrual" Family and observed at two Dates, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or 
with a leverage factor and to a Day Count Fraction.   
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value.

--- Page 366 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
366 
 
3.9.3.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon(RVD(i)) + Spread(i)) x 
ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i)) x ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual(RVD(i-1)))) x DayCountFraction 
 
3.9.3.3  Automatic Early Redemption:  
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to the Product amongst the Options 
described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above.  
 
3.9.3.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
3.9.3.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.9.3.6  Variable Data: 
Floor; 
Cap; 
Participation; 
Spread; 
DayCountFraction; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA 
(when 
applicable); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.9.3.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon; ReferenceFormula_RangeAccrual 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
RangeAccrualFormula, DualRangeAccrualFormula, or BinaryRangeAccrualFormula (as defined under Condition 4.21 of the Family 
of "RangeAccrual") 
 
3.9.4 Constant Maturity Forward 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.4, the following applies: 
 
  
3.9.4.1 Product Description: 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays a Structured Interest Amount equal to the value of Reference Formulas considered 
and applied to the Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor and with a Day Count 
Fraction.   
 
- A priori, there is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.9.4.2  Structured Interest Amount: Applicable 
 
Structured Interest Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Participation(i) x (ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) + (1 + 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i))) ^ n2 x ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1(RVD(i)) – (1 + ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i))) 
^  n2 x ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2(RVD(i)) + Spread(i))  )) [x DayCountFraction] 
 
3.9.4.3  Automatic Early Redemption:  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not Applicable" or the Option applicable to the Product amongst the Options 
described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
 
3.9.4.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA 
 
3.9.4.5  Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.9.4.6  Variable Data: 
Cap; Floor; Participation; n1, n2 ; Strike; Spread; DayCountFraction; ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA (when applicable); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA.

--- Page 367 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
367 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.9.4.7  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Coupon_1; ReferenceFormula_Coupon_2  
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):  
 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
 
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
RestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance") 
 
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing, BasketFixing or SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 
of the Family of "Reference Fixings") 
 
3.10  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "CREDIT LINKED PRODUCT OR REPACK NOTES PRODUCTS"  
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Credit Linked Products or Repack Notes Products", the Reference of the 
Product of which is mentioned in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the 
Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.10.1 
Credit Linked Products 
3.10.2 
Autocall Credit Linked Products 
3.10.3 
Long Recovery Credit Linked Products 
3.10.4 
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products 
3.10.5 
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products 
3.10.6 
Bi Credit Linked Products 
3.10.7 
Leveraged Credit Linked Products 
 
For each Reference of the Product mentioned in the table above, any reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes , including any reference not relating to a Product Amount, may be enumerated as many times as the context may 
require.  
 
The original reference that is enumerated shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration, unless the Reference of the Product indicates a definition of the original reference that is enumerated specific to the 
enumeration and, in such case, the definition of the Reference of the Product shall prevail. 
 
In case several references from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit  Linked Notes, including any reference not relating to 
a Product Amount, are enumerated, all the distinct references enumerated with the same enumeration shall be deemed, mutatis 
mutandis, to be part of the same set of references and, when relevant, linked to one another. 
 
Illustration: 
For the product 3.10.5, Aggregate Loss Amount, Tranche Subordination Amount and Interest Recovery Rate, non-exhaustively, may 
be enumerated into, respectively: 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3); 
 
Tranche Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3); 
 
Interest Recovery Rate(1), Interest Recovery Rate(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(3). 
 
The definition of Aggregate Loss Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Aggregate Loss 
Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3).

--- Page 368 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
368 
The definition of Tranche Subordination Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Tranche 
Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3). 
 
The definition of Interest Recovery Rate shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Interest Recovery 
Rate(1), Interest Recovery Rate(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(3). 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(1) and Interest Recovery Rate(1)   shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, 
to be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (1)) and, when relevant, linked 
to one another. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Interest Recovery Rate(2)  shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to 
be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (2)) and, when relevant, linked to 
one another. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(3), Tranche Subordination Amount(3) and Interest Recovery Rate(3)  shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to 
be part of the same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (3)) and, when relevant, linked to 
one another. 
 
Description of how the value of the  Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "CREDIT LINKED PRODUCTS OR REPACK NOTES PRODUCTS" comprises Products which provide exposure to the 
credit risk of a Reference Entity or a Reference Portfolio comprising several Reference Entities (in respect of Credit Linked Notes) or 
a Bond or a Reference Portfolio comprising several Bonds (in respect of Repack Notes) and the financial indebtedness of any such 
Reference Entity or one or several Reference Entity(ies) within the Reference Portfolio (in respect of Credit Linked Notes), where the 
Product Amounts are determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of the occurrence 
of Credit Event(s), according to the Cash Redemption Amount or the Physical Delivery Amount (with, if any, the Cash Redemption 
Amount  per Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
or of Bond Event(s), according to the Cash Redemption Amount as defined in the General Terms and Conditions for of the Notes. In 
addition, the Autocall Credit Linked Products provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of a CDS Spread, where the 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions, one of which being typically satisfied if the level of the CDS 
Spread is higher (or lower) than or equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
 
3.10.1 Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.1, the following applies: 
 
  
3.10.1.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined according to the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
 
3.10.1.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.1.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.1.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note 
at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
Cash Redemption Amount means,  
[if Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 
100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each 
Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[if Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 
100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the Nominal Amount of 
each Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between 
the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%], an amount, 
subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date.

--- Page 369 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
369 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%], an 
amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference 
between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss 
Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount and (y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, deliver the Physical 
Delivery Amount to the Noteholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note, Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where 
such Specified Deliverable Obligations are Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are not Borrowed Money),  
 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B– C) 
 
Where: 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) or (iii) the multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the 
circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes); and 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs 
 
3.10.1.5   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel. 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.2 Autocall Credit Linked Products 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.2, the following applies: 
 
  
3.10.2.1  Product Description: 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to 
have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value.  
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined on the basis of the 
Reference Formula and according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
 
3.10.2.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.2.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount:  Applicable 
 
3.10.2  Left blank inconditionally 
 
3.10.3  Autocall Credit Linked Products  
 
3.10.3.1 Left blank inconditionally 
 
3.10.3.2 Left blank inconditionally 
 
3.10.3.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if (1) on a Valuation 
Date(i), [[a European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and][or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], (2) no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or before the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(RVD(i)), and (3) no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay (if applicable) has occurred and is 
continuing at the Automatic Early Redemption Date(RVD(i)), then: 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + [Coupon_AERA [x i] [x DCF(i)]] 
 
3.10.3.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1:

--- Page 370 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
370 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1 + [Coupon_FRA [x T] [x DCF(T)]] 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note 
at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
Cash Redemption Amount means 
[where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the 
Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%] an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal 
Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus 
the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Notes: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, deliver the Physical 
Delivery Amount to the Noteholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note, Specified Deliverable Obligations (a) are Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and 
Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed Money), in each case determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B– C) 
 
Where: 
 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) or (iii) the multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the 
circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes); and 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs 
 
3.10.3.5  Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrier; 
FinalBarrier; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_1; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA_2; Coupon_FRA; Coupon_AERA.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.3.6  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products is (but without limitation):CDS 
Spread. 
 
3.10.4 Long Recovery Credit Linked Products  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.4, the following applies: 
 
  
3.10.4.1  Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
­ 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
­ 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined according to (i) the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s) and (ii) the value of the weighted average of the floating recovery(ies) compared to a Barrier. 
 
3.10.4.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 371 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
371 
 
3.10.4.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.4.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if (i) one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) and (ii) the Average Recovery Value is [lower] [higher] 
than [or equal to] the Barrier, the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
[If Basket Notes or Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%: 
 
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of 
the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs 
calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
Average Recovery Value means the weighted average of the Final Value determined for all Reference Entities in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, each such Final Value being weighted according to the relevant Reference Entity 
Weighting. 
 
Preliminary Cash Redemption is Not Applicable.] 
[If Basket Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%: 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for 
a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
 
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, 
means, in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to 
the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price, subject to a minimum of zero.] 
[If Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%: 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for 
a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the 
aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) 
the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
 
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, 
means, in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to 
the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price, subject to a minimum of zero.] 
 
3.10.4.5 Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Barrier. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.5  Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.5 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Notes is Tranche 
Notes the following applies: 
 
  
3.10.5.1 Product Description: 
- This Product may pay a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount. None of these two amounts shall be deemed to 
be a Product Amount, because each of these two amounts may be expressed differently from the formula (Specified Denomination x 
Product Formula). 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined according to the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) may fall within a tranche related to a certain Reference Portfolio having 
a predetermined Reference Portfolio Weight. 
 
3.10.5.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.5.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 372 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
372 
 
3.10.5.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note 
at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
[If the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%: 
 
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to the Relevant Proportion of the 
Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the difference between (xx) the difference 
between (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount and (b) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) and (xy) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs(k) 
calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) (k from 1 to N) means Weight_k. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(k) (k from 1 to N) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; 
and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(k) for all Reference Entities in 
the Reference Portfolio(k) and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination 
Amount(k). 
 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes that is enumerated above, and the definition 
of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
3.10.5.5  Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel, Weight_k (k from 1 to N). 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.5.6  Other amounts: 
[If the Interest Credit Factor and the Interest Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is stated as being different from "Guaranteed Coupon" and (ii) the clause “Interest Recovery” 
is stated as being “Fixed Interest Recovery”, and the Product pays a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount, then, 
for each of the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Floating Coupon Amount: 
 
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the difference between (xx) the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and (xy) an amount equal to the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) that would be calculated if the Final Value(k) 
for all Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio(k) and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred was 
deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery Rate(k). 
 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes that is enumerated above, and the definition 
of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
3.10.6 Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.6 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Notes is Tranche 
Notes, the following applies: 
 
  
3.10.6.1  Product Description: 
- This Product may pay a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount. None of these two amounts shall be deemed to 
be a Product Amount, because each of these two amounts may be expressed differently from the formula (Specified Denomination x 
Product Formula). 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined according to the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) may fall within a tranche the width of which, marked in particular by 
the Attachment Point and the Detachment Point, automatically changes on the Tranche Switch Date. 
 
3.10.6.2   Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.6.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable

--- Page 373 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
373 
 
3.10.6.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Fiduciary will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note 
at the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
[If the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%: 
 
Cash Redemption Amount means, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of 
the product of (x) the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount(1) and (y) the difference 
between 1 and the division of (xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) by (xy) the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of 
the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest 
of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(1) for all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Tranche 
Switch Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(1). 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) means at any time for a Tranche Note, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the highest 
of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(2) for all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(2). 
 
Tranche Switch Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Tranche Switch Date must be comprised 
within the period from and excluding the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date. 
 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes that is enumerated above, and the definition 
of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.] 
 
3.10.6.5   Variable Data: 
ConstantRedemptionLevel. 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4  herein. 
 
3.10.6.6   Other amounts: 
[If the Interest Credit Factor and the Interest Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the clause 
"Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is stated as being different from "Guaranteed Coupon" and (ii) the clause “Interest Recovery” 
is stated as being “Fixed Interest Recovery”, and the Product pays a Fixed Coupon Amount and/or a Floating Coupon Amount, then, 
for each of the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Floating Coupon Amount: 
 
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, 
equal to the product of: 
(x) the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount(1) that would be calculated if the Final 
Value for all Reference Entities and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date occurred from and including the First Credit 
Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Tranche Switch Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery 
Rate  
 
and  
 
(y) the difference between 1 and the division of:  
(xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) that would be calculated if the Final Value for all Reference Entities and in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery Rate  
 
by  
 
(xy) the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes that is enumerated above, and the definition 
of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its enumeration in 
accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
3.10.7  Bi Credit Linked Products 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.7, the following applies:

--- Page 374 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
374 
 
3.10.8.1 Product Description 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption 
Amount determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s). 
 
3.10.7.2 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.7.3 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.7.4 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
if no Bond Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
Scenario 2: if a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Fiduciary shall redeem 
the Notes on the Maturity Date in accordance with the provision of these Final Terms and 
the provisions of “Part 2 – Repack Notes Specific Provisions” of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
Scenario 3: if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Max[Bond Final Value - (100% - 
Final Value + Unwind Costs); 0] 
 
If both a Bond Event and a Credit Event occur, the Calculation Agent will determine in its 
sole discretion if a Bond Event Determination Date or a Credit Event Determination Date 
shall occur by sending a Bond Event Notice or Credit Event Notice, as applicable. 
 
3.10.7.5 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.7    Leveraged Credit Linked Products  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.7, the following applies: 
 
  
 
3.10.7.1 Product Description: 
 
   -   This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
   -   An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to 
have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals the Market Value. 
   -   Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount determined according to the 
occurrence of Credit Event(s), and subject to a Leverage on the loss amount if a Credit Event Occurs. 
 
3.10.7.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.10.7.3   Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Market Value 
 
Where : 
 
Market Value means, as per General Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent, which, on the due date for the redemption of the Note, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements entered into in respect of the Notes) of preserving 
for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such early redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i)(i 
from 1 to T):

--- Page 375 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
375 
[if Single Name Notes  
 
(i) the Reference Entity Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single  
[or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity.] 
[and [(ii)][(iii)] the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to Barrier_ AER]] 
 
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
 
(i) the Average Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Basket 
 
[or (ii) the Reference Entity Spread with respect to any Reference Entity(k) on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single(k)]  
 
[ or [(ii)][(iii)] a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of one or more Reference Entities. ] 
 
[and [(ii)][(iii)][(iv)] the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to the Barrier_AER]] 
 
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
(i) the Credit Index Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier _Index 
and  
(ii) the Current Market Value of the Note is lower than or equal to the Barrier_AER.] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Determination Date means the day on which the Automatic Early Redemption Event Notice 
is delivered. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Noteholders 
informing the Noteholders that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred and specifying the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date and the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. The Automatic Early Redemption Event that is the subject of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event Notice does not need to be continuing on the Automatic Early Redemption Event Determination Date. 
 
Current Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the relevant Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 
T), shall represent the Market Value of the Notes that would be computed if the Notes were to be redeemed as of such Valuation 
Date(i) (i from 1 to T). 
 
Dealer means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
being a dealer in respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions. 
 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any day, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(A) the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain offer quotations from five Dealers, whereby: 
 
a. If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to 17.00 (London time) on such day (the “Quotation Deadline Time”), the 
Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to the quotations having the highest or lowest 
values (and, if more than one such quotation have the same highest or lowest quotation, then one of such highest or lowest quotations 
(as relevant) may be disregarded); or 
 
b. If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; or  
 
c. If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be such quotation; or 
 
(B) If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing 
in the market. 
 
Leverage means Leverage_FRA. 
 
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
 
Average Spread means, on any Valuation Date(i), the weighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities 
calculated as: Sum (for k from 1 to N) [Weight(k) x Spread(k)] 
N means the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio 
Weight(k) means the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of the kth  Reference Entity 
Spread(k) means the Reference Entity Spread in respect of the kth  Reference Entity] 
 
[if Basket Notes and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
 
Credit Index Spread: means, on any Valuation Date (i),  
(i) if no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Effective Credit Index Spread 
(ii) if one or more Credit Event Determination Dates have occurred, the Rebased Credit Index Spread. 
Initial Credit Index: [Insert the Credit Index]

--- Page 376 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
376 
Effective Credit Index: means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions are published after the Initial Index, the latest version 
of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
expected that the Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, and the Final 
Value has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Spread: means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default swap on the Effective Credit 
Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
 
Index Publisher: Markit Indices Limited, or any successor 
 
Credit Index Currency: [Insert the Credit Index Currency]  
 
Credit Index Maturity: [Insert the Credit Index Maturity] 
  
Credit Index Coupon: [Insert the Credit Index Coupon] 
  
Credit Index Recovery Rate: [Insert the Credit Index Recovery Rate]  
 
Rebased Credit Index Spread means the spread expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date (i) by converting the Rebased Credit Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW”, in Bloomberg, as 
further specified below, or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased 
Credit Index Spread using the following Bloomberg parameters: 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Credit Index Upfront 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
 
-   Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine the Rebased Credit Index Spread with substitute details which are market equivalent.  
 
Rebased Credit Index Upfront: means Effective Credit Index Upfront × Remaining Credit Index Notional + Aggregate Credit Index 
Loss Amount 
 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the 
Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or  any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the 
Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the following Bloomberg 
parameters  with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
 
-   Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
-   Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination with substitute details which are market equivalent.  
 
Remaining Credit Index Notional: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% minus 
the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
 
Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the 
Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Credit Index 
Loss Amount shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been 
determined.]

--- Page 377 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
377 
 
[if Single Name Notes 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with 
the Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes, and (ii) the 
Leverage (such credit default swap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using the Dealer Poll Method. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an upfront amount (the “Upfront 
Quotation”), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.] 
 
[if Basket Notes 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with 
the Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes, (ii) the Reference 
Entity Weighting and (iii) the Leverage (such credit default swap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using 
the Dealer Poll Method. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an 
upfront amount (the “Upfront Quotation”), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in 
Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.] 
 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year or any shorter standard CDS maturity, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Provided that, when assessing the Average Spread, the same Reference CDS Maturity shall be used to 
determine all Reference Entities Spreads.  
 
3.10.7.4   Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Issuer will, on the Maturity Date, redeem each Note at 
the Cash Redemption Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.]  
 
Cash Redemption Amount means,  
[if Single Name Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an amount, subject to 
a minimum of zero, equal to (A) the product of (i) 100% - Leverage x (100%-Final Value) multiplied by (ii) the Nominal Amount of each 
Note, minus (B) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
 [If Basket Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%], an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination 
Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
[If Basket Notes  
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, at any time for 
a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred.] 
 
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, 
in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the 
Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
 
[If Basket Notes  
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount multiplied by the Leverage.] 
 
3.10.7.5   Variable Data: 
 
Barrier_Basket, Leverage_FRA, Barrier_Single; Barrier_AER; Barrier_Index. 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.7.6   Reference Formula(e): 
CDS Spread is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate. 
 
3.11  FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "COMBINED VANILLAS"  
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Combined Vanillas", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned 
in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product

--- Page 378 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
378 
 
3.11.1 
Combined with Final Barrier 
3.11.2 
Combined Digits and Digits 
3.11.3 
Cumulative 
3.11.4 
Dynamic Cumulative 
 
Description of how the value of the Notes can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "COMBINED VANILLAS" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an 
Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) is(are) determined as a floored, 
capped or leveraged weighted combination, either additive or multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits and fixed amounts. 
 
3.11.1 Combined with Final Barrier 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.1, the following applies: 
 
  
3.11.1.1 Product Description:  
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount the calculation of which depends upon 
the scenario occurring among the 2 possible: 
 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount depends upon the value of the Sum of the Digits considered and as the case may be upon the value 
of the ReferenceFormula considered. 
 
3.11.1.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.1.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
3.11.1.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Leverage 
x SumOfDigitsAndDigits(T))) 
 
3.11.1.5 Specific Definition(s): 
 
SumOfDigitsAndDigits(T) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the 
Product of UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) and UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), 
FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then: 
 
UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; WeightA(k))) 
 
And: 
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; WeightB(k)))

--- Page 379 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
379 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then: 
 
UnitDigitA(T ,k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; WeightA(k))) 
 
And: 
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; 0)) 
 
Scenario 3: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then: 
 
UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; 0)) 
 
And: 
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; WeightB(k))) 
 
Scenario 4: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal 
to] StrikeDigitA(k) and ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitB(k), then: 
 
UnitDigitA(T, k, WeightDigitA(k), CapDigitA(k), FloorDigitA(k), StrikeDigitA(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA(k)(T)) means Min(CapA(k) ; Max(FloorA(k) ; 0)) 
 
And: 
UnitDigitB(T, k, WeightDigitB(k), CapDigitB(k), FloorDigitB(k), StrikeDigitB(k), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitB(k)(T)) means Min(CapB(k) ; Max(FloorB(k) ; 0)) 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.11.1.6 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; Coupon_AERA; OptionsNumber; Floor; Cap; 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Leverage; WeightDigitA; CapDigitA; FloorDigitA; 
StrikeDigitA; WeightDigitB; CapDigitB; FloorDigitB; StrikeDigitB. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.11.1.7 Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_DigitA; ReferenceFormula_DigitB 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the 
Family of "BasketPerformance") 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of 
"WorstLevel") 
 
3.11.2 Combined Digits and Digits 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.2, the following applies:  
 
3.11.2.0 Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- An Automatic Early Redemption Amount may be paid under this Product. 
 
o If an Automatic Early Redemption Event is deemed to have occurred, the

--- Page 380 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
380 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount equals a predetermined value. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Digits and Sum of the Digits 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage 
factor. 
 
3.11.2.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.2.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Applicable 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA(i) + Coupon_AERA(i) 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T) 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount(T) 
 
3.11.2.3 Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
If settlement by way of physical delivery is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will mention the definitions defined in Condition 1.3.2. 
 
3.11.2.4 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA; ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA; Coupon_AERA; 
Participation; Participation_AERA; AutocallBarrier 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.11.2.5 Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AERA; ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
3.11.3 Cumulative 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.3, the following applies: 
 
  
3.11.3.1  Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final Redemption Amount equal to the value of the Cumulative 
Option, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.11.3.2  Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.3.3  Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.3.4  Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 381 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
381 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Leverage x CumulativeProductFormula)) 
 
3.11.3.5  Specific Definition(s):  
 
CumulativeProductFormula means the [Product] [Sum], for k from 1 to UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)) 
 
UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), ReferenceFormula(k)) means the [Sum] [Product] of: 
1)    ConstantRedemptionLevel(k); and 
 
2)    The Sum of CallConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbCalls(k), of the Product of WeightCall(m, k) and Max(0 ; 
ReferenceFormula(k)(T) – StrikeCall(m, k)) ; and 
 
3)    The Sum of PutConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbPuts(k), of the Product of WeightPut(m, k) and Max(0 ; StrikePut(m, 
k) – ReferenceFormula(k)(T)) ; and 
 
4)    The Sum of DigitUpConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k), of the Product of WeightDigitUp(m, k) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is higher than [or equal to] StrikeDigitUp(m, k)) ; and 
 
5)    The Sum of DigitDownConstant(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k), of the Product of WeightDigitDown(m, k) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is lower than [or equal to] StrikeDigitDown(m, k)). 
 
Parameters(k) means the set of the following Variable Data: 
NbCalls(k); CallConstant(k); NbPuts(k); PutConstant(k); NbDigitsUp(k); DigitUpConstant(k); NbDigitsDown(k); DigitDownConstant(k); 
ConstantRedemptionLevel(k); WeightCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); StrikeCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); WeightPut(m, k) 
(m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); StrikePut(m, k) (m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); WeightDigitUp(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); StrikeDigitUp(m, 
k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); WeightDigitDown(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k)); StrikeDigitDown(m, k) (m from 1 to 
NbDigitsDown(k)). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt VariableData(k)(i) means in respect of the kth iteration, the VariableData as of date(i). 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.11.3.6  Variable Data: 
ProductNumber; Floor; Cap; Leverage; UnitVanillaNumber; ConstantRedemptionLevel; NbCalls; ConstantCall; NbPuts; ConstantPut; 
NbDigitsUp; ConstantDigitUp; NbDigitsDown; ConstantDigitDown; WeightCall; StrikeCall; WeightPut; StrikePut; WeightDigitUp; 
StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDown; StrikeDigitDown. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.11.3.7  Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula  
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.11.4 Dynamic Cumulative 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.4, the following applies: 
 
3.11.4.0 Product Description: 
 
- This Product does not pay any Structured Interest Amount. 
 
- There is no Automatic Early Redemption under this Product. 
 
- Unless previously redeemed, this Product pays on Maturity Date a Final 
Redemption Amount depending upon the value of the ReferenceFormula to which 
a strategy of exposure to Underlyings is applied. 
 
3.11.4.1 Structured Interest Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.4.2 Automatic Early Redemption Amount: Not Applicable 
 
3.11.4.3 Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 382 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
382 
Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemption + Max(Floor_1 ; Min(Cap ; Participation x 
Max(Floor_2 ; Leverage x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) - Strike))) 
 
3.11.4.4 Definition of DynamicBasketLevel (abbreviated as "DBL") 
 
DBL(i) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to T), the level of a Dynamic 
Basket comprising the RiskyComponent(s), SafeComponent and, if leverage is used, the 
LeverageComponent, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
DBL(i) = Max[0 ; DBL(i-1) x (Sum for k from 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k) x RCL(i,k) x (1 
– EC(k) x Act(i-1, i) / 360)) + Max((1-Sum for k form 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k))) ; 0) x 
SCL(i) / SCL(i-1) – Max(Sum for k from 1 to N (Exposure(i-1-DBLag,k)) – 1 ; 0) x LCL(i)/LC(i- 
1)) x (1 – FC(i) x Act(i-1, i) / 360)] 
 
With: 
 
DBL(0) = 100% 
 
RCL(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), in respect of an Underlying(k), 
RiskyComponentLevel(i,k); 
 
SCL(i) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), SafeComponentLevel(i); 
 
LCL(i) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LeverageComponentLevel(i); 
 
EC(k) means, in respect of an Underlying(k), the Fees and Costs charged to the 
RiskyComponentLevel(k) ; 
 
FC means the Fees and Costs charged to the LeverageComponentLevel ; and 
 
DBLag (for "DynamicBasketLag") means a number of Business Days, calendar days, 
calendar weeks or months used to take into account, if any, the dealing conditions of the 
Underlying(s) 
 
3.11.4.5 Definitions of Components 
 
RiskyComponentLevel: 
 
RiskyComponentLevel(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), in 
respect of any Underlying(k) (k from 1 to N), RiskyComponentLevel_Formula(i,k). 
 
SafeComponentLevel: 
 
SafeComponentLevel(i) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), the value 
of the Safe Component, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
- If no Underlying is specified in respect of the SafeComponent in the applicable Final 
Terms then: 
 
SCL(i) = SCL(i-1) x [1 + (FloatingRateSC(i-1) + SpreadSC(i-1)) x Act(i-1,i) / 360] 
and, 
SCL(0) = 100% 
 
- Otherwise, SafeComponentLevel_Formula(i) 
 
FloatingRateSC means the relevant floating part of the Safe Component rate of return, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
LeverageComponentLevel: 
 
LeverageComponentLevel(i) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), the 
value of the LeverageComponent, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
LCL(i) = LCL(i-1) x [1 + (FloatingRateLC(i-1) + SpreadLC(i-1)) x Act(i-1,i) / 360] 
 
and, 
 
LCL(0) = 100% 
 
FloatingRateLC means the relevant floating part of the Leverage Component rate of return, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 383 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
383 
 
Fees and costs charged to LeverageComponentLevel: 
 
FC(i) = ParticipationLeverageCost x FloatingRateLC(i) + ConstantLeverageCost 
 
ConstantLeverageCost means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
 
ParticipationLeverageCost means the multiplicative factor applied to FloatingRateLC in 
order to either increase or decrease the exposure of FC to FloatingRateLC. 
 
Exposure: 
 
Exposure(i,k) means in respect of each Valuation Date(i) (i from 0 to T), for each 
Underlying(k) (k from 1 to N), the exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the 
RiskyComponent(k). 
 
3.11.4.6 Variable Data: 
 
SpreadLC and SpreadSC. 
 
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 5.4 herein 
 
EC and FC. 
 
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 3.11.4.4 above. 
 
ParticipationLeverageCost; ConstantLeverageCost; FloatingRateSC; FloatingRateLC. 
 
These Variable Data are defined in Condition 3.11.4.5 above. 
 
3.11.4.7 ReferenceFormula(e): 
 
RiskyComponentLevel_Formula; SafeComponentLevel_Formula 
 
Among the ReferenceFormulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
 
RestrikeLevel or BasketRestrikeLevel (as defined in Condition 4.17 of the Family of 
"RestrikePerformance") 
 
3.11.4.8 Special Definition(s): 
 
Exposure(i,k) = Max(MinimumExposure(i,k) ; Min(MaximumExposure(i,k) ; 
ReferenceFormula_Exposure(i,k,p))) 
 
With: 
 
MinimumExposure(i,k) means, for each Valuation Date(i), for each Underlying(k), the 
percentage of minimum exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the RiskyComponent(k); 
 
MaximumExposure(i,k) means, for each Valuation Date(i), for each Underlying(k), the 
percentage of maximum exposure of the Dynamic Basket to the RiskyComponent(k); and 
 
ReferenceFormula_Exposure(i,k,p) means [the Sum] [the Product], for p from 1 to 
UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, p, r, Parameters(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, 
r), ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_DigitUp (k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r)) 
 
UnitVanilla(k, p, r, Parameters(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r), ReferenceFormula_DigitUp(k, p, r), 
ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r)) means the [Sum] [Product], for r from 1 to 
UnitVanillaNumber, of: 
 
(a) ConstantRedemptionLevel (k,p,r); and 
 
(b) The Sum of ConstantCall(k,p,r) and the Product of WeightCall(k, p, r) and Max(0 ; 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k, p, r)(i) –StrikeCall(k, p, r)) ; and 
 
(c) The Sum of ConstantPut(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightPut(k, p, r) and Max(0 ; 
StrikePut(k, p, r) – ReferenceFormula_Put(k, p, r)(i)) ; and

--- Page 384 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
384 
(d) The Sum of ConstantDigitUp(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightDigitUp(k, p, r) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula_DigitUp(k, p, r)(i) is higher than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitUp(k, p, r)) ; and 
 
(e) The Sum of ConstantDigitDown(k, p, r) and the Product of WeightDigitDown(k, p, 
r) and IND(ReferenceFormula_DigitDown(k, p, r)(i) is lower than [or equal to] 
StrikeDigitDown(k, p, r)). 
 
Parameters(k, p, r) means the set of the following Variable Data: 
 
NbCalls(k, p, r); ConstantCall (k, p, r); NbPuts(k, p, r); ConstantPut(k, p, r); NbDigitUp(k, p, 
r); ConstantDigitUp(k, p, r); NbDigitDown(k, p, r); ConstantDigitDown(k, p, r); 
ConstantRedemption(k, p, r); WeightCall(k, p, r); StrikeCall(k, p, r); WeightPut (k, p, r); 
StrikePut(k, p, r); WeightDigitUp(k, p, r); StrikeDigitUp(k, p, r); WeightDigitDown(k, p, r); 
StrikeDigitDown(k, p, r). 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions 
mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.11.4.9 Variable Data: 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel; Floor_1; Floor_2; Cap; Leverage; Participation; Strike; 
UnitVanillaNumber; NbCalls; ConstantCall; NbPuts; ConstantPut; NbDigitUp; 
ConstantDigitUp; NbDigitDown; ConstantDigitDown; WeightCall; StrikeCall; WeightPut; 
StrikePut; WeightDigitUp; StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDown; StrikeDigitDown. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
MinimumExposure and MaximumExposure. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.11.4.8 above. 
 
3.11.4.10 ReferenceFormula(e): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, the ReferenceFormula(e) applicable to the 
Product chosen among those mentioned in Condition 3.11.4.3 and 3.11.4.8 above. 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Exposure; ReferenceFormula_Call; 
ReferenceFormula_Put; ReferenceFormula_DigitUp; ReferenceFormula_DigitDown 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these 
Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (*) (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel" herein) 
MaxTimeLevel(*) or AverageTimeLevel(*) (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of 
"TimeLevel" herein) 
 
(*) Where: 
 
Level(T) means (DBL(T) / DBL(0)) , in order to determine an arbitrary ReferenceLevel of 
this Product. 
 
4. CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FAMILIES OF REFERENCE FORMULA(E) 
 
Set out below the list of Families of Reference Formula(e), each as described hereinafter. 
 
Reference of the Family 
Reference Formula(e) 
4.0 
Definition of S, SI and FXRate 
4.1 
Family of « SimpleLevel » 
4.2 
Family of « RankedLevel » 
4.3 
Family of « BasketLevel » 
4.4 
Family of « BasketPerformance » 
4.5 
Family of « BestLevel » 
4.6 
Family of « WorstLevel » 
4.7 
Family of « LargeLevel » 
4.8 
Family of « SmallLevel » 
4.9 
Family of « TimeLevel » 
4.10 
Family of « RankedTime » 
4.11 
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel »

--- Page 385 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
385 
4.12 
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
4.13 
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel » 
4.14 
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
4.15 
Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
4.16 
Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
4.17 
Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
4.18 
Family of « ModifiedPerformance » 
4.19 
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
4.20 
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
4.21 
Family of « RangeAccrualFormula(e) » 
4.22 
Family of « IntradayLevel » 
4.23 
Family of « VolatilityLevel » 
4.24 
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula » 
4.25 
Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
4.26 
Family of « InBetweenLevel » 
4.27 
Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
4.28 
Family of « EU Allowance »  
4.29 
Family of « Counter » 
 
The Reference Formulae of the Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below are used to determine or calculate either 
(i) a price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a Reference Price, (ii) a level of the price of one or several 
Underlying(s) which is called a Reference Level, (iii) a performance of the price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a 
Reference Performance and/or (iv) a fixing of one or several Reference Rate(s) and/or (v) a fixing of one or several foreign exchange 
rate(s).  
 
1) Price, Level or Performance 
 
In sections 4.1 to 4.29 below, (a) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the 
word "Price", such Reference Formula is used to determine a Reference Price, (b) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in 
a Family of Reference Formulae contains the word "Level", such Reference Formula is used to calculate a Reference Level, (c) when 
the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the word "Performance", such Reference 
Formula is used to calculate a Reference Performance and (d) when the denomination of the Reference Formula in a Family of 
Reference Formulae contains the word "Fixing", such Reference Formula is used to determine or calculate a Reference Fixing.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing in respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Level (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can also be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Performance and in that case 
its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word Price or Performance (an "Alternative 
Reference Formula"), (ii) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also 
be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Level and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word Price or Level (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case 
the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula.  
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.11 contains the following Reference Formula: WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product 
W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and is used to calculate a level of the Price of the Underlying. The same Reference Formula can also 
be used to determine a performance of the price of the Underlying and is then expressed in the applicable Final Terms as follows:  
 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
2) Cap, Floor, Leverage, Shift 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a 
Cap and contains the word "Capped", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) 
of one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the lower between 
(i) the Cap and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference 
Rate.  
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections  4.1 to 4.29 below uses a Floor 
and contains the word "Floored", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one 
more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the higher between (i) the Floor 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate(s).  
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections  4.1 to 4.29 below uses a Leverage 
and contains the word "Leverage", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of 
one more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the Product of the Leverage 
and the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate(s).

--- Page 386 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
386 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a 
Shift and contains the word "Shifted", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of 
one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the sum of (i) the Shift 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 
a) In respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses a Cap and contains the word "Capped" (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can also be used with a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall 
embed a Floor and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") and (ii) a Reference 
Formula the denomination of which uses a Floor and contains the word "Floored" (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also be used 
with a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its denomination will 
contain the word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed 
to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula;  
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.1 contains the following Reference Formula: CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) 
and Cap(i). 
 
A Floor shall appear in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product as follows: FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the 
Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
b) A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which does not contain a Cap or a Floor or 
a Leverage or a Shift (a "Base Reference Formula"), can be used (i) with a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of 
the relevant Product, it shall embed a Floor and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference 
Formula") or (ii) with a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its 
denomination will contain the word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") or (iii) with a Leverage and in that case in the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Leverage and its denomination will contain the word "Leverage" (an 
"Alternative Reference Formula") or (iv) with a Shift and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall 
embed a Shift and its denomination will contain the word "Shifted" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula and the 
impact of the addition of a Cap or a Floor or a Leverage shall be as described in 2) above. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.3 contains the following Reference Formula:  
 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k). 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Cap and then reads as follows:  
 
CappedBasketLevel(i,Cap) means the Minimum of Cap and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, 
of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3 
  
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and then reads as follows:  
 
FlooredBasketLevel(i,Floor) means the Maximum of Floor and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to 
N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Leverage and then reads as follows:  
 
LeverageBasketLevel(i,Leverage) means the Product of Leverage and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k 
from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
 
 
ShiftedBasketLevel(i,Shift) means the sum of Shift and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the 
Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
This Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and a Cap as follows:  
 
CappedFlooredBasketLevel(i, Cap, Floor) means the Minimum between (a) the Cap and (b) the Maximum between the Floor and 
the BasketLevel(i). 
 
3) Strike 
 
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which does not contain a Strike (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can be used with a Strike and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed 
a Strike and its denomination will contain the word "Strike" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In such case the Alternative

--- Page 387 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
387 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Strike shall replace the standard S(0) or S(0,k). 
 
Example:  
 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k), as defined in Condition 4.5. with Level(i,k) meaning S(i,k) / S(0,k) 
as defined in Condition 4.1 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Strike and then reads as follows:  
 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1),...,Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k,Strike(k)), as defined in Condition  4.5. with 
Level(i,k,Strike(k)) meaning S(i,k) / Strike(k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 
 
4) MaxTime, MinTime and other alternative features 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections  4.1 to 4.29 below contains the 
expression  
 
- "MaxTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running maximum (a) price, level or performance of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time;  
 
- "MinTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running minimum (a) price, level or performance of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
- "SumTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the sum of (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixings of foreign exchange rates, over a period of time; 
 
- "AverageTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the arithmetic average of (a) prices, levels or performances of one or 
more Underlyings or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixings of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
- "Weighted", such Reference Formula is used to determine a weighted (a) price, level or performance of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Ranked", such Reference Formula is used to determine a rank in (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixings of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Best", such Reference Formula is used to determine the best (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Worst", such Reference Formula is used to determine the worst (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Large", such Reference Formula is used to determine the largest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Small", such Reference Formula is used to determine the smallest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Average", such Reference Formula is used to determine the average (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of more than one 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 
(a) In respect of a Product, a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses either "MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", 
"AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or "Average" (each a "Feature") (a "Base Reference 
Formula"), can also be used with each other Feature and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product shall contain the relevant Feature (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
(b) Each "Feature" ("MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", "AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or 
"Average") can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 
4.1 to 4.29 below In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the relevant Feature 
(an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of 
the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.9 contains the following Reference Formula:  
 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i).

--- Page 388 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
388 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a "MaxTime" and then reads as follows: 
 
MaxTimeAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of AverageTimeLevel(i), as defined in Condition 4.9 
 
5) One / Several Underlyings 
 
Any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29  below for Products that have more than one 
Underlying and expressed as "Performance(i,k)" or "Level(i,k)" (a "Base Reference Formula") can also be used for Products that 
have one Underlying only and be expressed as "Performance(i)" or "Level(i)" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in 
each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base 
Reference Formula. 
 
In addition any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below for Products that have more than 
one Underlying can be used either on the whole basket of the N Underlyings or on a sub-basket of such whole basket. In this case, 
the prefix "Sub" will be add to the Reference Formula as described below. 
 
The prefix "Sub" can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in 
sections 4.1 to 4.29 below. In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the prefix 
"Sub" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be 
part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
 
By introducing the notion of "Sub", it becomes:  
 
SubAverageBasketLevel(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from SubN1 to SubN2, of Level(i, k). 
 
SubWorstPrice(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Minimum, for k from SubN1 to SubN2 of Price(i,k). 
 
6) Level, Performance of FX underlying 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Level or a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference 
Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below is applied to a foreign exchange rate underlying, the Level or Performance retained to calculate 
a Product Amount may be expressed in a standard version like in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below or, as the case may be, as follows: 
 
FXLevel(i) means 1/ (S(i) / S(0)), which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
FXPerformance(i) means (1 / (S(i) / S(0))) -100%, which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i)) -100% or FXPerformance(i) means 100% 
- (S(i) / S(0)) 
 
FXLevel(i,k) means 1/(S(i,k) / S(0,k)), which may also be written as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
FXPerformance(i,k) means ( 1 / (S(i,k) / S(0,k))) - 100%, which may also be written as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) -100% or FXPerformance(i,k) 
means 100% - (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) 
 
In the case of a basket of underlyings: 
 
FXBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - BasketLevel(i) 
 
FXAverageBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
In that case the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word "FX" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae 
as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.5 contains the following Reference Formula: BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
Performance(i,k). The same Reference Formula may be applied to FX underlyings and is then expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms as follows:  
 
BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(i,k)/ 
S(0,k)) 
 
Or: BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means (S(0,k)/ 
S(i,k)) -100%

--- Page 389 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
389 
7) Valuation Date and Schedule: 
 
Depending on the cases, a ReferenceFormula may be linked to Valuation Dates, Relevant Valuation Dates (abbreviated as "RVD") 
or Schedules ({Schedule(i)}) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Schedule means (i) any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant 
Valuation Date(s) or any other Date(s) enumerated in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) or any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) included in a period defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
a. Case of a Valuation Date  
 
When a Valuation Date (abbreviated as "VD") belonging to a schedule defined in the section of the definitions related to dates is 
necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows: 
 
ReferenceFormula(i) may also be written ReferenceFormula(VD(i)): 
 
- ReferenceFormula(VD(i)) refers to the considered Valuation Date(i) 
 Shifted 
 
Illustration 1: 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
By introducing the notion of Quarterly Valuation Date (abbreviated as "QVD"), it becomes:  
 
MaxTimeLevel(QVD(t)) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t,of Level(QVD(i)). 
 
Illustration 2: 
 
MinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
 
By introducing the notion of Daily Valuation Date (abbreviated as "DVD"): 
 
MinTimeLevel(DVD(i)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(DVD(i),k) 
 
b. Case of a Schedule  
 
When a Schedule is necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows: 
 
The Schedule may be indexed over time so as to switch from ReferenceFormula(i) to ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}):  
 
- ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}) refers to any Dates belonging to the considered Schedule(i). 
 
Illustration 1: 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
By introducing the notion of Schedule, it becomes:  
 
MaxTimeLevel({Schedule(i)}) means the Maximum, for any t belonging to Schedule(i), of Level(t). 
 
Illustration 2: 
 
AverageTimePerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of Performance(t). 
Becomes: 
 
AverageTimePerformance({Schedule(i)}) means the Arithmetic Average, for any t belonging to the Schedule(i), of Performance(t). 
 
8) FXRate 
 
Any Reference Formulae of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below may be modified by dividing and/or 
multiplying with the FXRate as follows: 
 
Reference Formulae [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
 
4. Definition of S, SI and FXRate  
 
S(i) or S(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i): 
 
If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt, an ETF, a Non Equity 
Security, a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, an ETP or a Future, the Closing Price or 
Opening Price as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s); and/or

--- Page 390 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
390 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity Reference Price as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes; and/or  
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Fixing as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes; and/or 
  
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a CDS Spread, the CDS Spread as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes; and/or  
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Portfolio, the Portfolio Level as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Portfolio Linked Notes; and/or  
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Dividend, the Dividend Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes. 
 
SI(i) or SI(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) and for an Underlying (respectively an Underlying(k)) which is a Share, an 
Index, a Depositary Receipt, a Dividend, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Commodity, an ETP,  a Non 
Equity Security or a Future, the Intraday Price as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant 
Underlying(s).  
 
FXRate or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i), the 
fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the 
Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes) as 
of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Notes) provided that if no Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Valuation Time is deemed to be the cut-off time 
commonly used by market participants for this Price Source. If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the Price Source at the Valuation Time, the fixing shall be 
the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Substitute 
Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes) at 
the Valuation Time, failing which if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute Price Source defined in 
the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available or (c) the fixing 
of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, then the fixing for the foreign 
exchange rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) will not be used 
to determine the Closing Price of an Underlying that is a Foreign Exchange Rate.  
 
 
 
4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel »  
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Price, the Level or the Performance of an Underlying. 
 
For Notes indexed on one Underlying:  
 
Price(i) means S(i) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
 
Performance(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) -100%. 
 
ReversePerformance(i) means 100% - (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
Level(i) means (S(i) / S(0)). 
 
ReverseLevel(i) means (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
Performance(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike) -100%. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0) -100%) x Leverage(i). 
 
Level(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike). 
 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage. 
 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage(i). 
 
DecrementLevel(i, Decrement) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Exp( - Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis) 
 
IncrementLevel(i, k,  Div) means IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x(1 - Div) ^(Act(0,i) / TimeBasis)  
 
IncrementPerformance(i, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0,  Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div)

--- Page 391 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
391 
^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 100% Where IncrementPerformance(0, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance 
 
IrrLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) / i 
 
IrrLevel(i, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i) / S(0) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]). 
 
CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
 
FlooredPerformance(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Performance(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
IrrPerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(0) - 100%) / i 
 
IrrPerformance(i, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i) / S(0) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]) - 100%. 
 
CappedPerformance(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
 
FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
DivYield(i) means POW((S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i)) 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying: 
 
Price(i,k) means S(i,k) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
 
Performance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) -100%. 
 
ReversePerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
Level(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)). 
 
ReverseLevel(i,k) means (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)) -100%. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) -100%) x Leverage(i). 
 
Level(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)). 
 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage. 
 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage(i). 
 
DecrementLevel(i, k, Decrement) means (S(i, k) / S(0, k)) x Exp( - Decrement x Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
 
IncrementLevel(i, k, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, k Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x(1 - Div) ^(Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
 
Where IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialLevel 
 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 
100%  
 
Where IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance. 
 
IrrLevel(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) / i 
 
IrrLevel(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]). 
 
IrrPerformance(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100%) / i  
 
IrrPerformance(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]) - 100%. 
 
FlooredLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
 
CappedLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k). 
 
FlooredPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Performance(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
 
CappedPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k).

--- Page 392 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
392 
DivYield(i,k) means POW((S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i,k)) 
 
For the Family of Barrier Products where a leverage is defined for the Final Redemption Formula, a specific LeveragePercentage will 
be defined in the applicable Final Terms and the Strike (or Barrier) will be defined as follows:  
 
If the Notes are indexed on one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier) = LeveragePercentage x S(i). 
 
If the Notes are indexed on more than one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier)= LeveragePercentage x S(i,k). 
 
4.2 Family of « RankedLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) used only for 
Products having several Underlyings sort Underlyings based on their respective Levels in respect of a Valuation Date. 
 
RankedLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Level of the Underlying having the k-th ranking within a Basket made of 
N Underlyings (sorted from the smallest to the largest Levels). For the avoidance of doubt, RankedLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
Level(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) Level(i,s). 
 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of RW(i,k) and RankedLevel(i,k).  
 
MaxTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)).  
 
MinTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
 
SumTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
 
AverageTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, 
RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)). 
 
4.3 Family of « BasketLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Level and the maximum or minimum Basket Level or the sum or running average of Basket Levels over a period of time. 
 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k). 
 
SumBasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
4.4 Family of « BasketPerformance »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Performance and the maximum or minimum Basket Performance or the sum or arithmetic average Performances of the Basket 
over a period of time. 
 
BasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Performance(i,k).

--- Page 393 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
393 
SumBasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k) 
 
BasketRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikePerformance(i,k). 
 
AverageBasketPerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k). 
 
AverageBasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
 
BasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and IncrementPerformance(i, k, 
Div). 
 
MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t1, 
t2) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average, 
for 
i 
from 
t1 
to 
t2, 
of 
AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
 
4.5 Family of « BestLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying, among several Underlyings, with the best Level (or the best 
Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
 
BestPrice(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Price(i,k). 
 
BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). 
 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, BestLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,N). 
 
BestPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
LeverageBestPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
 
LeverageBestLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
 
BestIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
 
MaxTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeBestLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBestLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBestLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeBestLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i).

--- Page 394 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
394 
4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying with the worst Level (or the worst Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the worst Level 
or the worst Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
 
WorstPerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k).  
 
WorstLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of, Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, WorstLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
WorstLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
LeverageWorstPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
 
LeverageWorstLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
 
WorstIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
 
MaxTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
4.7 Family of « LargeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying(s) with the highest Level(s) or Performance(s) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the highest Level 
or Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
 
LargeLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from N-m+1 to N, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, LargeLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,N) = BestLevel(i). 
 
AveragingLargeLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of LargeLevel(i,m) and m. 
 
AverageLargeLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from N-m+1 to N, of LargeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
MinTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
SumTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
AverageTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
4.8 Family of « SmallLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) with the smallest Level(s) (or Performance(s)) in respect of a 
Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
 
SmallLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from 1 to m, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, SmallLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,1) = WorstLevel(i). 
 
AveragingSmallLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of SmallLevel(i,m) and m.

--- Page 395 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
395 
 
AverageSmallLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to m, of SmallLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
MinTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
SumTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
AverageTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
4.9 Family of « TimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum Price, Level or Performance of an Underlying, the running sum or average of the Price, Level or Performance 
of an Underlying over a period of time. 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
FlooredMinTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between MinTimeLevel(i,k) and Floor(k). 
 
CappedMaxTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and Cap(k). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
FlooredMinTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between MinTimePerformance(i,k) and Floor(k).

--- Page 396 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
396 
CappedMaxTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between MaxTimePerformance(i,k) and Cap(k). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
MinTimePrice(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
SumTimePrice(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
MinTimePrice(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
SumTimePrice(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
4.10 Family of « RankedTime » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) sort, in respect 
of Products having several Underlyings, Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLevels, MinTimeLevels, SumTimeLevels or 
AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") in respect of 
a Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
 
RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLevel 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
MaxTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MaxTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MinTimeLevel 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
MinTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MinTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedSumTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective 
SumTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to 
N) SumTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) SumTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective 
AverageTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s 
from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s).

--- Page 397 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
397 
 
4.11 Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the weighted sum of the MaxTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.12 Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the weighted sum of the MinTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and MinTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.13 Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
weighted sum of the SumTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such SumTime Levels. 
 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and SumTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.14 Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
weighted sum of the AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such AverageTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and AverageTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.15 Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the worst RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime"). 
 
WorstMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1).

--- Page 398 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
398 
WorstMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
4.16 Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the best RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime"). 
 
BestMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
4.17 Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
Performances and Levels between two consecutive Valuation Dates. 
 
RestrikeLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))) 
 
NegativeRestrikeLevel(i) means RestrikeLevel(i, 1). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k), Cap(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))) 
 
BasketRestrikeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of RestrikeLevel(t). 
 
MaxTimeBasketRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of BasketRestrikeLevel(t). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%. 
 
RestrikePerformance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)) -100%. 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means RestrikePerformance(i, 0). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap).

--- Page 399 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
399 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
SumTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t) and 
(b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t 
from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)) and (b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)) and (b) 100%. 
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap) and (b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap) and (b) 100%. 
 
ProductTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of the 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(t) and (b) 100%. 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
MinTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Cap(1), 
..., 
Cap(i)) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Cap(1), 
..., 
Cap(i)) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Floor, 
Cap) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap). 
 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(i, Downside, Upside) means 100% + Upside x Max(0 ; S(i) / S(i-1) - 100%) - Downside x Min(0 ; S(i) / S(i-
1) - 100%). 
 
SmoothiePerformance(i, Downside, Upside) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(t, Downside, Upside) and (b) 100%. 
 
4.18 Family of « ModifiedPerformance »

--- Page 400 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
400 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference between a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)). 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k))) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) 
; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x Performance(i,k))). 
 
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) means: 
 
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) + Target(i) 
 
If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if i from t1 to t2, ModifiedTarget(t1, Target(t1), Threshold(t1-1), ReferenceFormula(t1-1)) means the initial 
value of ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) 
means: 
 
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = 
Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))) 
 
If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = 
Max(DownFloor(i) ; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))). 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))) 
 
If Level(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:,  
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Downside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))). 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means: 
 
If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))) 
 
If Level(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) ; 
Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))). 
 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 
1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means 
the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)).

--- Page 401 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
401 
CappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(i,k) and Cap(i,k). 
 
FlooredModifiedPerformance(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Performance(i,k) and Floor(i,k). 
 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)) 
 
If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i); Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)) is equal to ModifiedPerformance(i, k, 0%, 
Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
 
Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Floor(i) and Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of CappedModifiedPerformance(i, 
k, Cap(i)). 
 
LeveragedAverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Upside(i), Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)). 
 
AverageModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Modified 
Jade Performance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Coupon(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means:  
 
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:  
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Coupon(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) 
x ReferenceFormula(i,k)))  
 
If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:  
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Coupon(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Coupon(i) 
 
4.19 Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) freeze the 
Performances of Underlyings within a Basket, subject to the actual Performance of the Underlyings being above a threshold, before 
ejecting them from the Basket. 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
If for every t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Floor(i) and Performance(i,k) 
 
If for at least one t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) can be renamed, respectively, 
MemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and AverageMemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)), if relevant and appropriate. 
 
4.20 Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
overtime the locked-in levels of Underlying(s) having the best performance among the remaining Underlyings comprising the Basket.  
 
"M" means the number of Underlyings ejected from the Basket in respect of a Valuation Date.

--- Page 402 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
402 
 
EjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), EjectBasket(i-1,M) from which is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
BestPerformers(i,k). EjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
WorstEjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M) from which is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
WorstPerformers(i,k). WorstEjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
BestPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the best Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the EjectBasket(i-1,M).  
 
WorstPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the worst Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M).  
 
BestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,M) for the Underlyings comprising EjectBasket(i-1,M). 
 
WorstPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), SmallLevel(i,M) for the Underlyings comprising 
WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M). 
 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,N-Mxi) for the Underlyings comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M). 
 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersLevel(t,M).  
 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between (a) the Sum of 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
(b) 
N. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named HimalayaLevel(i,M).  
 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
HimalayaLevel(t,M). For the avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named 
EmeraldLevel(i,M).  
 
BestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to M of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of BestPerformers(i,M). 
 
FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to N-Mxi of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of the Underlyings comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M). 
 
SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between (a) the Sum of SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)) and FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and (b) N. For the 
avoidance of doubt, AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also 
be named ModifiedHimalayaLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in 
respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ModifiedHimalayaLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)). For the avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), 
Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also be named ModifiedEmeraldLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)). 
 
4.21 Family of « RangeAccrual »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
ratio between (i) the number of Valuation Dates for which a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries 
and (ii) the total number of Valuation Dates.  
 
4.21.1 RangeAccrual: 
 
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound)]  
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, UpperBound(i)], ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]  
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]  
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)]  
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), Range Knock-In Event(i)]

--- Page 403 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
403 
 
means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio [n(i) / N(i)] [n(i)- m / N(i)-m], 
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_ LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[a Range Knock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred]. 
 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without limitation): 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) BestLevel, 
BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined 
in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.21.2 DualRangeAccrual: 
 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2)] 
or  
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
or  
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1)]  
or  
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound_1(i), UpperBound_1(i), UpperBound2(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
or 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound_2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1, ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2)]  
 
means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio [n(i) / N(i)] [n(i)- m / N(i)-m],  
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which:  
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i)  [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) 
is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i)]  
or 
[ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i)  [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is 
lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower 
than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or

--- Page 404 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
404 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and is lower than [or equal to] 
UpperBound1(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and is lower 
than [or equal to] UpperBound2(i)] 
 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2 is/are (but without limitation): 
 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.21.3 BinaryRangeAccrual: 
 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)] 
or 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] means in respect of Schedule(i), a number equal to one (1) if n(i) is equal to N(i) and 
zero (0) otherwise,  
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which: 
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
 
Or 
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without limitation): 
 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.22 Family of « IntradayLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Intraday Price of an Underlying, the maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price of an Underlying, the Level (or Performance) 
of the Intraday Price or of such maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price. 
 
MinTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
MaxTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
MinTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
MaxTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100% 
 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100% 
 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100%

--- Page 405 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
405 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100% 
 
WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
WorstIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
 
WorstIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
 
WorstIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
 
4.23 Family of « VolatilityLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
historical volatility level of a given Underlying. 
 
AverageReturns(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of LN(RestrikeLevel(t)). 
 
HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of [LN(RestrikeLevel(t)) – DetrendFactor x 
AverageReturns(i)]^2. 
 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) x 
AnnualObservationsNumber / i]^(0.5). 
 
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel(t1, t2, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(t2, 
DetrendFactor) - HistoricalVarianceLevel(t1, DetrendFactor)) x AnnualObservationsNumber / (t2 – t1)]^(0.5). 
 
4.24 Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) combine two 
or several ReferenceFormula(e) (ReferenceFormula1, ReferenceFormula2,..., ReferenceFormulaN). 
 
Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Sum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Average(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Arithmetic 
Average of ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Average(i1, i2,…, 
iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Average(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula2(t). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) - ReferenceFormula2(t). 
 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i) and ReferenceFormula(t). It may also be 
written as ReferenceFormula(i) - ReferenceFormula(t). 
 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i1) x 
ReferenceFormula2(i2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
 
Product(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i).

--- Page 406 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
406 
Ratio(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i) and ReferenceFormula2(t). It 
may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) / ReferenceFormula2(t). 
 
Maximum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Maximum between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
It may also be written Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
MaxDifference(t1, t2, Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Maximum for t from i to t2 
of Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula). It may also be written as Max(i from t1 to t2)(t from i to t2) [Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)]. 
 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Minimum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Minimum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one underlying and a combination over time: 
 
Sum(i1, i2,…iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) ) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), … and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k).  
Sum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i,k) and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) - ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i,k) and ReferenceFormula(t,k). It may also 
be written as ReferenceFormula(i,k) - ReferenceFormula(t,k). 
 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k) x ReferenceFormula2(i2,k) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
 
Product(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Ratio(i, 
t, 
k, 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) 
means 
the 
Ratio 
of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) / ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the 
Maximum between ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Maximum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2 of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the 
Minimum between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Minimum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
AbsoluteValue(i, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Absolute Value of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
For Notes indexed on more than one Underlying and a combination over underlyings: 
 
Sum(i, k1,...,kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Sum(i, k1,..., kN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Sum(i, k1, k2, RefereenceFormula(i,k)) means the sum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Difference(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(t,k2)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) 
and ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) - ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
 
Product(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) x ReferenceFormula2(i,k2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
 
Product(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the product, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k).

--- Page 407 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
407 
Ratio(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) and 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) / ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
 
Maximum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Maximum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Maximum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
Maximum(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Minimum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Minimum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Minimum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
Minimum(i,k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
combinations of interest rate fixings 
 
Fixing(i) means S(i) in respect of an Underlying which is Reference Rate. 
 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference between Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the difference between Fixing(t2) 
and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the 
Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t2) and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Fixing(i,k) means S(i,k) in respect of an Underlying(k) which is Reference Rate. 
 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Fixing(i,k). 
 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeSpreadFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of SpreadFixing(i). 
 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Difference between Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or respectively the Difference between 
Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or 
respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
BestFixing(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
WorstFixing(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageFixing(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
BasketFixing(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Fixing(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the BasketFixing(i) 
 
MinTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
 
AverageTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
 
SpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference between BasketFixing(t1) and BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Difference 
between BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between BasketFixing(t1) and 
BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 408 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
408 
SpreadFixing(i) means in respect of Underlying(1) and Underlying(2) which are Reference Rate, the Difference between Fixing(i,1) 
and Fixing(i,2) (or respectively the Difference between Fixing(i,2) and Fixing(i,1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
ShiftedFixing(i, Shift) means the sum of Shift and Fixing(i)  
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) means: 
 
­    If Fixing(i,k) is equal to Threshold(i,k), then: 
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Coupon(i,k) 
 
­    If Fixing(i,k) is different from Threshold(i,k), then: 
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Coupon(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Weight(i,k) 
 
CapiReferenceLevel(i, Fixing, FixingBasis, Spread) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Product for t from 1 to i of [100% + 
(Fixing(t-1) + Spread(t-1)) x FixingBasis(t)]. 
 
4.26 Family of « InBetweenLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) with the Level(s) comprised between the smallest levels and the 
largest levels, in respect of a Valuation Date. 
 
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Sum, for k from m1 to m2, of RankedLevel(i,k).   
 
AveragingInBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Ratio of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) and (m2-m1+1). 
 
MaxTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel (i,m1,m2). 
 
MinTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
SumTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
AverageTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
4.27 Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference between a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
 
SumOfCalls(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means the Product of Weight(k) and Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; ReferenceFormula(k)(i) – Strike(k))) 
 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; 0)) 
 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), 
Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i))

--- Page 409 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
409 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(UpCap(k) ; Max(UpFloor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; 0)) 
 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), UpCap(k), 
UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
means Min(UpCap(k) ; Max(UpFloor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Coupon(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k)) means Min(DownCap(k) ; Max(DownFloor(k) 
; Coupon(k))) 
 
SumOfStrikedDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Weight(k) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means 0 
 
SumOfTimeDigits(t1,i) means the Sum, for t from t1 to i, of UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t),  Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Weight(t) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), Coupon(k), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Coupon(k). 
 
SumOfCallsAndDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the Product of UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), 
FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) and UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) 
 
Where:

--- Page 410 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
410 
UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) means the Product of WeightCall(k) 
and Min(CapCall(k) ; Max(FloorCall(k) ; ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i) – StrikeCall(k))) 
 
And: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; Weight(k))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; 0) 
 
4.28 Family of “EU Allowance”   
 
Spread Value(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) =  [S(i,k2) – S(i,k1)] / S(0,k1)  
 
FXSpread Value(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) = {[S(i,k2) – S(i,k1)] x FXRate(i,k1) + [FXRate(i,k2) - FXRate(i,k1)] x S(0,k2)} / 
[S(0,k1) x FXRate(0,k1)] 
 
Arbitrage Opportunity(i): (i from 0 to LastValuationDate) means in respect of the Interest Period(n) (n from 1 to 
NumberOfInterestPeriods) to which a Valuation Date(i) belongs: [S((n-1), k_FloatingRate)+ Spread] x [ ( Act(i9,i10) / Act(i11,i12) ) ] [ 
+ [SwapRate(n) + Spread] x DF(t) x [ ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) ) ] ] 
 
DF(t) means the discount factor calculated as exp( negative ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) ) x SwapRate(t)) 
 
exp(x) is the inverse function of ln(x) 
 
negative(x) means that x is a negative value 
 
SwapRate(n) (n from 1 to NumberOfInterestPeriods) in respect of an Interest Period(n) is determined as follows: 
 
Scenario 1: If the number resulting from the calculation ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) is equal to a Tenor(k) (k from 1 to 
NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered), then SwapRate(n) is the Reference Rate Fixing of the Risk-Free Reference Rate(k) which 
corresponds to that Tenor(k) 
 
Scenario 2:  If number resulting from the calculation ( Act(i13,i14) / Act(i15,i16) falls between a Tenor(k) (k from 1 to 
NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered) and the immediately succeeding Tenor(k+1), then SwapRate(n) is the result from applying a 
linear interpolation to the Reference Rate Fixings of the corresponding Risk-Free Reference Rate(k) and Risk-Free Reference 
Rate(k+1) 
 
Tenor(k) (k from 1 to NumberOfSwapRateTenorsOffered) is set out in the following table: 
 
k 
Tenor(k) 
Risk-Free Reference Rate(k) 
1 
[a day] [ 1/[360][365] ][other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t) 
corresponding to this tenor] 
2 
[a week] [ 7/[360][365] ] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
3 
[a month] [1/12] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
4 
[3 months] [¼][other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
5 
[6 months] [ ½ ] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
6 
[9 Months] [ ¾ ] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
7 
[a year] [1] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
8 
[2 years] [2] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
9 
[3 years] [3] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor] 
[...] 
N 
[N years] [N] [other tenor] 
The Reference Rate Fixing of the [insert SwapRate(t)
corresponding to this tenor]

--- Page 411 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
411 
 
4.29 Family of « Counter » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
number of Valuation Dates for which a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries or the number of 
Valuation Dates for which an event has occurred. 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), ReferenceFormula_Bound)] means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which 
ReferenceFormula_Bound(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Bound(i). 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerUpperBound)] means the number of 
Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is [higher] than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is [lower] than [or equal to] UpperBound(i). 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound) 
means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is [higher] than [or equal to] 
LowerBound(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is [lower] than [or equal to] UpperBound(i). 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), [European] [American] [Memory] [Target] [Range] Knock-In Event) means the number of 
Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which a[n] [European] [American] [Memory] [Target] [Range] Knock-In Event[(i)] has [not] 
occurred. 
 
5. GENERAL DEFINITIONS USED IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
5.1 Generic indices, enumeration, simplification and scenario conventions 
 
5.1.1 Generic indices convention used in Product Formulae definitions 
 
"i" or "t" or "t1" or "t2" means the reference to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or a date within a relevant 
Schedule. For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is not exhaustive. 
 
"k" or "s" means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket.  
 
"N" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket. 
 
"SubN" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant sub-basket defined as a part of the relevant Basket. SubN is 
strictly lower than N.  
 
"RVD(i)" (“Relevant Valuation Date” and with the abbreviate “RVD”) means, in respect of any date(i), the reference to a date (which 
may be different from date(i)) 
 
For illustration purposes, Valuation Date(i) may be, in respect of an Interest Payment Date(i), the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
 
"t0" (or "0") means the first Valuation Date or the first date of a relevant Schedule. 
 
"T" means the last Valuation Date or the last date of a relevant Schedule. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, or T-1 (resp. t+1,t1+1,t2+1, or T+1) means the Valuation Date immediately preceding 
(resp. following) i, t, t1, t2 or T. 
 
5.1.2 Enumeration convention 
 
Enumeration will be generally defined as follows:  
 
The dates within the Reference Formula are defined using the following enumeration "from 0 to t" and / or "from 1 to t" and / or "from 
t1 to t2". The ReferenceFormula listed below can be defined with any of such three enumerations, as the case may be to determine 
the Product Formula. 
 
Illustration 
 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i)" 
could be modified in:  
 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i)." 
 
"(i from t1 to t2)" means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2. 
 
"(k from 1 to N)" means any Underlying(k) within a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and including Underlying(N).

--- Page 412 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
412 
For the avoidance of doubt, lower and upper bounds of enumerations used in Product Formulae definitions can be modified notably 
(but not only) to take into account specificities of Schedules relating to Products. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product 
Formula can become (i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product. 
 
5.1.3 Simplification convention 
 
5.1.3.1    For ease of reading, certain conditions relating to Product Formula(e) as defined herein may be simplified as follows: 
 
Case 1: only one barrier condition is required  
 
For example in respect of the following conditions: 
 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
 
If the second condition "ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier" is not required, these conditions may 
be simplified as follows: "If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(T), then". 
 
Case 2: one of the barrier condition is redundant 
 
For example, in respect of the following conditions: 
 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
 
If "ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is equal to ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) and FinalBarrier is lower than or equal to 
AutocallBarrier(T)",is not required, these conditions may be simplified as follows:  
 
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then". 
 
Case 3: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference Formulae 
 
  
 
For example, in respect of the following Product Formula: 
 
"Product Formula(T) = ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(T) – Strike)" 
 
If ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA is equal to 90%, Participation is equal to 100% and Strike is equal to 10%, Product Formula may 
be simplified as follows: 
 
"Product Formula(T) = 80% + ReferenceFormula_Final(T)" 
 
where: 
 
80% = 90% - 10%  
 
5.1.3.2  EU Allowance  
 
For ease of reading, where the application of the formulae produces the same Product Amount in both scenarios, the Final 
Redemption Amount may be simplified as follows:  
 
Final Redemption Amount = Product Amount 
 
5.1.4 Scenario convention 
 
The convention described hereunder is applicable to all the different Scenarios described in Condition 3. 
 
A scenario is deemed to have occurred and therefore to pay an associated Product Formula according to the position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier and/or according to the occurrence of an knock-in event. The position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier can be "higher", "lower", "higher or equal to" or "lower or equal to". When the position of 
the relevant Reference Formula is described as being "higher" or "lower", it can be written as "strictly higher" or "strictly lower". 
 
5.2 Generic definitions 
 
Deliverable Asset (respectively Deliverable Asset(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) delivered 
when the clause "Physical Delivery Notes Provisions" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
"Deliverable Asset" shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5.17. 
 
Product Amount(s) means the amount(s) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 413 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
413 
 
Product Formula(e) means the formula(e) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Reference Formula(e) means the reference formula(e) relating to one Product or more than one Product, defined as such in the 
Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no currency is specified, the currency 
of the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes. 
 
Specified Denomination means the specified denomination of each Note specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) being used as underlying to 
the relevant Reference Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
section "Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes". 
 
 5.3 Schedules, dates and days 
 
Act(tj,ti) means the number of calendar days between Valuation Date(tj) (included) and Valuation Date(ti) (excluded) or such other 
period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Business Day means a business day as defined in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DayCountFraction means a convention for determining the basis of calculating the day count fraction or the Day Count Fraction 
convention as defined in the relevant General Terms and Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction convention, for a period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or the 
Issue Date if the Interest Commencement Date is not specified or any other date specified in the applicable Final Terms) and ending 
on (but excluding) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, as applicable. 
 
FixingBasis means the relevant day count convention expressed as a fraction X/Y (where the numerator X is a number of days 
between two dates "t-1" and "t" over which interest is earned and the denominator Y is the total number of days in the period measured) 
which defines the manner in which interest accrues over time, and in either case as selected from the relevant English Law or French 
law Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
HighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a HighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
Interest Payment Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
LowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a LowBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
Mat means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to which it is applied. For the avoidance of doubt, Mat may not be 
an integer. 
 
Maturity Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Memory Valuation Date means any date where the Memory Effect applies and is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Schedule(i) means the i-th Schedule defined in the applicable Final Terms as being either (A) a list of Valuation Dates or Relevant 
Valuation Dates or any other dates, or (B) all Valuation Dates or Relevant Valuation Dates or any other dates comprised within a 
period from and [including] [excluding] date t1 to and [including] [excluding] date t2. 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondHighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondLowBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
TimeBasis means 360 or 365 as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date ("RVD") or any other date each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, means in 
respect of one or more than one Underlying, the date defined as the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying(s).  
 
5.4 Variable Data 
 
When applicable, the following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable Final Terms. These Variable Data 
may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the ReferenceFormula considered or any value yielded by one or several mathematical 
operations which may imply one or several Reference Formula(e), and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.

--- Page 414 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
414 
In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only, any of the following Variable Data expressed as a percentage or as an amount can 
be defined as, respectively: 
 
A percentage (indicatively [insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [insert the percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer 
on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication] ; or 
 
An amount (indicatively [insert the amount in the relevant unit] subject to a minimum of [insert the amount in the relevant unit]) to be 
published by the Fiduciary on  http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication]. 
 
AF means an annualising factor that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
AnnualObservationNumber means the number of dates used to determine the historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket (e.g. 
252 or 260). 
 
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
AutocallBarrierLowerBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
Barrier[_1/2/3/4] or FinalBarrier or CouponBarrier or HighBarrier or LowBarrier or SecondHighBarrier or SecondLowBarrier or 
LowerBound[_1/2] or UpperBound[_1/2] or AutocallBarrier[_1/2] or AutocallBarrierUpperBound or AutocallBarrierLowerBound  means 
a barrier that, once reached, triggers an adjustment in the Product Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event.  
 
Bonus[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
CallParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Cap[_1/2/3/4] or FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FRA or 
Cap_FSP or Cap_Coupon means the Maximum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product 
Formula to which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is higher than the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap 
or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB), the component will be deemed equal to the Cap (resp. FinalCap or 
GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FRA or Cap_FSP or Cap_Coupon).  
 
CapCall refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigit refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigitA refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigitB refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
 
ConstantCall or ConstantDigitDown or ConstantDigitUp or ConstantPut means a constant number to be added to the Product 
Amount(s).  
 
Constant_InitialLevel means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Constant_InitialPerformance means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
ConstantDigitDown refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall". 
 
ConstantDigitUp refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall". 
 
ConstantPut refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall". 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
or 
ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_FRA[_1/2/3/4/5] 
or 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA[_1/2/3/4] means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "ConstantRedemptionLevel". 
 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_AERA[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "ConstantRedemptionLevel" 
 
ConstantVolatilityStrategy_0 means a constant amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Coupon[_1/2/3/4] or Coupon_AERA or Coupon_FRA means the fixed or conditional payment paid periodically or upon an Early 
Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Notes.  
 
Coupon_AERA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]".  
 
CouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .

--- Page 415 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
415 
 
Coupon_FRA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
DetrendFactor means an integer equal to 0 or 1 used to determine the historical volatility or variance of an Underlying or a Basket. 
 
Div means an amount, a percentage or a level 
 
DownCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
DownFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
  
Downside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) below the Threshold. This Variable Data can be 
an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Factor[_1/2] shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Participation. 
 
Fee means an amount, a percentage or a level.  
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
Factor_Fees or Factor_AdvisoryFees or Factor_DistributionFees or Factor_StructuringFees means a percentage or a rate 
deducted from the value of the Product. 
 
Factor_DistributionFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
Factor_StructuringFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
FixedRate means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
FinalBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
FinalBonus[_1/2] means a constant number, amount or level. 
 
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FinalParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" 
 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
FloorCall refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigit refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitB refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Floor[_1/2/3/4] or FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus[_1/2/3/4] or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or 
FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FRA or Floor_Coupon means the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can 
be reached by the component of a Product Formula to which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is lower than the 
Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or 
FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB), the component will be deemed equal to the Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or 
DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FRA or Floor_Coupon).  
GlobalCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
GlobalFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Floor_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
Floor_FRA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
HighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
HighBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] means the performance that, once reached, triggers [a European] [an American] [a Range] Knock-In 
Event. 
 
Lag means a number of dates.

--- Page 416 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
416 
 
Leverage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
Leverage_Cap means the maximum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
 
LeverageFactor refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LeveragePercentage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LockInBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LockInLevel, means a constant percentage. 
 
LockNumber means the number of events used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
 
LowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
LowBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LowerBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
NbCalls or NbPuts or NbDigitsDown or NbDigitUp or ProductNumber or UnitVanillaNumber or OptionsNumber means the number of 
components used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
 
NbDigitsDown refers to what is defined "NbCalls". 
 
NbDigitUp refers to what is defined for "NbCalls". 
 
NbPuts refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".   
 
Number of Days means the number of days to be observed to determine an event.  
 
OptionsNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls". 
 
Participation[_1/2/3/4] or FinalParticipation or CallParticipation or PutParticipation or LeveragePercentage or Leverage or 
LeverageFactor or Factor[_1/2] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order 
to either increase or decrease the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula. 
 
PF means an amount, a percentage or a level 
 
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice means the strike price of the relevant Underlying or the price derived from the relevant Underlyings to 
be considered for the determination of the number of Deliverable Assets to be delivered upon settlement by way of Physical Delivery 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
ProductNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".   
 
PutParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
RVP[_1/2] (or Realised Volatility Period) means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
RVP could be renamed RVP_1 or RVP_2 and will refer to what is defined for RVP[_1/2].  
 
SD (or Synthetic Decrement), means a level of synthetic decrement, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
. 
SecondHighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
SecondLowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
Shift means the level or percentage or amount to be added to the relevant Reference formula to which it applies. 
 
Spread means the percentage to be added to the relevant Fixing or reference rate.  
[In case of Non-exempt Offer  only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [Insert the 
percentage]%) to be published by the Fiduciary on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].] 
 
 
 
 
Strike[_1/2/3/4] or FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] or StrikeCall or StrikePut or StrikeDigit or StrikeDigitA or StrikeDigitB or StrikeDigitDown or 
StrikeDigitUp means the amount or level or performance of the relevant Underlying(s) that is (are) used to determine the reference 
purchase or selling price (resp. level performance) of the Underlying(s).

--- Page 417 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
417 
StrikeCall refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigit refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitA refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitB refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikePut refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
SumCoupons_t1 means a constant amount. 
 
TargetAmount means an amount used to determine the occurrence of a Target Knock-In Event. 
 
Target_Volatility means a target level of volatility, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Threshold means the threshold under or above which the participation to the level or performance of the Underlying(s) is adjusted.  
 
UnitVanillaNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls". 
 
UpCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
UpFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
UpperBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
Upside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) above the Threshold.  
 
 
W(i,k) or RW(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and Underlying(k), the weight (usually expressed in percentage) associated 
to the Underlying(k) comprised in the relevant Basket (for the avoidance of doubt, W(i,k) may be negative). 
 
Weight[_1/2/…/N] or WeightCall or WeightDigit or WeightDigitA or WeightDigitB or WeightDigitDown or WeightDigitUp or WeightPut 
means the weight, usually expressed in percentage, associated to the components used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
 
WeightCall refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigit refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitA refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitB refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightPut refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
Weight_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
 
Cap_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]"  
 
Cap_FRA refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .  
 
CouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .  
 
Coupon_AERA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]".  
 
Coupon_FRA refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]".  
 
Floor_Coupon refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
 
Floor_FRA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
 
SumCoupons_t1 means a constant amount.

--- Page 418 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
418 
 
TargetAmount means an amount used to determine the occurrence of a Target Knock-In Event.  
 
6. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS 
 
+ 
means that the item preceding this sign is added to the item following 
this sign. 
- 
means that the item following this sign is deducted from the item 
preceding this sign. 
/ 
means that the item preceding this sign is divided by the item 
following this sign. 
x or * 
means that the item preceding this sign will be multiplied by the item 
following this sign. 
> 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when used in a 
condition, must be, strictly higher than an item Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" means that X must be strictly higher than Y for 
such condition to be met). 
< 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when used in a 
condition, must be, strictly lower than an item Y following this sign 
(E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" means that X must be strictly lower than Y for 
such condition to be met). 
or >= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when used in a 
condition, must be, equal to or higher than an item Y following this 
sign  
(E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or higher than 
Y for such condition to be met).  
 or <= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when used in a 
condition, must be, equal to or lower than an item Y following this sign  
(E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" means that X must be equal to or lower than 
Y for the condition to be met). 
i from X to Y 
means that within the countable list of the designated item to which i 
applies (as defined above), only the items with a rank between X and 
Y both included (X and Y are integer numbers) are considered.  
For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, t, x, y or z, 
being clarified that this list is not exhaustive. 
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 by extension the item ranked i0 is excluded from 
the above list. 
Min(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the lowest level between the levels 
of the two numbers X and Y. 
Min or min or MIN or Minimum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the lowest level that the item 
will take 
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means the lowest 
level among the 10 levels that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes 
 
Max(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the highest level between the 
levels of the two numbers X and Y. 
Max or max or MAX or Maximum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the highest level that the item 
will take 
E.g. Max (n from 1 to 10) ReferenceFormulae(n) means the highest 
level among the 10 levels that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes 
  or Sum (n from 1 to X) or Sum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the sum of the X levels that 
the item will take. 
Sum of a and b means a + b. 
E.g.: 
 ReferenceFormulae(n) means the Sum of the 10 levels 
that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes when n varies from 1 to 10.

--- Page 419 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
419 
 
or Average(n from 1 to X) or Arithmetic 
Average 
 
E.g.: 
 ReferenceFormulae(n) means the Arithmetic 
Average of the 10 levels that ReferenceFormulae(n) takes. 
 
 
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute Value of X 
means the maximum between X and -X.  
Xn or X^n 
means that the level to be considered is the result of X multiplied by 
itself "n-1" times  
(E.g.: 25 means 2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 multiplied by itself 4 times) = 32). 
a power b or POW(a,b) or a^b 
means the exponential function of b with base a. 
EXP(x) or Exp(x) or 
 
means the exponential function of x with base e. 
√X or the square root of X 
means that the level to be considered is the number which when 
multiplied by itself gives X  
(E.g.: √9 = 3 since 3*3 = 9.) 
 or Product 
 
 
means, for the item to which it applies, the product of the x levels that 
the item will take. 
Product of a and b means a x b. 
E.g.: 
 means (1+1)(2+1)(3+1) = 2 × 3 × 4 = 24 
LN(x) = Ln(x) = ln(x) 
means logarithm to the base e of x, for example LN(2) = 0.69315. 
INT(x) 
means the function which gives the integer part of the number x 
(rounded down to the closest integer number).  
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, INT(1.6) = 1, INT(-1.4) = -2, INT(-4.6) = -5. 
IND(condition) 
means the characteristic function of the condition which is equal to 1 
if the condition is satisfied and which is equal to 0 if the condition is 
not satisfied. 
E.g.: 
S(0): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(0) 
S(1): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation Date(1) 
if S(0) > S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 1 
if S(0) = S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
if S(0) < S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
Ratio 
Ratio between a and b means a / b 
Difference 
Difference between a and b means a – b 
Sign(a) 
means 1 if a ≥ 0 and (-1) if a < 0

--- Page 420 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
420 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED NOTES  
 
The following Additional Terms and Conditions relating to a particular Type of Structured Notes (the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes) shall form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and shall apply to any Type of Structured 
Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms which may be Share Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, SGI Index Linked Notes, 
Depositary Receipt Linked Notes, Dividend Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, ETP Linked Notes, Reference Rate Linked Notes, 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, 
Non Equity Security Linked Notes, Future Linked Notes, Portfolio Linked Notes or Preference Share Linked Notes or Warrant Linked 
Notes, or a combination of these types of Notes (the Structured Notes).  
 
In addition to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, the Structured Notes may also be subject to the additional 
terms and conditions relating to Underlyings and which are the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and 
Depositary Receipts Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for SGI Index Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes,  the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes, the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes and the Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked 
Notes (the "Underlying related ATCs"). These Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, the Underlying related ATCs, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, are together referred to as the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
In the case of any conflict between the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes and the Underlying 
related ATCs mentioned above, the provisions of the Underlying related ATCs shall prevail.  
 
The payment of any amount in respect of a Type of Structured Notes subject to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes may be determined or calculated by reference to one or more than one Product Formula (such Product Formula as described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae), based on or referring to one or more than one Underlying or referring 
to one or more than one credit event or bond event if a Reference of the Product (such Reference of the Product as described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) is specified for this Type of Structured Notes in the applicable Final Terms.  
Some of the provisions in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes may not apply (or may not apply to the same 
extent) in respect of Certificates and/or Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market or a multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as specified below.  
 
Any reference to Condition or General Condition of the General Terms and Conditions shall mean any general terms and conditions 
set out in "Part 1 – General Provisions" of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes:  
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the same meaning as in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae.  
 
Underlying shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT  
 
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that "EU Benchmarks Regulation - Benchmark" is applicable.  
 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark Event affecting an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) on or after the Issue Date the Calculation Agent may:  
 
(A) adjust the Affected Underlying as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without 
limitation, such adjustments may include selecting a successor Underlying which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector, and making any other change or adjustment to the terms of the Structured Notes including where applicable to 
reflect any increased costs of the Fiduciary providing such exposure to the successor Underlying and, in the case of more than one 
successor Underlying, making provision for allocation of exposure between the successor Underlyings; or  
 
(B) If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance with A above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, 
may either:  
 
(i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). In that case, 
the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Structured Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount 
based on the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions 9; or  
 
(ii) apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date (as defined in General Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions)  
 
9 Subparagraph A shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Exchange(Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).

--- Page 421 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
421 
 
Where:  
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Notes.  
 
Benchmark means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in EU BMR and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Structured Notes, or the value of the Structured Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Benchmark Event means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has occurred or will occur:  
 
(i) a Benchmark Cessation;  
 
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or  
 
(iii) a Benchmark which is a Reference Rate as defined in General Condition 4 of the General Terms and Conditions is, with respect 
to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide development 
(which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the "Risk-Free Rate 
Event Date"), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the recommendations in the 
Financial Stability Board’s paper titled "Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks" dated 22 July 2014.  
 
EU BMR means the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011).  
 
Benchmark Cessation means, for a Benchmark, any of the following has occurred or will occur:  
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;  
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark;  
 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark announcing 
that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Benchmark is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness 
will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or publication will engage certain contractual triggers 
for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor (howsoever described) in contracts; or  
 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an index cessation event (regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the 
definition of the Benchmark) in relation to which a Priority Fallback (as defined in General Condition 4 of the General Terms and 
Conditions) is specified. 
  
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
also constitutes a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Notes. In the event that under 
any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence the subject of a Benchmark Event, the 
Fiduciary shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.  
 
3. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INSOLVENCY FILING 
AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
The following Conditions will not apply to Structured Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, 
ETP Linked Notes or Portfolio Linked Notes but shall apply to any other Structured Notes. 
 
The occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events relating to an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) and/or Reference Entity(ies) (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)) on or after the Issue Date shall 
constitute an Extraordinary Event:

--- Page 422 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
422 
3.1 Change in Law means in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies), that, on 
or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date, (b) the trade date of any Hedge Position, and (c) the first Valuation Date of the Structured 
Notes (if applicable) (i) due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any law 
or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements and, with respect to SGI Index Linked Notes only, any regulation, rule 
or procedure of any Exchange on which any Index Component or any component thereof is traded) (the Applicable Law and 
Regulation) or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) in respect of Underlyings or Reference Entities 
negotiated or located in AEJ Closed Markets, it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, within the next 30 calendar days, 
but before the Maturity Date of the Structured Note, become, or it has become illegal and (ii) in respect of any other Underlying, it has 
become illegal, for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to maintain the agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates by the issuer of the Notes relating to the Underlying of the Structured Notes and/or Reference Entity(ies).  
 
Where:  
 
AEJ Closed Markets means People’s Republic of China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, 
Vietnam. 
 
3.2 Hedging Disruption means, unless it being specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Structured 
Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind and/or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, 
the bond price risk, credit price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, warrant 
price risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Structured Notes or any agreement entered into by the 
Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Notes; or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, 
repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Notes (either between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the 
Affected Jurisdiction) or, as the case may be, from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts situated outside of the 
Affected Jurisdiction).  
 
3.3 Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless it being specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Structured Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, the bond price risk, credit price risk, 
currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, warrant price risk) of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Structured Notes or any agreement entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates in relation to the Structured Notes or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any 
Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Fiduciary with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the 
Structured Notes.  
 
3.4 Holding Limit Event means, except in the case of Repack Notes, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale and/or 
any of its affiliates, that Societe Generale together with its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Underlying or 
Underlying component, as the case may be, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power 
to vote a percentage of any class of voting securities of the Underlying, or the Underlying component or, of the issuer of such 
Underlying or such Underlying component, in excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by Societe Generale, for 
the purpose of its compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Volcker Rule), including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by 
the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, such statutes.  
 
3.5 In respect of any Underlying that is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, a Dividend, a Preference Share or a Warrant, Insolvency 
Filing means, in respect of Structured Notes that have one or more Underlying(s) that the Company institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.  
 
In the case of occurrence of an Extraordinary Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent may:  
 
(A) replace the Affected Underlying by a new Underlying or the Affected Reference Entity by a new reference entity, as the case may 
be, which is representative of the same economic or geographic sector; or  
 
(B) in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only, deduct:  
 
(1) from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Structured Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of 
the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the 
payment obligation of the Fiduciary under the Structured Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding

--- Page 423 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
423 
Structured Notes (the Reduction Amount); provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall 
be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Structured Note is higher than such Interest Amount 
due under one Structured Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount 
shall be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the 
Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if 
any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under 
the Structured Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever 
comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or  
 
(2) in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Structured Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Structured Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if 
any), whichever comes first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of the Structured Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity 
Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being 
floored at zero) 10 ; or 
  
(3) in the case of Structured Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes, any Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated in connection 
with the Structured Notes shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero).  
 
If the Calculation Agent has not made a replacement in accordance with (A) above (or a deduction in accordance with (B) above in 
the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only), then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either:  
 
(A) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Structured Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). 
In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Structured Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early 
Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in General Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions11 ; 
or  
 
(B) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in General Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
4. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE LINKED NOTES, DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED NOTES, SGI INDEX LINKED 
NOTES AND INDEX LINKED NOTES  
 
For the purposes of this paragraph of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes and for the purposes of the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the following Conditions, the term 
"Underlying" shall be construed as referring to a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or a SGI Index and/or an Index (each as 
defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions).  
 
4.1 DEFINITIONS  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, Hedge Positions that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would 
consider necessary to hedge the Structured Notes at that time.  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below).  
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Underlying (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Underlying 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Company means, in respect of an Underlying that is a Share or a Depositary Receipt the issuer of such Share or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) in which 
an equivalent proprietary unit is held.  
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
 
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
  
(c) in the case of an Underlying being a SGI Index, a SGI Market Disruption Event has occurred; or  
 
(d) in the case of an Underlying being an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index; or  
 
 
10 Subparagraph D shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).  
11 Subparagraph A shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).

--- Page 424 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
424 
(e) in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during 
its regular order-routing session.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day will be deemed to have 
occurred if it has occurred with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt.  
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited 
Securities underlying an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such 
Deposited Securities.  
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the Underlying is an Index, on which the Index 
Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a 
China Connect Business Day.  
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located.  
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of an Underlying, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties 
thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical 
Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income 
of the Hypothetical Investor.  
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an 
Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, 
a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, a China 
Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof:  
 
(A) Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange;  
 
(B) Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
(a) the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related 
Exchange;  
 
(C) Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on 
the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) any Related 
Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day;  
 
(D) China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service;  
 
(E) China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day.  
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, the related Deposited Securities) 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures and options contracts relating to such Underlying (or such Deposited Securities), any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an Underlying (or 
such Deposited Securities) has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying (or such Deposited Securities) on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange).

--- Page 425 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
425 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation 
of the issuer of any component security.  
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Underlying and in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, (or in respect of 
Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
(or Related Exchange or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), without regard to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
 
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the Underlying is an Index, 
on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index or (b) where the Underlying is a Share traded 
through the China Connect Services, on which the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular 
order-routing sessions.  
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the 
issuer of a component security  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day).  
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange, unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below.  
 
4.2 CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, the Calculation Agent shall determine to apply any of the following 
methods : 
 
     (1)  determine that the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Underlying shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Underlying, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case:  
 
(A) that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Underlying notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day,  
 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed 
the Closing Price. In case the Underlying is an Index (or a SGI Index), such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be made in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of that Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) (or if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day);  
 
Provided that if the Underlying is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Underlying affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Underlying not affected by a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date.  
 
Provided however that,  
 
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price;  
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Notes on 
the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as 
the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be 
made under the Structured Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the 
determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate 
of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,

--- Page 426 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
426 
 
   (2)  postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the Maturity Date) until 
the fourth Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be 
paid by the Fiduciary in respect of such postponement. 
 
Further provided however that:  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant clearing system through which the Structured Notes are cleared and settled, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 427 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
427 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED NOTES AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes apply if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Share Linked Notes”  or "Depositary 
Receipts Linked Notes" . 
  
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) representing shares issued by 
a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Closing Price means: 
 
(a)    if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of such Share for the 
day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the Exchange 
(tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
 
(b)    if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means the price as 
published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the markets 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
 
(c)    if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
 
(d)    in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Company has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
Depositary means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time in such capacity. 
 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company that has issued the 
shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt was issued. 
 
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts (including an ADR and/or a 
GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement pursuant to 
which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 428 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
428 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
GDR means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) representing shares issued by a 
Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
Intraday Price means the price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Opening Price means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the  Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including, without limitation, a common unit in a limited partnership), of 
the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes .. 
  
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
3. ADJUSTMENT EVENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS  -  CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, 
INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES - CHINA CONNECT SHARE 
DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1 Adjustment Events and extraordinary events 
 
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the following:  
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or 
Deposited Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned

--- Page 429 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
429 
(directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
C.    an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D.    a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
 
E.    a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F.    an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G.    any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares or the Depositary Receipt. 
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect:  
 
(i)    on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements 
relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of 
the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes and 
(b) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
 
(ii)    on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an event that has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent 
that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of 
the Deposited Securities that are represented by each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be 
affected by any such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. 
If the Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt 
or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may make the 
necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Underlying used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes 
and/or any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Depositary 
may also have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the Depositary Receipts for share 
distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. Upon any such adjustment 
by the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to account 
for such event.  
 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or on the 
Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such 
Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requirement, adjustment 
and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event.  
 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such 
Related Exchange.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in 
which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed 
is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
 
3.1.2 Extraordinary events and consequences 
 
A.    Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging 
Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an 
Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as applicable (an Affected 
Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may

--- Page 430 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
430 
decide in good faith to apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt as the case 
may be. 
 
B.    If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period with respect to the Affected Share 
or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
 
(a)    in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the 
case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, shall apply, in relation to Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-
Combined, either: 
 
    (x)    Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or  
 
    (y)    Method of Substitution 
 
(b)    in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the Calculation Agent will 
either: 
 
   (x)    continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain the original number 
of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) will be elected and included in the 
Basket;  
 
   (y)    substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipt selected as 
described in the Method of Substitution; 
 
(c)    in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth 
Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either: 
 
    (x)    replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or depositary receipts of the successor 
companies;  
 
    (y)    substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to the Method of 
Substitution;  
 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of companies in the Basket 
and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with 
several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a 
sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
 
(d)    in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
 
(e)    in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
 
         (x)    that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant to the Method of Substitution;  
 
         (y)    that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or whether a condition 
has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such 
Insolvency until the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the 
liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation;  
 
(f) In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent has not retained as the case may be, (x) or if 
in (y) no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
        (x)    apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
        (y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes . In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the relevant Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events 
described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above,  an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of 
the General Terms and Conditions . 
 
C.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder. 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Calculation Agent Adjustment means, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), the Calculation Agent 
shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Note as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Note of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will be made to

--- Page 431 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
431 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary Receipt 
or to the Note), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event (or 
such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts traded on 
such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt  (or Deposited 
Securities related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing 
compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained 
in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or 
the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt)).  
 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such Share or Depositary 
Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
 
Early Redemption means that there will be an early redemption of the Notes on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no later than 90 Business 
Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency during which: 
 
A.    Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected or Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or 
the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of the relevant assets traded 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
 
B.    the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares accordingly 
during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute 
Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as 
observed during such Fixing Period. 
 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon which holders of the necessary number of the 
relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or 
controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or 
Deposited Securities. 
 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
 
A.    any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of currency reference of the Share or 
the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited Security 
outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
B.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities): 
 
C.    other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities 
owned or controlled by the offeror); or 
 
D.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the 
outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or 
Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing Event, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new 
share or a new depositary receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt

--- Page 432 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
432 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case of Combined Consideration into 
New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the 
cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) 
and (b) above. 
 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to 
take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the company 
issuing such Substituted Share or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities will be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Notes. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a recognised 
exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, the De-listing Event, the 
De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the 
De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date, the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror or a third party). 
 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New Shares. 
 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares 
of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on which voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
3.1.3 Stop-Loss Event   
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if on any Exchange Business Day between 
the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is 
affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a new share or depositary 
receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or 
the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) and will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor decided to continue with 
the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date" of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 433 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
433 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it 
is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
3.1.4 Correction of the Closing Price  
 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by 
the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date  (or any payment date(s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction,  
 
provided however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences - China Connect Share Disqualification, China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
3.2.1 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing have the meanings 
given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency 
Filing relating to a Share or a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
3.2.2 China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary,  
 
then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China Connect Share Disqualification or China 
Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days' notice 
specifying the date of such termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early Redemption.  
 
3.3. ESG Downgrading Event 
 
If ESG Downgrading Event is specified as “Applicable” in the Final Terms, upon the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the ESG Determination Agent may decide either :  
 
(i) 
To replace the Affected Share by a new share (the “New Share”) issued by a Company whose [(i)] ESG Metric by the relevant 
ESG Rating Agency is at least equal to the Minimum ESG Metric Level [and (ii) meets one or more of the ESG Criteria, in each case] 
as specified in the Final Terms; and in that case the substitution of the Affected Share by the New Share shall be made, inter alia, on 
the basis of the price at which the Affected Share can be sold and the New Share can be bought by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Exchange as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence  of the ESG Downgrading Event and the determination 
by the ESG Determination Agent. The Calculation Agent may then make the necessary adjustment to the terms of the Notes used to 
determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to 
reflect such substitution and preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes (subject to any Local 
Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment ; 
 
(ii) 
To apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date “ of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
(iii) 
To consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the ESG Downgrading Event an

--- Page 434 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Notes and Depositary Receipts Linked Notes  
 
434 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
(iv) 
To keep the terms of the Notes unchanged (and in particular keep the Affected Share within the Underlying(s) of the Notes). 
As a consequence, the Affected Share will not be subject to ESG Downgrading Event until the maturity of the Notes. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event and of the decision of the ESG 
Determination Agent pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Upon the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event, the ESG Determination Agent shall determine an Alternative ESG Metric. The 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders of the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event and of the Alternative ESG Metric and 
Minimum ESG Metric Level pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Where: 
 
“Alternative ESG Metric” means the ESG Metric selected in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the ESG 
Determination Agent, in case of occurrence of an ESG Metric Event. An Alternative ESG Metric shall be deemed the ESG Metric. 
 
“ESG Criteria” means : 
(a)  the Company of the New Share is incorporated in the same country or geographical area as the Company of the Affected Share, 
(b)  the Company of the New Share operates in the same economic sector as the Company of the Affected Share,  
(c)  the New Share is denominated in the same currency as the Affected Share. 
 
“ESG Determination Agent” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
“ESG Downgrading Event” means that at the latest X days/weeks/months prior to the Maturity Date,  the ESG Rating assigned by 
an ESG Rating Agency to a Company, the Share of which is used as Underlying, including as part of a Basket (the “Affected Share”), 
is withdrawn or reduced below the Minimum ESG Metric Level.  
 
“ESG Metric” means the level of the metric assigned by an ESG Rating Agency to a company measuring its exposure to long-term 
environmental, social, and governance risks, involving issues such as but not limited to energy efficiency, worker safety, and board 
independence and specified in the Final Terms. If an ESG Metric is:  
 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant ESG Rating Agency, but is calculated and announced by a relevant successor ESG 
rating agency (the Successor ESG Rating Agency) acceptable to the ESG Determination Agent; or  
(b) replaced by a successor index (the Successor ESG Metric) using, in the determination of the ESG Determination Agent, the same 
or a substantially similar formula for, and method of, determining an ESG metric as used in the determination of the ESG Metric;  
then the ESG Metric will be deemed to be the ESG metric so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor EGS Rating 
Agency or that Successor ESG Metric (as the case may be). 
 
“ESG Metric Event” means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent,  X days/weeks/months prior to the Maturity Date, (i) 
the relevant ESG Rating Agency (or if applicable the Successor ESG Rating Agency) makes a material change in the formula for or 
the method of assigning the ESG Metric or in any other way materially modifies that ESG Metric or (ii) a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of the ESG Rating Agency announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ESG Metric 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no Successor ESG Rating Agency , that 
will continue to provide the ESG Metric. 
 
“ESG Rating Agency” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms, or the Successor Rating Agency which shall be deemed 
the ESG Rating Agency. 
 
“Minimum ESG Metric Level” means the minimum ESG Metric Level specified in the Final Terms that must be assigned by the ESG 
Rating Agency specified in the Final Terms to the company selected by the ESG Determination Agent so that its share can replace a 
Share whose Company is affected by an ESG Downgrading Event, as Underlying, including as part of a Basket.

--- Page 435 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes 
 
 
435 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Index Linked Notes" .  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below, or (if applicable) the Daily Settlement Price. 
 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant future is computed by the Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the 
Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period.  
 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of an Index and for a day that falls on the last day of quotation of the principal futures 
contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, the official settlement price of the principal futures contract on the Index on 
such day, determined under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date 
of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding 
the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another nondiscretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
Index means the index (or the indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below.

--- Page 436 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes 
 
 
436 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that: (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or 
(b) announces (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Opening Price means:  
 
(i)    in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as defined under the Rules 
of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, 
and calculated following the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;  
 
(ii)    in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted 
(if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason whatsoever, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available. 
 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
3. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS - CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF 
HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1 Adjustments and Events  
 
3.1.1 Adjustments 
 
A.    If an Index is: 
 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may be, but is calculated 
and announced by a relevant successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor calculation agent (the Successor 
Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(b) replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index Sponsor or Successor 
Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
 
B.    If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 437 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes 
 
 
437 
 
(a) on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) 
makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities 
and capitalisation and other routine events (an Index Modification). For the avoidance of doubt, the following events do not constitute 
"routine events": a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other 
event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
 
(b) on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may be, fails to calculate and publish 
the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in 
connection with the Notes (an Index Disruption);  
 
(c) the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an Index Cancellation and together with an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event); or 
 
(d) for an Index which comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(x) calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange);  
 
(y) replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as 
the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD 
countries; or 
 
(z) only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the Index with a Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute Index 
means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected Index or, in the absence of 
benchmark for the affected Index, as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected Index. 
 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) or (z) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the 
Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(i) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, 
as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
3.1.2 Stop-Loss Event  
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if on an Exchange Business Day after the initial 
Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease of 80 
per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
 
A. the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one 
or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
 
B. the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
 
C. if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue with the Affected Index, the Calculation 
Agent may either: 
 
(a) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b) consider such event as an event triggering an Early Redemption Event. Where Stop-Loss Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the 
Stop-Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions.  
 
3.1.3 Correction of the Closing Price

--- Page 438 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes 
 
 
438 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by 
the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date  (or 
any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a 
result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meaning given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an 
Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 439 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
439 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "Type of Structured Notes" is "SGI Index Linked Notes". 
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
Advised SGI Index means an SGI Index for which the Index Rules indicate an Index Advisor, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an SGI Index, each date so specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below. 
 
Barrier Date means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred by reference to the level of an SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component “type” is 
“Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, and which includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) or (2) each date where an American 
Knock-In Event can occur, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as both a 
Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
if a Barrier Date falls on a date which is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of all SGI Indices which Index Rules specify that the 
only Basket Component “type” is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, it shall be postponed to the next following day 
which is a Scheduled Trading Day with respect to all such SGI Indices. 
 
Barrier Level means (i) the level, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or where none is so specified (ii) the “Knock-
In Threshold” if any, designated in the applicable Final Terms, or where no such level or threshold is designated (iii) the level at which 
an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Basket Component means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Index Rules, any Index Component other than an Underlying 
SGI Index and Market Data. 
 
Closing Price means the official closing level of the SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation 
Date, subject to the Index Rules. 
 
Commodity Instrument means (i) an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, barley, canola, coal, cocoa, coffee, copper, 
corn, cotton, crude oil, diesel fuel, electricity, emissions allowances, fuel oil, gas oil, gasoline, gold, heating oil, iron, jet fuel, lead, 
livestock, lumber, milk, natural gas, nickel, oats, orange juice, palladium, palm oil, platinum, rapeseed, rice, rubber, silver, soybeans, 
steel, sugar, tin, wheat, and zinc, and more generally any commodity (the Physical Commodity), (ii) a future, an option, or any other 
contract traded on a regulated or organised market with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying (a Commodity Contract), 
(iii) a Fund Unit or an ETF Share with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying, or (iv) an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Instrument, any event that, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of the price or level of such Commodity Instrument for a Valuation 
Date, and includes, without limitation, (a) the failure by the relevant Exchange or price source to make public the relevant price for a 
Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source, or (b) the material suspension of 
trading or the material limitation imposed on trading (whether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits established by the 
relevant Exchange within which the price of the relevant futures contract may fluctuate or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity 
Instrument on the relevant Exchange, or (c) the non-opening of trading in a relevant Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange 
on a day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading provided that all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed 
for the entire regular trading session on such Exchange on such day, or (d) with respect to a Commodity Instrument which is an 
Underlying Index, the failure by the relevant index sponsor or, as the case may be, index calculation agent, to determine or make 
public the closing level of that Underlying Index. 
 
The occurrence or existence of any such event on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date) will not constitute a Commodity 
Instrument Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date. Accordingly, such Barrier Date will not be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 2 below. 
 
Debt Instrument means (i) a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including an Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally 
any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, or (ii) any Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the non-publication of the closing levels 
or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised 
or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Debt 
Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (d) the

--- Page 440 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
440 
unforeseen early closure of the organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent 
to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options contracts or other derivatives relating to such Debt 
Instrument, or (f) if the Debt Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the announcement of a 
disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) 
through (e) affecting such Underlying Index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index.  
 
Derivatives and Other Instrument means (i) a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, a future, an option, an OTC Option or any other 
contract traded on a regulated or organised market which is not a Commodity Instrument, or (ii) an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the non-publication 
of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on 
trading on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, 
(c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing 
obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Derivatives and Other Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or 
regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organised 
or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent to (c) and (d) but 
affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options, contracts or other derivatives relating to such Derivatives and Other 
Instrument, or (f) if the Derivatives and Other Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the 
foregoing events (a) through (e) affecting such index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes 
 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share, a Fund Unit or an ETF Share, which, in each case, is not a Commodity Instrument or (ii) an 
Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means:  
 
- in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which, 
in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, (c) an Early Closure occurring at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (d) in the case of an Underlying Index, any of the foregoing events and/or in respect of one or 
more of its components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor 
or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A.    Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise relating to (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying 
Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to Shares, ETF 
Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any components underlying any Underlying Index; 
 
B.      Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one 
or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or 
options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any 
component(s) underlying any Underlying Index; and 
 
C.      Early Closure means the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of: 
 
(a)    any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any securities or instruments 
underlying any Underlying Index; or 
 
(b)    any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any 
component(s) underlying any Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day; and 
 
-    in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds or any other similar instrument 
specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of (a) Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption, (b) Fund Settlement Disruption, (c) NAV Determination Disruption Event or (d) in the case of an Underlying 
Index, any of the foregoing events in respect of one or more of its components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A.     Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription

--- Page 441 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
441 
and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset value per Fund Unit by the Fund 
(or by the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value);  
 
B.    Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, the 
level of the Underlying Index), including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, 
account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the 
restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting 
redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a 
date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes 
or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are wholly implemented by the Fund after such 
date; and 
 
C.    NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in paragraph A above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in 
paragraph B above affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for 
the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, the level of the Underlying Index). 
 
ETF means a fund that issues ETF Shares traded on an Exchange. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
Exchange means the principal exchange, trading market or quotation system on which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the relevant Index Components (including, as applicable, any securities, indices or other instruments underlying such Index 
Components) are traded, or any successor or substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system. 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an SGI Index (or, in the case of a Basket of SGI Indices, each SGI Index observed 
separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Index Calculation Agent publishes the Closing Price. 
 
Excess Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects: 
 
(i) the performance differential (whether positive or negative) of its underlying portfolio relative to the money market rate, which means 
namely that in case of a portfolio performance in line with the money market rate, the SGI Index performance will be zero; or 
 
(ii) the performance of its underlying portfolio, being a net cash neutral portfolio of purchasing and / or selling positions, which means 
namely that in case of the absence of performance from these aggregated positions, the SGI Index performance will be zero and the 
SGI Index will not deliver the money market rate. 
 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date 
of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French  law, in 
holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund which is a component of an Underlying Index), the constitutive 
and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund.

--- Page 442 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
442 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, any share or unit of such Fund. 
 
Gross Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income before the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
 
Hedge Position has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hedge Positions (including the 
relevant Index Components) taken for the purpose of hedging products linked to the performance of the SGI Index (which for the 
avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its affiliates). 
 
Index Advisor means the index advisor, if any referred to in the Index Rules, who, subject to such Index Rules, may advise in respect 
of parameters, composition, modifications, and/or rebalancing of the relevant SGI Index. 
 
Index Advisor Extraordinary Event means, in the case of any Advised SGI Index (1) the Index Advisor fails to maintain any 
authorisation, consent, licence, or registration required under any law, rule or regulation applicable to it and which is relevant to the 
performance of its functions with respect to the SGI Index, (2) the Index Advisor ceases any of its material operations, transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets or is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, (3) the Index Advisor (a) 
becomes insolvent or bankrupt, (b) enters into an arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or other similar official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or other 
similar relief, or (d) becomes subject to the exercise of powers by a secured creditor, (4) the Index Advisor, in the commercially 
reasonable discretion of the Index Sponsor exercised in good faith, becomes unable to perform its functions with respect to the SGI 
Index, or (5) the agreement between the Index Sponsor and the Index Advisor governing the Index Advisor’s obligations and duties 
in relation to the SGI Index is terminated for any reason. 
 
Index Calculation Agent means the index calculation agent named in the relevant Index Rules, in charge of calculating and 
publishing the level of the SGI Index. 
 
Index Component means, for the purpose of the Notes (i) an Equity Instrument, (ii) a Commodity Instrument, (iii) a Debt Instrument, 
(iv) a Derivatives and Other Instrument, (v) Market Data, and/or (vi) an Underlying SGI Index, or any combination thereof as specified 
in the Index Rules. Index Component(s) may be modified from time to time as provided in the relevant Index Rules. 
 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 
A.     for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the 
occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments;  
 
B.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Commodity Instruments: 
the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Commodity Instruments;  
 
C.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Debt Instruments;  
 
D.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other 
Instruments: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Derivatives 
and Other Instruments;  
 
E.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Underlying Indices and: 
 
(a)    if the Underlying Index is an Equity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence 
of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Equity Instruments;  
 
(b)    if the Underlying Index is a Commodity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Commodity Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Commodity 
Instruments;  
 
(c)    if the Underlying Index is a Debt Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Debt Instruments; and

--- Page 443 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
443 
(d)    if the Underlying Index is a Derivative and other Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other 
Instrument: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more 
of these Derivatives and Other Instrument;  
 
F.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, Market Data: the occurrence of a Market 
Data Disruption Event in respect of such Market Data;  
 
G.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Underlying SGI Indices: 
the occurrence of an Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Underlying SGI Indices;  
 
H.    in respect of the SGI Index and/or any of its Index Component, an Index Data Disruption Event;  
 
I.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments that is a 
Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules: the occurrence of a FRTB Event in respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments, even 
if the Closing Price of the SGI Index is published by the Index Calculation Agent on the day on which such event(s) occur(s). 
 
Index Data means any data (other than Market Data) concerning the SGI Index and/or any of its Index Component reasonably 
required (i) by the Index Calculation Agent for the calculation of the level of the SGI Index and/or (ii) for the monitoring thereof by the 
Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Data Disruption Event means, with respect to an Index Component, the non- publication of the Index Data relating to such 
Index Component, normally used by the Index Calculation Agent for purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
 
Index Rules means the rules of the relevant SGI Index as amended, supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, and as 
such rules may be supplemented by the SGI Global Methodology if so provided thereunder. The Index Rules applicable to the SGI 
Index, used as underlying of a Series of Notes, are annexed to the applicable Final Terms of such Series of Notes and are also 
available to any holder of such Notes upon written request to the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means Societe Generale acting through its Societe Generale Index (SGI) business unit.  
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an SGI Index, the official level of such SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent at 
any time during a relevant Valuation Date including the Closing Price. 
 
Market Data means (i) a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a spread, or any other data identified 
as “Market Data” in the Index Rules or (ii) any index or similar instrument relating to the data described in the foregoing item (i) (but 
excluding in any case an Underlying Index or an Underlying SGI Index), and in the case of any similar instrument, it is identified as 
“Market Data” in the Index Rules. 
 
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Index Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Modified Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of a variable exposure 
(which can be higher or lower than 100%) to an index where the Type of Return of such index is Price Return. 
 
Net Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
 
OTC Option means an over-the-counter (OTC) option such as, but not limited to, an OTC put option, an OTC call option, an interest 
rate cap, an interest rate floor, a receiver swaption or a payer swaption, or in respect of any SGI Index, any other instrument designated 
as an “OTC Option” under its Index Rules. 
 
Other Return means such other return as described in the Index Rules. 
 
Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio excluding 
reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income. 
 
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system where, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, trading has a 
material effect on the overall market for futures and options relating to the relevant SGI Index or Index Components, or any successor 
or substitute exchange or quotation system. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an SGI Index, any day on which the Index Calculation Agent is scheduled to publish 
the Closing Price pursuant to the Index Rules.

--- Page 444 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
444 
SGI Global Methodology means in respect of an SGI Index: (1) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the initial version dated 8 June 
2010), (2) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the updated version dated 1 January 2016), (3) the Global Index Methodology (the 
updated version dated 16 January 2017), (4) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 25 November 2019) or, as 
the case may be, (5) the Global Index Methodology (the most recent version dated 20 July 2020), each of which describes, among 
other things, certain procedures for the calculation and maintenance of such SGI Index as well as important events which might affect 
it and the Index Components thereof, but in any case applicable to an SGI Index only where the Index Rules for such SGI Index 
expressly refer to such methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the term “SGI Global Methodology” may be construed to include 
further versions of such methodology if any is hereafter published and incorporated by reference under the relevant Index Rules. The 
SGI Global Methodology is available on the SGI website at the following address: http://sgi.sgmarkets.com. 
 
SGI Index means the Societe Generale index (or the SGI Indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of "Adjustments, Events, Monetisation until the Maturity Date, Change in 
Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event relating to SGI Indices" below. 
 
SGI Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any Index Component Event (or similar event described in the relevant Index 
Rules) which has a material effect on the Notes as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Share means an ordinary share of a company. 
 
Similar Index means an index whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the SGI Index, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of an index comprise, without limitation, its formula for and method of calculation, its 
strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such index. 
 
Total Return – Synthetic Dividend means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its 
underlying portfolio including reinvestment of all dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of a fixed or formula-based 
dividend from such dividends, interest and other income. 
 
Type of Return means "Excess Return", "Modified Price Return", "Net Total Return", "Price Return", "Gross Total Return", "Total 
Return – Synthetic Dividend" or "Other Return", as specified in the Index Rules.  
 
Underlying Index means an index constituting a Basket Component included in an SGI Index. 
 
Underlying SGI Index means an SGI Index which is itself an Index Component of another SGI Index. 
 
Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is an Underlying SGI Index, the non-
publication of the level of such Underlying SGI Index, or the occurrence of a “disruption event” (howsoever defined in the index rules 
applicable to such Underlying SGI Index) as determined by Societe Generale in its capacity as sponsor or by the index calculation 
agent of such Underlying SGI Index. 
 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 2 below. 
 
Valuation Time means the time on the relevant Valuation Date at which the Closing Price is scheduled to be calculated by the Index 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Index Rules. If the calculation frequency is specified as "Real Time" in the Index Rules, the Valuation 
Time shall be any time during the regular trading session in Paris (or such other place, if any, specified in the relevant Index Rules). 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR AN SGI INDEX  
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
3. ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE, CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, 
INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENT RELATING TO SGI INDICES 
 
3.1 Adjustments and Events relating to SGI Indices 
 
3.1.1 Adjustments  
 
A.    If on any Scheduled Trading Day, an SGI Index is: 
 
(a)    not published by the relevant Index Calculation Agent, but is published by a successor index calculation agent (the Successor 
Index Calculation Agent), acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or  
 
(b)    advised by a successor Index Advisor appointed by the Index Sponsor following an Index Advisor Extraordinary Event (in the 
case of an Advised SGI Index); or 
 
(c)    replaced by a Similar Index; 
 
then (as the case may be) that index published by the Successor Index Calculation Agent or advised by the successor Index Advisor 
or such Similar Index will be deemed to be the SGI Index so calculated and announced.

--- Page 445 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
445 
 
B.    If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent:  
 
(a)    on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent 
announce(s) that it/they will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that SGI Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that SGI Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that SGI Index and/or 
any modification reasonably incidental to such maintenance, in the event of changes in Index Components and other routine events) 
(an Index Modification); or  
 
(b)    on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the SGI Index and 
no Similar Index exists or the agreement between the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor is terminated and such Index 
Calculation Agent cannot practicably be replaced (an Index Cancellation); or  
 
(c)    on any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the Index Calculation Agent fails to publish the Closing Price of the SGI Index other 
than as a result of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (an Index Disruption and together with an Index Modification and an 
Index Cancellation, each an Index Adjustment Event); or 
 
(d)    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise (i) one or more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or 
an ETF Share or (ii) one or more Underlying Indices composed of one or more Fund Units or ETF Shares or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(i)    calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the SGI Index, the level of that SGI Index on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or, in respect of any event described in B(a) and (b) above, Barrier Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that SGI Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but 
using only those Index Components that composed the SGI Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those 
Index Components that have since then ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange), and adjust, as the case may be, any of the 
relevant terms of the Notes; or 
  
(ii)    replace the SGI Index by a Similar Index (except for the case described in (b) above); or  
 
(iii)    consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption 
Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(iv)    apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" (as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions); or  
 
(v)    only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the SGI Index with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute 
Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected SGI Index or, in the 
absence of benchmark for the affected SGI Index as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected 
SGI Index. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes shall be governed by the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt: 
 
in the event of the occurrence or existence, on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date), of an Index Disruption in respect 
of an SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component “type” is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity 
Contract”, such Index Disruption will not result in the Calculation Agent taking any of the steps described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above 
with respect to such Barrier Date. Instead, such date will no longer be considered a Barrier Date, and accordingly the Calculation 
Agent will not determine whether a Barrier Level is reached, or any other condition has occurred, for such date with respect to the 
SGI Index affected by the Index Disruption. 
 
3.1.2 Stop-Loss Event relating to an SGI Index 
 
If, on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing 
Price of an SGI Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected 
SGI Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
 
A.    substitute the Affected SGI Index by a Similar Index and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or  
 
B.    continue with the Affected SGI Index; or  
 
C.    consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where 
an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 446 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Notes 
 
 
446 
3.1.3 Correction of the Closing Price of an SGI Index 
 
In the event that any price or level published by the Index Calculation Agent which is used for any calculation or determination made 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Index Calculation 
Agent after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, (or any payment date(s) determined 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to 
the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction, provided however that, all references to the 
word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules 
applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event and consequences  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to an SGI Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 447 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes 
 
 
447 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Type of Structured Notes"  is stated as being "Reference Rate Linked Notes".  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in 
relation to the Notes.  
 
Interest Determination Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date defined as being a number of Business Days prior 
to the beginning /end of an Interest Period.  
 
Reference Rate(s) means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Underlying(s).  
 
Reference Rate Fixing means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such Reference Rate published on the Interest 
Determination Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time.  
 
Relevant Screen Page means, for each Reference Rate, the page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (which can be a 
calendar day or a Business Day or an Interest Payment Date).  
 
2. FALLBACK PROVISIONS  
 
2.1 Generic fallback provisions  
 
If on an Interest Determination Date or on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day or any other date or period in respect of which 
the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount due under the Notes, the Relevant Screen Page is not available at 
the Specified Time or if any Index Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure detailed in Condition 4.2.3.2 
of the General Terms and Conditions or Condition 4.2.3.5 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
2.2 Specific fallback provisions  
 
For certain products (mainly range accrual products), one or both of the following provisions may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in addition to the generic fallback provisions:  
 
2.2.1 In respect of a Valuation Date which is not a Business Day, the Reference Rate Fixing for such Valuation Date will be the 
Reference Rate Fixing on the first preceding Business Day in respect of such Valuation Date.  
 
2.2.2 In respect of an Interest Period and for the last four Business Days of such Interest Period, the value of the Reference Rate 
Fixing on these days shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to such Interest Period.  
 
3. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Reference Rate 
(the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.

--- Page 448 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
 
 
448 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED NOTES  
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes"  is stated as being "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes" .  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Averaging Date means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply.  
 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate published by the Price Source 
(or the Substitute Price Source if (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of 
such Foreign Exchange Rate is not available on the Price Source) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Valuation Date.  
 
For EU Allowance Notes, Closing Price means the:   
 
    Spot FX Rate, which in respect of a Valuation Date, means the bid price (‘FwdsBid’) published by the Price Source (or its successor) 
in respect of such date; and  
 
    Fwd FX Rate, which, in respect of a Valuation Date, means the ask price (‘FwdsAsk’) published by the Price Source (or its 
successor) in respect of that date, provided that:  
 
         (a) If the exact maturity of the ask price is not available on the Price Source, the Calculation Agent will determine the Closing 
Price by applying linear interpolation based on the next shorter and next longer maturities available; and  
 
         (b) If it is not possible to determine the ask price based on the Price Source, the Closing Price will be a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and having regard to the conditions prevailing in the market.  
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Disruption Event has occurred.  
 
Disruption Events means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) 
an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to 
(a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof:   
 
A. Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.  
 
B. Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of any Foreign Exchange Rate whereby it becomes impossible 
for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge 
its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Valuation Date.  
 
C. Dual Exchange Rate means that the Foreign Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign exchange rates.  
 
Foreign Exchange Rate means any exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of 
Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged.  
 
FX Closing Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
FX Opening Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in 
relation to the Notes.  
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, any time between the FX Opening Time and the FX Closing Time on 
a Valuation Date, the level of such Foreign Exchange Rate published by the Intraday Price Source (or the Substitute Intraday Price 
Source if the Intraday Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available) at a specific time on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
 
Intraday Price Source means, the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is calculated. 
 
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.

--- Page 449 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
 
 
449 
Substitute Intraday Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is calculated.  
 
Scheduled Trading Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would 
have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the principal financial centres of the Foreign Exchange Rate. 
 
Substitute Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.  
 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
In case more than one Foreign Exchange Rate need to be determined for a Note on a date specified as a Valuation Date in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of these Foreign Exchange Rates and not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of the other Foreign Exchange Rates: 
 
(a)    Such date shall be the Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which this date is a Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
(b)    The Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for each of these Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
In case a Foreign Exchange Rate X/Y is described in the applicable Final Terms as the combination of two other Foreign Exchange 
Rates (X/Y = X/Z multiplied by Z/Y, with X/Z and Z/Y the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates) and a day specified as a Valuation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms is a Scheduled Trading Day for one of the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates and not for the 
other, the Valuation Date for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates (but only for the purpose of determining the Foreign Exchange 
Rate that is the combination of these two Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates) shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for both Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
Valuation Time means the time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Closing Price is 
calculated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.  CONSEQUENCES OF A DISRUPTION EVENT 
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for a Foreign Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall :  
 
(a) determine to apply any of the following methods: 
 
(x) determine that the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Foreign Exchange Rate shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Foreign Exchange Rate, unless each of the fourteen calendar days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case, the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately following such fourteen calendar day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for the 
Foreign Exchange Rate notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good 
faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good 
faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.  
 
Provided however that, if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the 
provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled 
Averaging Date; if on the fourteen calendar day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following such 
fourteen calendar day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day immediately following 
such fourteen calendar day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations 
described in (x) above, and the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the 
Closing Price; or 
 
(y) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, 
as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(z) apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date” of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
(b) postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the Maturity Date) until the 
second Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No interest or other amount shall be 
paid by the Fiduciary in respect of such postponement.

--- Page 450 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
 
 
450 
provided however that all references to the word "second" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.    CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to a Foreign Exchange Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 451 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
451 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes apply if  the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause “Type of Structured Notes” is stated as being “Commodity Linked Notes”. 
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
1.1. Commodity Reference Prices  
 
Commodity Reference Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of (a) the prices specified for the 
relevant Commodity below, (b) the Closing Price for the relevant Commodity Index specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
AL for a date means the settlement price per tonne of high grade primary aluminium at the end of the second morning ring on the 
LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the LME for that date (available on the page "LOAHDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
AL3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward high grade primary aluminium on the LME (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on the 
page "LOAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
BL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "CO2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CC for a date means the settlement price per metric tonne of Cocoa Bean on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
CL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil on the NYMEX of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of No.2 Yellow Corn on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "C1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
CT for a date means the settlement price per pound of Cotton No.2 on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the ICE for that date (available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page"CTc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" 
for as Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CU for a date means the settlement price per tonne of copper Grade A at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOCADY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CU3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward copper Grade A on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page " LOCADS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
DA for a date means the settlement price per 100 pounds of Class III Milk on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "DA1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DA 2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "DAc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "DAc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).

--- Page 452 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
452 
 
EEX-EUA for a date, means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an 
entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the EEX of the Emission Allowances Spot stated in EUR, as 
determined and made public by the EEX for that date (available on page “EEX-EUA” of the Reuters terminal, or any relevant 
succeeding page); and (b) all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such 
settlement price. 
 
EU2 for a date means the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one 
tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract(unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MO1 Comdty" of 
the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
 
FC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
FEUAZ0 for a date, means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an 
entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the EEX of the December 2020 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the EEX for that date (available on page "FEUAZ0" of the Reuters terminal, or any relevant 
succeeding page); and (b) all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such 
settlement price. 
 
FN for a date means the settlement price per Therm of the UK natural gas on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in GBP cents, as determined and made public by ICE for that 
date (available on page "FN1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGLNc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GI for a date means the settlement price per MWh of the phelix baseload electricity index (Germany/Austria) on the EEX of the Second 
Nearby Month Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in EUR, as determined and made public 
by the EEX for that date (available on page "GI2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "F1BMc1" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GL for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the gas oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond the January 2015 contract month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low Sulphur Futures 
Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GOA for a date, means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its 
website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNAM index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXAM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LBMA). 
 
GO for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its 
website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNPM index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXPM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LBMA).  
 
GOC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on 
page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that:  
 
(a) Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and 
December Futures Contract; and  
 
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.  
 
HO for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the New York Harbor ULSD ("Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)") on the 
NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents,

--- Page 453 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
453 
as determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
ICEDEU3 Index for a date means the sum of:  
 
(a)  the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide 
equivalent gas) on the ICE of the EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures Contract (or any Future Contract replacing EUA Daily Phase 3 Futures 
Contract for Phase 4 delivery in accordance with the EU ETS) stated in EUR, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date 
(available on page “ICEDEU3 Index” of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding page); and  
 
(b)  as will be further specified in the Final Terms: either  
 
(i) all unwinding costs (costs expressed in negative value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order to 
execute an order on such settlement price; or  
 
(ii) all Standard Unwind Costs being the costs expressed as a negative amount except where expressed as a gain, determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees (if any) that would be paid by a hypothetical investor in order 
to execute an order on such settlement price, expenses (including break funding charges/gains and loss or gain of funding, which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss/gain of future interest amounts to be received under the funding arrangement(s) entered 
into in relation to the Notes), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Positions, such 
amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes. 
 
Where “Hedge Positions” means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one 
or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, futures, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) any cash 
deposits or cash borrowings and/or (c) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis the part of Societe Generale’s or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Notes. 
 
KC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Arabica Coffee on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
KW for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Hard Red Winter Wheat on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the KBOT for that date (available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KW2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on "KWc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
LC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
LH for a date means the settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
MCU for a date means the price per ton of copper Grade A on the LME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "MCU/CLS1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, 
and on the relevant page of the Bloomberg terminal). 
 
MOZ22 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an 
entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the December 2022 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ22 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any 
relevant succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by a 
hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price. 
 
MOZ23 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an 
entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the December 2023 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ23 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any 
relevant succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by a 
hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price.

--- Page 454 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
454 
 
MOZ24 Comdty for a date means the sum of (a) the settlement price per emissions allowance (such emissions allowance being an 
entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas) on the ICE of the December 2024 Futures Contract, stated in EUR, 
as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "MOZ24 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any 
relevant succeeding page); and (b) all unwinding costs (costs expressed as a positive value) or fees (if any) that would be paid by a 
hypothetical investor in order to execute an order on such settlement price. 
 
NG for a date means the settlement price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETNGS" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
NI for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Primary Nickel at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LONIDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
NI3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Primary Nickel on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
OJ for a date means the settlement price per pound of Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as 
determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "JO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"JO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "OJc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "OJc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
PB for a date means the settlement price per tonne of the Standard Lead at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOPBDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
PB3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Standard Lead on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOPBDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
PDA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNAM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or website such as recommended by the LME).  
 
PD for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNPM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LME).  
 
PTA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNAM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on the " XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LME).  
 
PT for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNPM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LME).  
 
RB for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending on the NYMEX 
of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as

--- Page 455 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
455 
determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
SB for a date means the settlement price per pound of Sugar #11 on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the ICE for that date (available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
SI for a date, means that day's LBMA Silver price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant 
to an agreement with the LBMA, and published by the LBMA on its website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective 
on that date (as published on page "SLVRLND Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement 
page or website such as recommended by the LBMA).  
 
SIC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available 
on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that: 
  
(a) Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and 
December Futures Contracts; and  
 
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.  
 
SM for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of Soybean Meal on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in US. cents, as determined and 
made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
SO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Soybean on the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the CBOT for that date (available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
WH for a date means the settlement price per bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined 
and made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "W 2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
 
XA for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the Rotterdam monthly coal on the ICE of the Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "XA2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "ATWMc2" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
ZN for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Special High Grade Zinc at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for 
cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "LOZSDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
ZN3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Special High Grade Zinc on the LME (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
1.2. Price Sources  
 
Price Source means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, the Exchange, Index Sponsor or other entity, as specified in the 
definition of that Commodity Reference Price as the entity which determines and makes public the relevant price.  
 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V. or its successor.  
 
CBOT means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor.

--- Page 456 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
456 
CME means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor.  
 
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York or its successor.  
 
EEX means European Energy Exchange or its successor.  
 
ICE means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. or its successor.  
 
KBOT means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor.  
 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor.  
 
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor.  
 
London Bullion Market means the market in London on which members of the LBMA, amongst other things, quote prices for the 
buying and selling of Gold and Silver.  
 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor.  
 
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange) or its successor.  
 
NYMEX means the New York Mercantile Exchange or its successor.  
 
OMLX means the OM London Exchange Ltd. or its successor.  
 
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange, Inc. or its successor.  
 
1.3  EU Allowance Notes 
 
Central Administrator means the person designated by the European Commission to operate and maintain the EUTL pursuant to 
Article 20 of the Directive and Article 5 of the Registries Regulation. 
 
Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for 
greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time 
to time. 
 
EU Allowance means an “allowance” as defined in the Directive that has been issued by a competent authority pursuant to Article 3 
of the Directive. 
 
EU Allowance Notes means Notes linked to any of the following Commodity: 
 
(a) EEX-EUA;  
 
(b) FEUAZ0; 
 
(c) ICEDEU3 Index; 
 
(d) MOZ22 Comdty; 
 
(e) MOZ23 Comdty; 
 
(f) MOZ24 Comdty; or 
 
(g) EU2. 
 
EU Allowance Transaction means any EU Allowance transaction entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to hedge 
the Fiduciary's  obligations under the Notes. 
 
EUTL or European Transaction Log means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Directive, the 
operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation. 
 
National Administrator means the entity responsible for managing, on behalf of a European Union member state, a set of user 
accounts under the jurisdiction of a European Union member state in the Union Registry as designated in accordance with Article 7 
of the Registries Regulation. 
 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date means, unless specified otherwise in  the applicable Final Terms, the date specified as such 
in the notice given by the Noteholders to the Fiduciary as of which the relevant Optional Redemption Amount will be calculated 
provided that it is a Valuation Date otherwise the Optional Redemption Valuation Date shall be postponed to the immediately following 
day that is a Valuation Date.

--- Page 457 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
457 
Registries Regulation means the EU Commission Regulation no. 1193/2011 of 18 November 2011 establishing a Union Registry 
for the period commencing on 1 January 2013, and subsequent trading periods, of the Scheme pursuant to the Directive 2003/87/EC 
and Decision 280/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and amending Regulations (EC) No. 2216/2004 and (EU) 
No. 920/2010. 
 
Union Registry means the registry referred to as the “Community Registry” in Article 19(1) of the Directive. 
 
Valuation Date means:  
 
A.    each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the Notes; provided that: 
 
(i) each such day is a Commodity Business Day common to both Underlyings and no Underlying is affected by a Market Disruption 
Event, and if a Market Disruption Event occurs on a Commodity Business Day for any Underlying, the Valuation Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Commodity Business Day common to both Underlyings; and 
 
(ii) if, such day does not occur at the latest on the fifth Commodity Business Day following the initial Commodity Business Day which, 
in the absence of Market Disruption Event, would have been the Valuation Date, then such Valuation Date shall be such fifth 
Commodity Business Day and the prices for such Valuation Date shall be determined, in good faith, by the Calculation Agent using: 
 
(a) with respect to the Commodity which is not affected by a Market Disruption Event on such fifth Commodity Business Day, the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price on such day; and 
 
(b) with respect to the Commodity which is affected by a Market Disruption Event on such fifth Commodity Business Day, the fair 
market value of such Commodity; and 
 
B.    if the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Notes are not specified or are specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each day that is both:  
 
(i) a Valuation Date (as defined in A. above); and  
 
(ii) a Scheduled Trading Day common to both FXRates and which is not affected by a Disruption Event in respect of either FXRate; 
 
C.    if both Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Notes and Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Reference Rate Linked Notes are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each day that is all of: 
 
(i) a Valuation Date (as defined in A. above); and 
 
(ii) a Scheduled Trading Day common to both FXRates and which is not affected by a Disruption Event in respect of either FXRate; 
and  
 
(iii) a Scheduled Trading Day for all Reference Rates and which is not affected by a Disruption Event in respect of the Reference 
Rates from and including Valuation Date(0) to and including Valuation Date(T). 
 
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Date(T) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4 Other definitions 
  
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average. With respect to a Commodity, Averaging Date is subject to Commodity Business Day 
Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Averaging Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Averaging Date is 
considered as a Valuation Date.  
 
Barrier Date means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred, and which includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (2) each date where an 
American Knock-In Event can occur, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. With respect to a Commodity, Barrier Date is 
subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Barrier Date is subject to Index Business Day 
Adjustment. Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Common Commodity Business Day or Common Index Business 
Day, as relevant, is applicable to Barrier Dates.  
 
Barrier Level means the level specified as such or as a Knock-In Threshold in the applicable Final Terms. If not specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Barrier Level means a level for which an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred. 
 
Basket means a basket of Commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Closing Price for a date means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the closing level of the Commodity Index determined and made 
public by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) for that date.

--- Page 458 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
458 
 
Commodity means any of the commodities referenced in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, commodities comprised in a 
Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, if applicable or any commodity otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Commodity Business Day means: (a) when the Commodity Reference Price is a price determined and made public by an Exchange, 
a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a scheduled trading day on that Exchange 
and; (b) when the Commodity Reference Price is not a price determined and made public by an Exchange, a day with respect to 
which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to make public a price.  
 
Commodity Index means the index on commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Commodity Instrument means any Relevant Futures Contract, and as applicable, any commodity comprised in the Commodity 
Index or Underlying Index for which there is no Relevant Futures Contract.  
 
Common Commodity Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is a Commodity Business Day with respect 
to all Commodity Reference Prices specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Common Index Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is an Index Business Day with respect to all 
Commodity Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Exchange means the exchange or principal trading market specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that with respect to a 
Commodity Index, Exchange means the exchange or quotation system on which the Commodities comprised in the Commodity Index 
are traded, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, in particular by reason of comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Commodities.  
 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Futures Contract means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, a standardised 
contract, traded on the Exchange referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, for future delivery of a contract size of the 
Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (a) if a particular 
date or month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Futures Contract providing for 
delivery on that date or month, (b) if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month etc. is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Futures Contract will be respectively the first Futures Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire (meaning, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to cease trading) on or following the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date. 
 
Index Business Day means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any day (a) on which the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, the Index 
Calculation Agent) and the Underlying Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, the Underlying Index Calculation Agent) are scheduled 
to determine and make public the Closing Price of the Commodity Index and Underlying Index (if any), as applicable, and (b) which 
is a trading day on the relevant Exchange for all Commodity Instruments.  
 
Index Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any of the following events: 
  
(A) the failure by the Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public the Closing Price of 
the Commodity Index (if relevant). 
 
(B) the failure by the Underlying Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Underlying Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public the 
Closing Price of the Underlying Index.  
 
(C) the failure by the relevant Exchange to determine or make public the settlement price for a Commodity Instrument.  
 
(D) the material limitation imposed on trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a limitation imposed 
on trading shall be deemed to be material only if (x) the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of 
the Commodity Instrument may fluctuate and (y) the price of such Commodity Instrument is at the upper or lower limit of that range 
(each a Limit Price) (the Trading Limitation).  
 
(E) the material suspension of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a suspension of the trading 
shall be deemed to be material only if (x) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended for the entire trading day on the 
relevant Exchange or (y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended during the relevant trading day on the relevant 
Exchange, such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding the commencement of such suspension or trading does not 
recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Commodity Instrument (the Trading Suspension).  
 
(F) the non-opening of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on any scheduled trading day with respect to 
such Commodity Instrument on that Exchange (a Scheduled Trading Day) provided that (X) the non-opening of trading in the 
Commodity Instrument does not constitute a Trading Suspension and (Y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed for the 
entire Scheduled Trading Day (the Closed Exchange).  
 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as an Index Disruption Event with 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date).

--- Page 459 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
459 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Commodity Index, if different from the Index 
Sponsor.  
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms which (a) is responsible for 
establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Commodity Index and/or (b) makes public (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index 
on a regular basis.  
 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Intraday Price means, with respect to a Commodity and a day, any price at which such Commodity has been traded on the relevant 
Exchange at any time during that day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, such price to include the Commodity Reference Price.  
 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Intraday Price shall have the following meanings:  
 
Aluminium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling high grade primary aluminium has 
been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, 
available on the page "LMAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Arabica Coffee Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which arabica coffee has been traded at any time during 
that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Brent blend crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the Brent blend crude oil has been traded at 
any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and on page "CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "COc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "COc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Cocoa Bean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the Cocoa Bean has been traded at any time 
during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Copper Grade A Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling copper Grade A has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMCADS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Cotton No.2 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Cotton No.2 has been traded at any time during that 
date on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CTc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CTc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Deliverable grade Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which deliverable grade wheat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Feeder Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Feeder Cattle has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2(unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Emissions allowance Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the emissions allowance (such emissions 
allowance being an entitlement to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent gas), has been traded at any time during that date on 
the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in EUR, as

--- Page 460 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
460 
determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page “MO1 Comdty” of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"0#CFI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page). 
 
Gas oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which the gas oil has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond January 2015 contract 
month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low Sulphur Futures Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract 
month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "LGOc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LGOc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Gold COMEX Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold has been traded at any time during that date 
on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); provided that:  
 
(a) Selected Futures Contract means for such date the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and 
December Futures Contract; and  
 
(b) If such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the Relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.  
 
Gold Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAU=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or on 
page "XAU EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Hard Red Winter Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Hard Red Winter Wheat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KWc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Lean Hogs Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Lean Hogs has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Live Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Live Cattle has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Natural gas Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per MMBTU at which the natural gas has been traded at any time during 
that date on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
New York Harbor ULSD Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the New York Harbor ULSD has been 
traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "HOc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
No.2 Yellow Corn Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which the No.2 Yellow Corn has been traded at any time 
during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "C 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C 
2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
Palladium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Palladium for delivery in London through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPD=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service or on page "XPD EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).

--- Page 461 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
461 
Platinum Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Platinum for delivery in London through a member 
of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPT=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service or on page "XPT EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Primary Nickel Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Primary Nickel has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMNIDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
Reformulated gasoline blendstock Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the reformulated gasoline 
blendstock for oxygen blending has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "RBc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Silver COMEX Intraday Price: means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver has been traded at any time during that 
date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S 
cents (available on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page); provided that:  
 
(a) Selected Futures Contract means for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and 
December Futures Contracts; and  
 
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.  
 
Silver Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver for delivery in London through a member of the 
LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAG=EBS" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any succeeding page) 
or on page "XAG EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Standard Lead Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling Standard Lead has been traded 
at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), available on page "LMPBDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Sugar #11 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Sugar #11 has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Soybean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Soybean has been traded at any time during that date on 
the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Soybean Meal Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which Soybean Meal has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the West Texas 
Intermediate light sweet crude oil has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "CLc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Zinc Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Special High Grade Zinc has been traded at any 
time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the day 
immediately preceding that first notice date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).

--- Page 462 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
462 
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity, any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
disrupts or impairs the determination of the price of such Commodity for a Valuation Date, and includes, without limitation:  
 
A. the failure by the relevant Price Source to make public the relevant price for a Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source.  
 
B. the Trading Suspension or the Trading Limitation (whether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits of the Limit Price 
or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange.  
 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event is determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as a Market Disruption Event with 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date).  
 
MMBTU means one million British thermal units.  
 
Observation Barrier Period means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period from and including the first 
Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation Date. 
 
Observation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
either in London or in New York. 
 
Relevant Futures Contract means each futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index or in the Underlying Index. 
 
Roll Adjustment means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the following roll rules: 
 
Roll Adjustment 1: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the last trade date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
           (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract; and  
           (ii)    immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the 
immediately preceding trade date was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
 
Roll Adjustment 2: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures 
option contract, traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
 
        (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and  
 
        (ii)    immediately after the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in  the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling after the standard (last) expiry date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, the 
relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures 
Contract which, as of the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, was the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract). 
 
Roll Adjustment 3: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the first notice date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures 
Contract will be: 
 
      (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and 
 
     (ii)    immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on or after the first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures 
Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of 
the day immediately preceding that first notice date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
 
Strike Price means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Underlying Index means each index comprised in a Commodity Index.

--- Page 463 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
463 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor.  
 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms which (a) is responsible 
for establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Underlying Index and (b) makes public (directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying 
Index on a regular basis.  
 
Valuation Date means a date with respect to which a Commodity Reference Price is determined and includes the Initial Valuation 
Date and the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and/or each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. With respect 
to a Commodity, Valuation Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Valuation 
Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither Common 
Commodity Business Day nor Common Index Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Valuation Dates. 
 
2. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITIES OTHER THAN INDICES  
 
2.1 Commodity Business Day Adjustment  
 
2.1.1 If a Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, then the Valuation Date 
for such Commodity Reference Price shall be postponed to the next day which is a Commodity Business Day with respect to such 
Commodity Reference Price, subject to valuation deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below.  
 
2.1.2 If a Barrier Date is not a Common Commodity Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Common Commodity Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below. 
  
2.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date 
of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of 
determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity 
Linked Note and (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of the Commodity or Commodities for which the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date 
of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not a Commodity Business Day.  
 
2.2 Consequences of Market Disruption Events  
 
2.2.1 If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to a Commodity Reference Price on a Valuation Date, then the 
price of such Commodity with respect to such Valuation Date will be (subject to the determination deadline provision in Condition 
2.2.2 below):  
 
(a) the Commodity Reference Price for such Valuation Date published by the relevant Exchange on the next Commodity Business 
Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event (the Determination Day);  
 
(b) if the Commodity Reference Price is not determined as per paragraph (a) above or is a Limit Price, the Commodity Reference 
Price published by the relevant Exchange for such Determination Day.  
 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, a Determination Day shall fall within a period of five Commodity Business Days 
from and including the relevant Valuation Date.  
 
The determination of the Commodity Reference Price in paragraphs (a) and  (b) above is subject to determination deadline provisions 
in Condition 2.2.2 below.  
 
(c) If there is no Determination Day within a period of five Commodity Business Days following (and including) the Valuation Date, 
then the prices for such Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such fifth Commodity Business Day, using:  
 
(i) with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business 
Day, the relevant Commodity Reference Price for that fifth Commodity Business Day and  
 
(ii) with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business 
Day, the fair market value of such Commodity or Commodities.  
 
2.2.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prices for a Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at the latest on the 
earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be 
made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date.  
 
2.3 Consequences of extraordinary events affecting the Commodities or Commodity Reference Prices  
 
If, any of the following extraordinary event occurs in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Reference Price in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent:  
 
A. the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or otherwise becomes unavailable; or

--- Page 464 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
464 
B. at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the formula or the calculation method for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price occurs; or  
 
C. at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the content, the composition or the constitution of the relevant 
Commodity occurs,  
 
then, except in case of EU Allowance Notes,  the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:  
 
     Y. determine the fair market value of the relevant Commodity for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date; or 
 
     Z. replace, to the extent possible, the affected Commodity Reference Price with a similar price.  
 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no price meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement price in accordance with Z above, then, except in the case of EU 
Allowance Notes, the Calculation Agent will decide to either:  
 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
b. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Subparagraph (a) shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
2.4 Consequences of adjustment events affecting the Commodity Reference Price  
 
If  a Commodity Reference Price made public on the relevant Price Source's page and used in any calculation or determination made 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is made available to the public on the relevant Price Source's page after 
the original publication but no later than the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Note and (ii) four Commodity Business Days or Index 
Business Days, as applicable, prior to the Maturity Date of such Note or any payment date(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), 
the Calculation Agent will determine whether adjustments to the terms of the Notes are necessary to account for such correction.  
 
3. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDICES ON COMMODITIES 
  
3.1 Index Business Day Adjustment  
 
3.1.1 If a Valuation Date is not an Index Business Day with respect to a Commodity Index, then the Valuation Date for such Commodity 
Index shall be postponed to the next day which is an Index Business Day with respect to such Commodity Index, subject to valuation 
deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below.  
 
3.1.2 If a Barrier Date is not a Common Index Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Common Index Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below.  
 
3.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of 
a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of determinations 
made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date; as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note 
and (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the fair market level of the Commodity Index or Commodity Indices for which the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a 
Commodity Linked Note and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not an Index Business Day. 
  
3.2 Consequences of Index Disruption Events  
 
3.2.1 If a Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms is subject to an Index Disruption Event for a Commodity Index or any 
Underlying Index, as applicable, the level of such Commodity Index or Underlying Index shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula and calculation method for that Commodity Index and Underlying Index, as applicable, then in effect 
(subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.2.2 below), using:  
 
(a) with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for which no Commodity Instrument 
is affected by an Index Disruption Event, its settlement price as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange for the 
Valuation Date; and  
 
(b) with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for which one or more Commodity 
Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event:  
 
(i) the settlement price of the Commodity Instruments related to such commodity as determined by the relevant Exchange for the 
Valuation Date and made public on the Valuation Date or retrospectively on the next Commodity Business Day on which there is no 
Index Disruption Event with respect to such Commodity Instruments;  
 
(ii) if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments related to such commodity is not determined as per (b)(i) above or 
is a Limit Price, the settlement price of all Commodity Instruments related to such commodity published by the relevant Exchange for

--- Page 465 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
465 
the next Commodity Business Day on which the Index Disruption Event ceases to exist with respect to all such Commodity 
Instruments;  
 
(iii) the settlement price of such Commodity Instruments shall be determined within five (5) Commodity Business Days from and 
including the relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of paragraph (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above;  
 
(iv) if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments is not determined as per (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above,  
 
Y. for each Commodity Instrument which is not affected by an Index Disruption Event on the fifth (5th) Commodity Business Day from 
and including the relevant Valuation Date and for which the relevant Exchange determines and makes public the settlement price on 
that day (and that settlement price is not a Limit Price), the settlement price of such Commodity Instrument(s) as determined and 
made public by the relevant Exchange; and  
 
Z. for each other Commodity Instrument the fair market value of all such Commodity Instruments on that fifth Commodity Business 
Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the latest available settlement price for such Commodity 
Instruments as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange and any other information that the Calculation Agent may in 
good faith deem relevant.  
 
3.2.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the date on which the value of a Commodity comprised in the Commodity Index and the level of 
Commodity Index are determined shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date of a Commodity Linked Note and (ii) the 
fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such date.  
 
3.3 Consequences of extraordinary events and adjustments to Indices  
 
A. If a Commodity Index is:  
 
(a) not calculated and made public by the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent but is calculated and made public 
by a relevant successor sponsor or calculation agent (the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or  
 
(b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, 
and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index (the Successor Index);  
 
then the Commodity Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and made public by the relevant Successor Sponsor or 
Successor Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be).  
 
B. If, on or prior to a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index Sponsor or 
Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) (or if applicable the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be):  
 
(a) makes a material change in the formula or calculation method of a Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies a 
Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event of 
changes in commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and capitalisation and other routine events). For the avoidance of doubt, 
and without limitation, any sub-division (split) of the Commodity Index or any consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Commodity 
Index, or any other event linked to the performance or the level of the Commodity Index shall not be considered a routine event; or  
 
(b) fails to calculate and publish the level of the Commodity Index for a continuous period of at least four (4) Commodity Business 
Days before and including that Valuation Date; or  
 
(c) permanently ceases to calculate or cancels a Commodity Index and no Successor Index exists;  
 
each of the events described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, an Index Adjustment Event;  
 
then the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:  
 
Y. determine the level of that Commodity Index for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date in accordance with the formula and 
calculation method for that Commodity Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event (provided that the Calculation Agent 
may, if required in the Calculation Agent’s determination, adapt such formula or calculation method to take the Index Adjustment 
Event into account). The Commodity Index so calculated will be used in lieu of the Closing Price made public by the Index Sponsor 
or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the determination of an amount to be paid under the Notes or to determine whether a 
condition, if any, has occurred or not, or  
 
Z. replace the Commodity Index with a new index to the extent possible, representative of the similar type of commodities comprised 
in the Commodity Index and traded on one or more Exchanges.  
 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no index meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement index in accordance with Z above, then the Calculation Agent 
will decide to either:

--- Page 466 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
466 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid, an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
b. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date", as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
Change in Law means, with respect to Notes that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Commodity Indice(s) as 
Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Notes, due to: 
 
A. the adoption of, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation (including 
without limitation, any Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital 
requirements) or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange or principal trading market on which a Commodity or any 
component thereof is traded (together the Applicable Regulation); or  
 
B. the promulgation of, or any change in the published interpretation by official practice of any court, tribunal, regulatory or similar 
authority with competent jurisdiction or supervisory duty or exchange, of any Applicable Regulation (including without limitation any 
action taken by a taxing authority),  
 
the Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
Y. it is or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to (a) hold, acquire 
or dispose of any Hedge Position (as defined below) or (b) maintain the agreement entered into with the Fiduciary in relation to the 
Notes or the Underlying(s) of the Notes or to perform its obligations or exercise its rights thereunder; or  
 
Z. Societe Generale or any of its affiliates incurs or there is a substantial likelihood that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates will 
incur increased costs, fees or charges in (a) acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing 
of any Hedge Position or (b) maintaining any agreement entered into with the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes or the Underlying(s) 
of the Notes or performing its obligations thereunder.  
 
Hedging Disruption means, unless specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Notes that have one or 
more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that, as determined  in good faith by the Calculation Agent, Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either:  
 
A. acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Position; or  
 
B. freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Position or any agreement entered into with 
the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes or the Underlying(s) of the Notes. 
 
For the purpose hereof, Hedge Position means (i) one or more positions in or contracts related to commodities, over-the-counter or 
exchange-traded commodity derivative transactions, one or more positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions (ii) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (iii) any cash deposits or cash 
borrowing and/or (iv) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities (howsoever described) necessary to hedge, individually or 
on a portfolio basis or otherwise, the risks of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates of (a) issuing and performing any of the obligations 
with respect to the Notes or (b) entering into and performing the obligations under any agreement entered into in relation to the Notes 
or the Underlying(s) of the Notes.  
 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Notes  that have 
one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that as determined by the Calculation Agent, Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date (s) on which Societe 
Generale enters into the Hedge Position in respect of the Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
by the Fiduciary in relation to the Notes, or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds of the proceeds of its Hedge Positions. 
 
Upon the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging (the relevant Commodity(ies) as 
Underlying being the Affected Underlying), except in case of EU Allowance Notes, the Calculation Agent may either:  
 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
b. replace, to the extent possible, the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector; or  
 
c. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date", as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions;  
 
or,

--- Page 467 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
467 
 
d. but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging (and provided that the Notes are not Notes listed on the Italian Stock Exchange 
(Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)), deduct : 
 
(i) from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under any Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligation of the Fiduciary under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the Reduction 
Amount); provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Note is higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction 
of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the difference between 
the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted 
in all or in part after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be 
deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption 
Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero), provided 
that the value of Associated Costs shall be equal to 0 (zero) in respect of Notes listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.).); or 
 
(ii) in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption Date (if 
any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero),or  
 
 
 
(ii)in the case of Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes, any Physical Delivery Amount,  which is calculated in connection with the 
Notes shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero). 
 
5. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EU ALLOWANCE NOTES 
 
Emission Market Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of (A) an Abandonment of 
Scheme or (B) a Suspension Event. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A.  Abandonment of Scheme means that the scheme for transferring allowances established pursuant to the Directive and the 
Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of the European Union member states (the “Scheme”) is, as a result 
of an official written public pronouncement by the European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
 
B.  Suspension Event means that on or before the Valuation Date(T), Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable to perform 
its delivery or acceptance obligations under and in accordance with an EU Allowance Transaction and the Scheme through the Union 
Registry as a result of the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) an Administrator Event or (ii) an Absence of Registry Operation. 
 
(i)   Administrator Event means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Union Registry or the EUTL in accordance 
with the Registries Regulation by the relevant National Administrator or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (a) where the Union 
Registry is not operated and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other applicable law, 
or (b) for the purpose of carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, or (c) where there has been or following reasonable 
suspicion of, a breach of security which threatens the integrity of the registries system (including any back up facilities). 
 
(ii)   Absence of Registry Operation: means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an Administrator Event, the absence of: 
- the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Union Registry; and/or 
- the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL; and/or 
- the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between the Union Registry and the EUTL. 
 
Underlying Extraordinary Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any one of the following events: 
 
A.    the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or otherwise becomes unavailable; 
 
B.    at any time following Valuation Date(0), a material change in the formula or the calculation method for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price; 
 
C.    at any time following Valuation Date(0), a material change in the content, the composition or the constitution of the relevant 
Commodity;  
 
D.    an Emission Market Extraordinary Event; or 
 
E.    any one of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 468 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Notes 
 
 
468 
Upon the occurrence of an Underlying Extraordinary Event, the Calculation Agent will apply Scenario 2 (as defined in Condition 
3.3.11.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Otherwise, the Calculation Agent will apply Scenario 1 (as defined in Condition 3.3.11.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae) in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 469 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
469 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Fund Linked Notes". 
 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes the following terms in Condition 6.5.4 of the General 
Terms and Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
 
- Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
 
- Intermediate Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions means Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions. 
 
- Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions. 
 
1.  GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period. 
 
Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following the occurrence of 
the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date. 
 
Adjusted Maturity Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following the occurrence of the Full 
Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
Adjusted Optional Redemption Date means the date which the earlier of (a) the 20th Business Day following the occurrence of the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Maturity Date. 
 
Applicable Method means in respect of a Valuation Date, either Calculation Method, Execution Method/Subscription, Execution 
Method/Redemption, Order Method/Subscription or Order Method/Redemption. If in respect of the first Valuation Date to occur on or 
immediately following the Issue Date of the Notes (the First Valuation Date), no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Order Method/Subscription shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method. If in respect of any Valuation Date which is 
not the First Valuation Date, no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Order Method/Redemption shall be 
deemed to be the Applicable Method. 
 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs 
(including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with 
the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst  
the Specified Denomination of each outstanding Note. 
 
Basket means a basket composed of Funds (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Funds specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Closing Price means in respect of any Fund (and in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent): 
 
   A.   Where Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the official net asset value 
per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation 
Date; or 
 
   B.   Where Execution Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical 
Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value 
per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation 
Date; or 
 
   C.   Where Execution Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Unit net of all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a 
Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s), scheduled to be executed on the official 
net asset value per Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of 
such Valuation Date; or 
 
   D.   Where Order Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical

--- Page 470 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
470 
Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Fund on such 
Valuation Date; or 
 
   E.   Where Order Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Unit net of all costs or fees (if any), that would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a 
Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Fund on 
such Valuation Date. 
 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but 
excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction. 
 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight rate in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific Compounding Rate used in 
respect of a Specified Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period. 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Fund means, the fund or the pooled investment vehicle as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed separately), 
any date on which a Valid Order can be submitted by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue 
Date of the Notes. 
 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed 
separately), any date as defined in the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes in respect of which the official net 
asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund. 
 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund 
Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, a share of such Fund or, if interests in such Fund are not denominated as shares, 
a unit of account of ownership in such Fund. 
 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary's obligations under 
the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on the Maturity Date  apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Note 
provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include  the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions.  
 
provided further that  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Position", Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its

--- Page 471 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
471 
affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund Units, to have (a) the benefits and 
obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Units; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of 
such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of Fund Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in 
such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of Fund Units. 
 
Intermediate Amount means either an Interest Amount or an Instalment Amount. 
 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds 
of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to 
or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of 
one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary's 
obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned pro 
rata to each outstanding Note. 
 
Intermediate Payment Date means either an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Notes. 
 
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes. 
 
Maturity Disruption Event means that an Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or an Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full 
Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date,  
 
provided however that:  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Maturity Disruption Event", Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Redemption Date,  the date on which the liquidation proceeds of 
the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part 
of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one 
or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary's 
obligations under the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Optional Redemption Date  apportioned pro rata 
to each outstanding Note. 
 
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes. 
 
Optional Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes. 
 
Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date means, with respect to an Optional Redemption Date, the Business Day preceding such Optional 
Redemption Date by a number of Business Days or calendar days equal to the number of Business Days or calendar days of the 
notice period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date means, if a Maturity Disruption Event occurs, the date that falls on the second anniversary 
date of the Maturity Date or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Specified Currency, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert such amount on such 
date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the 
Fund Documents. 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed separately), 
each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if, for a Fund, such date is not a Fund Business Day or a Fund Valuation 
Day (as the case may be), the next following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day for such Fund (the Scheduled Valuation 
Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case the Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of

--- Page 472 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
472 
Condition 2.3 below. Any Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation Date, annual Valuation Date, quarterly Valuation Date, monthly 
Valuation Date or weekly Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the 
purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
2. ADJUSTMENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - DISRUPTION EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES – 
CONSEQUENCES OF A MATURITY DISRUPTION EVENT   
 
2.1 Adjustments 
 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting a Fund or the value of the relevant Units 
including, without limitation: 
 
A.  a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; 
 
B.  a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (a) an additional quantity of such Fund Unit, or (b) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C.  an extraordinary dividend; 
 
D.  a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, 
other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by an investor in such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund 
Documents; or 
 
E.  any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Units or quantity of 
Fund Units; 
 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Fiduciary under the Notes. 
 
2.2   Extraordinary Events and consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies, likely occurrence, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date: 
 
A. Change in Law 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: means that (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below; 
 
(ii) Otherwise, means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical 
Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) or it has become illegal to maintain the agreement 
entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination 
of Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe Generale or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under such Notes or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or the issuer of the Notes with 
the Fund or the Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
 
B.   Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply 
with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, 
defining:  
 
(x) the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the Fund 
Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), 
including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale or any of its affiliates (y) the undertaking 
made by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider to Societe Generale on the basis of which Societe Generale determines that it can 
implement Hypothetical Hedge Positions, Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions in 
compliance with the Volcker Rule (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes), the termination of such

--- Page 473 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
473 
agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing or 
ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or 
rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
 
 
C.   Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) 
or (L). below; 
 
D.   Fund Adviser Event means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies (in which case 
Fund Adviser Event is not applicable), that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve (12) months, the total value 
of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease 
in value of such assets); 
 
E.   Fund Hedging Disruption means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies (in which 
case Fund Hedging Disruption is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of the Fund being all or part of the Intermediate and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit 
of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that 
the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in relation 
to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription 
or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption 
orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial 
statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by 
the relevant Fund or (v) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each case 
whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes or 
are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are solely implemented by the Fund after such 
date; 
 
F.   Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within fifteen (15) days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen (15) days thereafter; 
or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
 
G.   Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, 
that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but 
not limited to an open-ended fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
H.   Fund Service Provider Event:  
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means (a) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the 
Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or 
the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred; 
 
(ii) Otherwise, means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or 
indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, 
except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the Fund 
Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date 
or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred; 
 
I.   Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes;

--- Page 474 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
474 
 
J.   Holding Ratio: 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate 
net asset value under an amount that has a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or 
would increase the proportion of Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds 
managed by the same, is impaired; 
 
(ii) Otherwise, means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses 
or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical 
Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
K.   Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies (in 
which case Increase Cost of Hedging is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) 
to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
 
L.   Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
M.   Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders 
can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Notes or implements a 
modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless 
as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Notes; 
 
N.   Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of the Fund, its 
consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
O.   Nationalization means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
 
P.   Regulatory Action: 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means with respect to any Fund Unit, 
(a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, 
legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory 
treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that has an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any 
investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject 
to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation 
of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
(ii) Otherwise, means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such 
Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
Q.   Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) 
information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been 
previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
 
R.   Strategy Breach: 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy 
or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that affects the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not

--- Page 475 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
475 
limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a 
reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund, 
 
(ii) Otherwise, means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that 
is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from 
its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction 
of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund, 
 
S.   FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider 
(a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the 
FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with 
the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading 
Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Unit, 
 
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable 
Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets 
of the Fund; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the 
existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above. 
 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
X.     (i) consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption 
Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause 
to be paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in 
part, the Early Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in 
cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as 
an Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu 
of its obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or 
 
 
Y.    in the case of (N) above only, replace the Fund Unit by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable 
on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of Fund Units prior to such conversion, split, 
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of the Fund Unit and make any adjustment (if 
necessary) to the value of such Fund Unit; or 
 
Z.    apply any of the following methods: 
 
    (a)    Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the Substitute Fund) having an investment strategy similar 
to the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected Fund) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Fund is substituted, on any date "t", with a 
Substitute Fund, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Fund and would mean 
the closing price of such Substitute Fund on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so 
that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected Fund on such date "t", or 
 
    (b)    Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date (as defined below), or 
 
    (c)    "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions, or  
 
only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging : 
 
AA.    deduct: 
 
 
(i)    from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging and that would be incurred by the Hypothetical Investor, in relation to the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligation of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); provided 
however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction 
Amount in respect of one Note is or higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction

--- Page 476 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
476 
Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due 
on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part after the 
occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final 
Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
 
(ii)    in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption Date (if 
any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero).  
      
Provided, however, that: 
 
If "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms then: 
 
(x)    upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, any Put Notice or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right 
of optional redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling after the date of 
such occurrence shall be null and void; and 
 
(z)    upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, with respect to Put Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary 
of its right of optional redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling on or 
before the date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or adjustments described in (X), 
(Y) or (Z) above. 
 
Only in case of FRTB Event: 
 
AB.    substitute the Affected Fund with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute Index means an Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the Affected Fund, or, in the absence of benchmark for the 
Affected Fund, as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected Fund. 
 
Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
 
Sub-paragraph (Z) shall not apply to Notes listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
2.3 Disruption Events and consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies, the likely occurrence, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each a Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date or 
an Averaging Date (the Disrupted Day) and a Fund or Fund Unit (the Affected Fund): 
 
A. Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset value per Unit of the 
Fund by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value); or 
 
B. Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without limitation due to (a) the transfer 
of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of 
existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the 
Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of 
the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed 
by the Fund’s statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in 
the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes 
and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; or 
 
C. NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in (B) above 
affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) in 
respect of the Affected Fund shall be postponed to the immediately following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day (as specified

--- Page 477 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
477 
in relation to such Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a Disruption Event 
for such Affected Fund.  
 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Fund Business Days or Fund Valuation Days, as the 
case may be, following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, or if no Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation 
Day, as the case may be, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
X.    determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value per Unit of such Fund which shall be deemed to be the Closing Price in 
respect of such Valuation Date;  
 
Y.    (i) consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption 
Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause 
to be paid an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) only in case of Fund Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full 
or in part, the Early Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount 
in cash; or (b) if Fund Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such 
event as an Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the Fund 
Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or 
 
 
Z.    apply either (i) "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions,  (ii) 
Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date, or (iii) Substitution. 
 
Provided that: 
 
 
(a)   if "Redemption at the option of the Noteholders" or "Redemption at the option of the Fiduciary"  is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms then: 
 
   (i)    upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Put Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary of its right of 
optional redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling after the date of such 
occurrence shall be null and void. 
 
  (ii)    upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, with respect to Put Notices or the exercise by the Fiduciary of 
its right of optional redemption relating to an Optional Redemption Date with an Optional Redemption Cut-Off Date falling on or before 
the date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or adjustments described in (X), (Y) or 
(Z) above: 
 
(b)   if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to 
the first succeeding Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also 
a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the earlier of (i) the fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, following 
the Scheduled Averaging Date and (ii) the thirty-fifth calendar day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Fund Business Day or 
Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then 
that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the case may be, shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the 
case may be, is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described 
in (X) above, and the good faith estimate of the net asset value per Unit of such Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price; 
 
 
(c)   notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the 
provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation 
Date or the Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall elect to make the determinations and/or adjustments described in either 
(X), (Y) or (Z) above on such fourth Business Day and, in case the Calculation Agent elects to make the determinations described in 
(X) above, the good faith estimate of the net asset value of the Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2.3 : 
 
- All references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
 
- Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 478 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
478 
2.4 Consequences of Maturity Disruption Event  
 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies, the likely occurrence, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Maturity Disruption Event, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
   (i)   unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Notes_Events2” applies (in which case only paragraph (ii) below is 
applicable), consider such Maturity Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early 
Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and 
shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
 
   (ii)   apply Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date (as described in Condition 3.1.3). 
 
3. POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE - SUBSTITUTION 
 
3.1 Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date 
 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date, the Fiduciary shall no longer be 
liable for the payment of (1) the Intermediate Amount(s) initially scheduled to be paid on any Intermediate Payment Date and/or (2) 
the Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date and/or (3) the Final Redemption Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described 
in Conditions 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 and/or 3.1.3 below. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Maturity Disruption Event, the Fiduciary shall no longer 
be liable for the payment on the Maturity Date of the Intermediate Amount(s) and/or the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Final 
Redemption Amount, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.3 below. 
 
3.1.1 Postponement to the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date 
 
3.1.1.1 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying 
any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of 
which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation 
Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision).   
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Investor under its Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.  
 
3.1.1.2 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which cannot be in any case 
lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Intermediate Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note equal 
to the Minimum Intermediate Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Intermediate Payment Date an amount per Note, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between: 
 
(i)   (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, as a 
result of liquidating, the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the 
Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for 
the purposes of this provision) and  
 
(ii)   an amount equal to the Minimum Intermediate Amount; 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
3.1.2 Postponement to the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date 
 
3.1.2.1 In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which could be as low 
as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the

--- Page 479 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
479 
Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted 
if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation 
Amount for the purposes of this provision).    
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
3.1.2.2 In respect of the payment of any Optional Redemption Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which cannot be in 
any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note equal 
to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Optional Redemption Date an amount per Note, determined 
by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference between: 
 
(i)   (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result 
of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or 
part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision) and 
 
(ii)   an amount equal to the Minimum Optional Redemption Amount; 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero.  
 
3.1.3 Postponement to the Adjusted Maturity Date 
 
3.1.3.1 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which could be as low as zero  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay on the Adjusted Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by 
the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets 
of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which converted if necessary into the Specified Currency 
using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or on 
the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with 
(c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, 
(which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded),  
 
provided however that:  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1.3, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority 
to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero. 
 
3.1.3.2 In respect of the payment of any Intermediate Amount and/or the Optional Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms which cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum 
Redemption Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Fiduciary shall pay (1) on the Maturity Date an amount per Note equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Maturity Date an amount per Note, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the 
positive difference between:

--- Page 480 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
 
 
480 
(i)   (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or 
the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as the case may be, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia 
by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation 
Date, as the case may be, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together 
with (c) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, 
(which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Intermediate 
Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Adjusted Maturity Date (excluded),  
 
provided however that:  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" in (y) above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
 
(ii)   an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority 
to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero. 
 
3.1.3.3 Notwithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Fiduciary on the Postponed 
Scheduled Maturity Date pursuant to Conditions  3.1.3.1 and 3.1.3.2 above, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on such fourth Business Day preceding the 
Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date as a result of liquidating (pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, 
converted if necessary into the Specified Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the fourth Business Day preceding the 
Postponed Scheduled Maturity Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hypothetical Investor under its 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1.3.3: 
 
- all references to the word "fourth" in the provision above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
 
3.2  Substitution 
 
The Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the New Fund) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the 
Fund affected by the event giving rise to the Substitution and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes.

--- Page 481 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
481 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) 
the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Credit Linked Notes" and (ii) the clause "Credit Linked Notes Provisions"  is "Applicable". If 
relevant, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether “Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" of Condition 3 apply. 
 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions may be obtained from the Fiduciary upon request at the address and contact details 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
"*" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Physical Settlement". 
"**" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Cash Settlement". 
 
1. CREDIT EVENT PROVISIONS 
 
1.1 Settlement Method 
 
1.1.1 Physical Settlement  
 
If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
1.1.1.1 If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period 
by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the Noteholders' information, then (i) the Fiduciary will no longer 
be liable for the payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as the case may 
be, and will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of the redemption of each  Note, Deliver or procure 
Delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount to the Noteholders during the Physical Settlement Period, subject to the next following 
paragraphs and the cash settlement provisions hereafter and (ii) the Interest Period(s) and/or the Interest Calculation Amount shall 
be as specified in Condition 1.2 below. 
 
If the Physical Delivery Amount is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations then (i)  the Physical Delivery Amount  of Specified Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to the 
nearest authorised denomination or integral multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero, and (ii) in addition to the Delivery of the Physical 
Delivery Amount, the Fiduciary will pay or procure payment of a cash amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the market 
value of the Specified Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered due to such rounding. 
 
The Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations or,payment of the Cash Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is subject to 
the prior delivery by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant Clearing System for the Noteholders' information, of a Notice of 
Physical Settlement between the Credit Event Determination Date and the Latest Notification Date (both dates inclusive). 
 
1.1.1.2 Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity, the Fiduciary will select the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations. 
 
1.1.1.3 The Fiduciary will not necessarily Deliver all the Specified Deliverable Obligations on the same date and may Deliver Specified 
Deliverable Obligations to different Noteholders on different dates or to the same Noteholder on different dates. 
 
1.1.1.4 The Fiduciary is not obliged to Deliver the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations to each Noteholder and a 
Noteholder may receive various types of Deliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.1.5  If any or all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System, then the 
Fiduciary may, upon prior notice to the Noteholders, arrange: 
 
(A) Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations (if any) that are eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System in the 
relevant Clearing System and Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations that are not eligible for clearance by the relevant 
Clearing System outside the relevant Clearing System; or 
 
(B) Delivery of all the Specified Deliverable Obligations (whether or not those Specified Deliverable Obligations are eligible for 
clearance) outside the relevant Clearing System. 
 
The relevant Clearing System will then be instructed to block and, upon confirmation by the Fiduciary that delivery has taken place, 
cancel the Noteholders' positions in its books and the Principal Paying Agent in turn will cancel the outstanding Notes. If Delivery is 
to take place outside the relevant Clearing System, the Fiduciary shall have to receive the relevant Noteholders' transfer instructions, 
in terms that are satisfactory to the Fiduciary, sufficiently before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date to allow for physical 
settlement, otherwise the cash settlement provisions set out below will apply.

--- Page 482 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
482 
 
1.1.2 Fallback to Cash Settlement 
 
1.1.2.1 If the Notes are Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" but, on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent (acting 
on behalf of the Fiduciary) determines that it is Illegal or Impossible for the Fiduciary to Deliver all or part of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations to all or some of the Noteholders or if the Fiduciary does not receive transfer instructions as described in the last sentence 
of Condition 1.1.1.5 above , then the Calculation Agent will calculate a Cash Redemption Amount  , in respect of such part of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations which are Undeliverable Obligations, and the Fiduciary will, on the Cash Redemption Date , pay or 
procure payment of a Cash Redemption Amount  to the relevant Noteholders in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect 
of the Undeliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.2 The Fiduciary must notify the relevant Noteholders through the relevant Clearing System that there are Undeliverable 
Obligations and the reasons why it is Illegal or Impossible to Deliver such Specified Deliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.3 If, before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Delivery of all of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations is Illegal or Impossible, and it deems in good faith that such Delivery is to remain Illegal or Impossible 
until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent may give notice thereof to the relevant Clearing 
System for the attention of the Noteholders. The Credit Valuation Date will then be the date that is two Business Days after the date 
on which the Calculation Agent delivers such notice to the relevant Clearing System, and the Fiduciary will pay the Noteholders a 
Cash Redemption Amount on the Cash Redemption Date in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the Undeliverable 
Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.4 If Delivery is partially Illegal or Impossible, the Fiduciary may, for each Noteholder Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations 
and pay a Cash Redemption Amount . The Fiduciary shall not be obliged to ensure that each Noteholder receives the same type and 
proportion of Deliverable Obligations and the same proportion of Deliverable Obligations and Cash Redemption Amount  as each 
other Noteholder. 
 
1.1.2.5 If Condition 1.1.2.1 or Condition 1.1.2.3 above applies, the Fiduciary may arrange that all settlements hereunder be made 
outside the relevant Clearing System in the manner described in Condition 1.1.1.5 above provided that the Fiduciary receives transfer 
instructions in terms that are satisfactory to the Fiduciary to allow for such settlements. 
 
1.1.2.6 The Calculation Agent will inform the Noteholders via the relevant Clearing System of the Cash Redemption Amount  by 
sending a Final Valuation Notice. 
 
1.1.3 Cash Settlement 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
1.1.3.1 If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and if a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period 
by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders, then the Fiduciary will no longer be liable for the payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date or on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, and will pay or procure payment of the Cash 
Redemption Amount (or a formula based on the Cash Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Cash 
Redemption Date (subject as specified in Condition 1.1.3.2 below), in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect 
of the redemption of each Note, and (ii) the Interest Period(s) and/or the Interest Calculation Amount shall be as specified in Condition 
1.2 below . The Selected Obligations, the Cash Redemption Amount and the Cash Redemption Date shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in the Final Valuation Notice on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
1.1.3.2 In the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable", if an 
Unsettled Credit Event has occurred, a Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount will be payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date and a 
Residual Cash Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
 
1.1.3.3 For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day 
following the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
1.2 Provisions relating to Interest  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable": 
 
Interest Period means each period from (and including ) an Interest Payment Date to (but excluding ) the next Interest Payment Date; 
provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest Period 
remains subject to the provisions of this Condition 1. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable": 
Interest Period means each period from (and including ) an Interest Observation Date to (but excluding ) the next Interest Observation 
Date; provided however that the first Interest Period begins on the Interest Commencement Date (inclusive) and the last Interest 
Period remains subject to the provisions of this Condition 1.

--- Page 483 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
483 
1.2.1 Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes 
 
1.2.1.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and the clause "Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable under each Note for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Nominal Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the clause « Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event » is stated as being « Guaranteed Coupon » in the applicable Final Terms) and if any (c) the applicable 
Day Count Fraction. 
 
1.2.1.2 If the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is " Applicable" and specify that the 
clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae when the 
reference of the product is included in the clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms, (except that, where 
relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if 
the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon"), or as specified in 
the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Offer Notes. 
 
1.2.1.3 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest"  "Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
The Interest Amount payable under each Note on each Interest Payment Date shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest 
in respect of each Interest Period preceding such Interest Payment Date.  
 
1.2.1.4 The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the provisions of paragraphs (a) to (i) below: 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including  the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to (but excluding ) the Credit Event Determination Date, and the last Interest Payment 
Date will be the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day  falling after the Credit Event Determination 
Date and (ii) the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Credit Event Determination Date to 
the Maturity Date. 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is 
"Applicable": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including , the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to (but excluding ) the earlier of (a) the Credit Event Determination Date and (b) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day  falling 
after the Credit Event Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay 
that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure 
to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Credit Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event 
the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including ) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
(c) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including 
) the Interest Payment Date preceding the Credit Event Determination Date (or from and including , the Interest Commencement Date 
in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the first Interest Payment Date) to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 484 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
484 
(d) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is 
"Applicable": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Interest Payment Date preceding the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or from and including , the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the 
first Interest Payment Date) to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest 
will be payable from (and including ) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
(e) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding ) the Credit Event 
Determination Date, and the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and 
including ) the Credit Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
(f) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event", (ii) "Repudiation/Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" 
and (iii) there is only one Interest Period: 
 
The Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding ) the earlier of (a) the 
Credit Event Determination Date and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
In such event, the Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date. 
 
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied, the Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Credit Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event 
the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including ) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
(g) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, no interest shall accrue nor be payable in respect of the Notes. 
 
(h) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon": 
 
The last Interest Period will end on, (but exclude) the Scheduled Maturity Date and the interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest 
Period on the Specified Denomination in respect of each Note. 
 
(i) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including  the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Observation Date) to (but excluding ) the Credit Event Determination Date, and the last Interest 
Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day  falling after the Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Credit Event 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 485 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
485 
(j) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation /Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is 
"Applicable": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the period from (and including ) the Interest Observation Date immediately preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including  the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Observation Date) to (but excluding ) the earlier of (a) the Credit Event Determination Date and (b) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
In such event, the last Interest Payment Date will be the earlier of the Interest Payment Date following the fourth Business Day  falling 
after the Credit Event Determination Date and the Maturity Date. Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay 
that occurs after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure 
to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Credit Event Determination Date to the Maturity Date. In the event 
the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest will be payable from (and including ) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
(k) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last Interest Payment Date will be the 
Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Interest Observation Date preceding the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or from and including , the Interest Commencement Date in the case of a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurring before the first Interest Observation Date) to the Maturity Date. 
 
(i) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) "Repudiation /Moratorium" or "Grace Period Extension" is 
"Applicable": 
 
The last Interest Period will be the Interest Period (if any) ending on the earlier of (i) the Interest Observation Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date and (ii) the Scheduled Maturity Date. The last Interest Payment Date will be the 
Maturity Date. 
 
Provided that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, (ii) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Maturity Date.  
 
Provided further that, if (i) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the last Interest Payment Date shall be the Maturity Date.  
 
No interest shall accrue nor be payable from (and including ) the Interest Observation Date preceding the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or from and including , the Interest Commencement Date in case of a Credit Event Determination Date occurring before the 
first Interest Observation Date) to the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date, no interest 
will be payable from (and including ) the Scheduled Maturity Date to the Maturity Date. 
 
1.2.2. Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
 
1.2.2.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and the clause "Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
The Fixed Coupon Amount or the Floating Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable under each Note for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the product of (a) the Rate of Interest, (b) the Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount (or the Specified 
Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Final Terms) and if 
any (c) the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
 
1.2.2.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and the clause 
"Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
The Structured Interest Amount (if any) shall be as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae when the 
reference of the product is included in the clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms (except that, where relevant, 
"Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount" in the formula of the Structured

--- Page 486 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
486 
Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed 
Coupon"), or as specified in the clause "Structured Interest Amount(s)" in the applicable Final Terms in the case of Exempt Offer 
Notes. 
 
1.2.2.3 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" or "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable":  
 
The Interest Amount payable under each Note on each Interest Payment Date shall be equal to the aggregate of the Observed Interest 
in respect of each Interest Period preceding such Interest Payment Date.  
 
1.2.2.4 The Interest Payment Date(s) will be the Interest Payment Date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the provisions below 
 
The last (or if there is only one, the only) Interest Period will end on (but exclude ) the earlier of the Maturity Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. The last Interest Payment Date will be the Maturity Date and the Interest Calculation Amount will be as specified in 
paragraphs (a) to (g) below: 
 
 (a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be calculated on the fourth Business Day  preceding the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and be an amount equal to (i) the sum, for each day of such Interest Period, of the Daily Interest 
Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the number of days in such Interest Period.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount 
as of the fourth Business Day  preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 
(c) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount, calculated on the fourth Business Day  preceding the Interest Payment Date equal 
to (i) the sum, for each day of the Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the number of days in the 
Interest Period.  
 
(d) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Not Applicable" and if (i) the clause "Accrual of Interest 
upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event" and (ii) there is only one Interest Period: 
 
The Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount as of the fourth Business Day  
preceding the Interest Payment Date. 
 
(e) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement", if the clause "Observed Interest" 
is "Not Applicable" and if the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon": 
 
Interest shall accrue in respect of each Interest Period on the Specified Denomination in respect of each Note. 
 
(f) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be calculated on the relevant Interest Observation Date and 
be an amount equal to (i) the sum, for each day of such Interest Period, of the Daily Interest Calculation Amount, divided by (ii) the 
number of days in such Interest Period.  
 
(g) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Observed Interest" is "Applicable" and the clause "Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event": 
 
In respect of each Interest Period, the Interest Calculation Amount will be an amount equal to the Daily Interest Calculation Amount 
as of the relevant Interest Observation Date. 
 
1.2.3 Common provisions to Single Name Notes, First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, except in the case of a Guaranteed Coupon, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered to the 
Noteholders, payment of interest on the Notes, or, in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, on the portion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount relating to the relevant Reference Entity, will be deferred until: 
 
(A) if a Credit Event Notice is delivered in relation to the relevant event, the Maturity Date, or in the case of Basket Notes or Tranche 
Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be; or 
 
(B) the date that is 10 Payment Business Days following the publication of a DC No Credit Event Announcement; or

--- Page 487 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
487 
(C) if no DC No Credit Event Announcement is published and no Credit Event Notice is delivered in relation to the relevant event, the 
date that is 100 Business Days + 10 Payment Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (all as defined in 
Condition 2 below). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, (x) should a Credit Event Determination Date occur within an Interest Period but the relevant Credit Event 
Notice is delivered (i) less than four Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and the Fiduciary’s payment instructions 
have already been given in respect of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, or (ii) during a subsequent Interest Period 
and the Fiduciary has paid an amount of interest prior to such delivery in excess of the amount due in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 1.2, then the Fiduciary may deduct the amount of overpaid interest from (i) the next interest amount(s) (if any) due 
under the Notes (only in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes), and/or (ii) the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash 
Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be), whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being in 
each case floored at zero); and (y) if payment of interest is deferred following the delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, no 
additional interest will be payable on the Suspended Amounts for the period of the deferral. 
 
1.3 Credit Event Notice after Restructuring  
 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring in the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, if M(M)R Restructuring is applicable, the following provisions apply: 
 
1.3.1  Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
1.3.1.1 the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount ( the Partial Redemption Amount ) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of each Note 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 
shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount , only and each such Note shall be redeemed  in part (such redeemed 
part  being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount ) (and for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of the Principal 
Credit Factor on the redemption amount); 
 
1.3.1.2 for the avoidance of doubt (i) the Nominal Amount of each such Note not so redeemed  in part shall remain outstanding and, 
if applicable, interest shall accrue on the Nominal Amount outstanding of such Note as provided in the applicable Final Terms (adjusted 
in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate) and (ii) the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 shall 
apply to such Nominal Amount outstanding of such Note in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect 
of a Reference Entity; and 
 
1.3.1.3 on redemption  of part of each Note, the relevant Note or, if the  Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, 
shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption . 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Note in respect of which no Credit Event Notice has been 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period (and, if applicable, no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date), will be redeemed  on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is stated as being "European Settlement": 
 
1.3.1.4 the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount ( the Partial Redemption Amount ) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of  each Note 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 
shall apply to the Partial Redemption Amount ; and 
 
1.3.1.5 for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Condition 1.1 or Condition 1.2 shall apply to the Nominal Amount of  each Note 
outstanding after reduction by such Partial Redemption Amount , in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in 
respect of a Reference Entity. 
 
1.3.2 Basket Notes and Tranche Notes 
 
(a) The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice 
setting forth an amount (the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount) that is less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
relevant Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of 
Condition 1.1.3 shall apply to the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount instead of the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
 
(b) For the avoidance of doubt, following such Restructuring, the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes shall apply in respect of the relevant Reference Entity with such Reference Entity's Reference Entity Weighting being reduced 
by the ratio of the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount divided by the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. In the event of the 
occurrence of further Restructurings with respect to such Reference Entity, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount will be 
further reduced by the relevant Partial Restructuring Notional Amount. 
 
1.4 Multiple Successors

--- Page 488 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
488 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name Notes" and if "Multiple 
Successor(s)" is "Applicable" the following provisions shall apply: 
 
Where, pursuant to the definition of Successor (see Condition 2 below), more than one Successor has been identified, each such 
Successor (a Multiple Successor) shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but only in respect of a principal 
amount of each Note equal to the Nominal Amount divided by the number of Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (the 
Multiple Successor Notional Amount) as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the 
effect of the Principal Credit Factor on the redemption amount). Where Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (each, a Sub-
Multiple Successor) have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity (an Original Multiple Successor) that is itself a Multiple 
Successor, each such Sub-Multiple Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but the Multiple 
Successor Notional Amount in respect of a Sub-Multiple Successor shall be equal to the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in 
respect of such Original Multiple Successor divided by the number of Sub-Multiple Successors to such Original Multiple Successor. 
Following the delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, in respect of a Multiple Successor, the Notes will not be redeemed , in whole but an amount shall be 
deliverable or, as the case may be, payable in respect of each Note (an Instalment Amount) which amount shall be determined in 
the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Physical Delivery Amount or Cash Redemption Amount that would otherwise have been 
determined in respect of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a principal 
amount of each Note equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. The date of delivery or payment, as the case 
may be, of any such Instalment Amount (an Instalment Date) shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the 
Physical Settlement Date or Cash Redemption Date, that would otherwise have been determined in respect of such a Credit Event in 
relation to the original Reference Entity.  
 
The provisions of Condition 1.2 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to determine the amount of interest that would otherwise have been 
determined following the occurrence of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect 
of a principal amount of each Note equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only.  
 
More than one Instalment Amount may be delivered or payable on the same day in respect of different Multiple Successors, but not 
more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered in relation to a single Multiple Successor unless a Restructuring occurs in relation 
to a Multiple Successor, in which case the provisions of Condition 1.3 will apply in respect of each such Multiple Successor. Upon the 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the identity of Multiple Successors, the Calculation Agent shall determine the modifications 
required to be made to these Conditions and any other related documents, to preserve substantially the economic effect for a 
Noteholder of a holding of the Notes and the Fiduciary shall use its reasonable endeavours to effect such modifications. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
Following delivery or payment of an Instalment Amount in respect of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding 
Nominal Amount of each Note shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of such principal amount so redeemed and, if 
applicable, interest on each Note shall accrue on the reduced Nominal Amount of each Note from the date on which it would otherwise 
have ceased to accrue following delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information in relation to the original Reference Entity. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Note shall be 
correspondingly reduced by the proportion of such principal amount and, if applicable, interest on each Note shall accrue on the 
reduced Nominal Amount of each Note from the date on which it would otherwise have ceased to accrue following delivery of a Credit 
Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information in 
relation to the original Reference Entity.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Single Name Notes" and if the clause "Multiple 
Successor(s)" is "Not Applicable" the following provisions shall apply: 
 
(a) In case of Secured Notes,  
 
 If “Type of Notes” is “Secured Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, should more than one Successor succeed to the Reference Entity 
and a Credit Event occurs in respect of any one of them, the Notes will be redeemed in whole in accordance with the "Settlement 
Method" specified in the applicable Final Terms, as if the Type of Credit Linked Notes was specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 1.4 will not apply to First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes. 
 
(b) In case of Repack Notes,  
 
If “Type of Notes” is “Repack Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
Should (i) more than one Successor succeeds to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect of one of them, or should (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a Credit 
Event the Credit Event Notice specifies a Partial Redemption Amount that is less than the Specified Denomination,

--- Page 489 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
489 
then, the Notes will be redeemed in whole in accordance with the applicable Settlement Method and the Fiduciary will pay an Early 
Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
1.5 Notification of Potential Failure to Pay  
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Failure to Pay, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Fiduciary, or any entity acting 
on its behalf, shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practical of such occurrence, 
pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
1.6 Partial Redemption and Further Issues  
 
Following any partial redemption of the Note (pursuant to Condition 6 of the General Terms and Conditions)  or any further issue 
(pursuant to Condition 14 of the General Terms and Conditions), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the ratio of (i) the 
number of Notes in circulation after such partial redemption, or further issue divided by (ii) the number of Notes in circulation just 
before such partial redemption, or further issue: 
 
(A) for Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount ; 
 
(B) for Basket Notes which are not Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount , (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount 
and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount;   
 
(C) for Tranche Notes, (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount , (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount, (iii) the Aggregate Loss 
Amount, (iv) the Tranche Notional Amount and (v) the Tranche Subordination Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount the calculation of which depends on the above amounts will be re-calculated 
accordingly. 
 
1.7 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or 
any of its Affiliates, Consequences and Monetisation until the Maturity Date 
 
1.7.1 Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes 
 
1.7.2 Change in Law 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
1.7.3 Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-
Default Notes or Basket Notes, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or (ii) a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges 
into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its 
Affiliates and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
 
1.7.4 Consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the fourth Business Day before the Maturity Date of a 
Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, or a Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any 
of its Affiliates, then the Calculation Agent may decide, to either: 
 
(A) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event).  
 
Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Credit Linked Notes and shall pay 
or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms 
and Conditions; or 
 
(B) if the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law and/or Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates is applicable to one or several affected Reference Entities (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)), replace the 
Affected Reference Entity(ies) by a new reference entity (or new reference entities, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) a 
Similar Reference Entity; or 
 
(C) apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
 
(D) deduct:

--- Page 490 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
490 
(i) from the Interest Amount (if any) due under the  Notes on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the Reduction 
Amount); PROVIDED THAT if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest 
Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of each Note is greater than the Interest Amount due under each Note (prior to the deduction 
of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount will be reduced to zero and the difference between the 
Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount) will be deducted from the Interest Amount 
due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in whole or 
in part on the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount will be deducted from the Optional 
Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final 
Redemption Amount (or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be), whichever comes first (the 
reduction of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
 
(ii) in the absence of any Interest Amount under the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any), due under the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date (if any), 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes first, 
and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount (or Cash Redemption Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case 
may be) due on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the 
result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
 
Following the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law or a Merger of a Reference Entity 
and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Fiduciary, which shall in its turn notify the 
Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the relevant adjustment 
made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the 
Noteholders upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Similar Reference Entity means a reference entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent credit risk (if no 
Rating is available), and to the extent possible as secondary criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity. For the purposes of 
this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s France S.A.S, S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in 
respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
 
1.8 Additional provisions relating to certain specific Reference Entities 
 
1.8.1 Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Argentine Republic" 
 
If "Argentine Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to June 
1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus Supplement of the Republic of 
Argentina dated January 10, 2005, (  available on the website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf ) as the same may be 
amended or supplemented)) shall not be considered as an Obligation.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus 
Supplement 
of 
the 
Republic 
of 
Argentina 
dated 
January 
10, 
2005, 
( 
 
available 
on 
the 
website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf ) as the same may be amended 
or supplemented)) shall not be considered as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*.  
 
1.8.2 Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Hellenic Republic" 
 
If "Hellenic Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is of a type included in Borrowed Money 
obligation Category and that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be considered as 
an Obligation.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond or a Loan that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to February 1, 2012 shall not be an considered as a 
[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*.  
 
1.8.3 Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Republic of Hungary"

--- Page 491 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
491 
If "Republic of Hungary" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2, "Obligation" shall also include any National Bank of Hungary Obligation 
for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms where:  
 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor, 
 
(i) which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" 
shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified;  
 
(ii) which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary;  
 
(iii) which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; and 
 
(iv) in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any obligation of the Republic 
of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any 
other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such default), 
immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, ["Deliverable Obligation"]** 
["Selected Obligation"]* shall also include any [National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected 
Obligation]* for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms where:  
 
[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation]* means  any obligation of 
the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor, 
 
(i) which has the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* "Not Subordinated", where solely for 
such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity 
and no Reference Obligation has been specified; 
 
(ii) which is described by the [Deliverable Obligation Category]** [Selected Obligation Category]* specified in respect of the Republic 
of Hungary;  
 
(iii) which has each of the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation Characteristics]* specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; and  
 
(iv) in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any obligation(s) of the 
Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money, to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject 
to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such 
default), immediately due and payable, pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation. 
 
Event of Default means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or guarantor of the relevant obligation, to 
make, when due any payment of principal or premium or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation.  
 
For the purposes only of construing the terms "National Bank of Hungary Obligation", "National Bank of Hungary Deliverable 
Obligation" and "National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation", the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider or a 
Relevant Guarantee) shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity. 
 
1.8.4 Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Russian Federation" or 
"Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company" 
 
If "Russian Federation" or “Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company” is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, 
the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
Unless and until the “Restricted Period” has ended, notwithstanding the definition of “Obligation” in Condition 2 below, any obligation 
that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, “Restricted Debt “shall be an “Excluded Obligation” as defined in Condition 2 
below. 
 
Unless and until the “Restricted Period” has ended, notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected 
Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, “Restricted Debt “shall be an 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” as defined in Condition 2 below. 
 
The Calculation Agent may determine whether the Restricted Period has ended in respect of any Covered Reference Entity. 
 
Covered Reference Entity means "Russian Federation" (this includes any government ministry, agency or instrumentality of the 
Russian Federation, including the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation) and “Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company”.

--- Page 492 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
492 
Relevant Sanctions means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or other similar prohibitions or restrictions on 
activity pursuant to any laws, regulations, orders or licenses imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by a Sanctions 
Authority. In respect of the European Union, the Relevant Sanctions are limited to those imposed by the European Union itself and 
not sanctions imposed by an individual member state. 
 
Restricted Debt means any debt that is issued or incurred on or after the Restricted Debt Start Date of the applicable Covered 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, Restricted Debt 
includes any Reference Obligation in respect of the applicable Covered Reference Entity that is issued or incurred on or after the 
Restricted Debt Start Date in respect of such Covered Reference Entity. 
 
Restricted Debt End Date means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the first day on which no Relevant Sanctions on 
Secondary Trading apply in respect of debt issued or incurred by the applicable Covered Reference Entity on or after the Restricted 
Debt Start Date. 
 
Restricted Debt Start Date means February 24, 2022. 
 
Restricted Period means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the period from, and including, the Restricted Debt Start Date 
to, but excluding, the Restricted Debt End Date. 
 
Sanctions Authority means any authority responsible for the imposition, administration and/or enforcement of sanctions in Canada, 
the European Union, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. 
 
Secondary Trading means the purchase, sale or dealing in debt issued or incurred by the applicable Covered Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (other than such activities that occur solely within the primary market at the 
time the debt is issued or incurred). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, the reference to debt includes a LPN (as defined in 
Condition 2 below) issued for the purpose of providing finance to the Covered Reference Entity (whether by way of deposit, loan, or 
another form of Borrowed Money instrument). 
 
1.8.5 Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "STMicroelectronics N.V." 
 
If "STMicroelectronics N.V." is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with 
respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
1.8.5.1 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 
2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Selected Obligation and such Selected Obligation is not immediately due and payable 
as of the relevant Credit Valuation Date, for the purpose of determining the Quotation Amount of such Selected Obligation, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Selected Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity date 
of such Selected Obligation. 
 
1.8.5.2 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 
2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Specified Deliverable Obligation and such Specified Deliverable Obligation is not 
immediately due and payable as of the date where such Specified Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Specified Deliverable Obligation, shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity date of such 
Specified Deliverable Obligation. 
 
1.8.6. Additional Provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Republic of Ukraine” 
 
If "Republic of Ukraine" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to 
November 1, 2015 shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond that was issued on or prior to November 1, 2015 shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected 
Obligation"]*. 
 
1.8.7 Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities 
 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or an Underlying Obligor is a "Covered Reference Entity" (as defined below), the 
following provisions will apply: 
  
1.8.7.1 Covered Reference Entity means: 
 
(a) República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Venezuela);

--- Page 493 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
493 
(b) Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PdVSA); 
 
(c) any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela and PdVSA; and 
 
(d) any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to in Condition 1.8.7.1(a) to (c) above. 
 
1.8.7.2 Order means the Executive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017 “Imposing Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation in 
Venezuela” or subsequent executive order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by the United States Office of Foreign 
Asset Control (OFAC) imposing a sanction on debt of a Covered Reference Entity (an Order). 
 
1.8.7.3  Subject to Condition 1.8.7.4 below, Restricted Debt means: 
 
(a)    debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 days of PdVSA; 
 
(b)    debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 days of a Covered Reference Entity, other 
than debt of PdVSA covered by Condition 1.8.7.3(a) herein; 
 
(c)    bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
 
(d)    any other debt that is covered by an Order. 
  
1.8.7.4 Any debt that would be Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.8.7.3 above shall not be Restricted Debt if it is: 
 
(a)    subject to an exception to an Order, by license, FAQ or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
 
(b)    specified in OFAC’s General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related to, Provision of Financing for, and Other 
Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
 
1.8.7.5 Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the 
definition of “Obligation” in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
 
1.8.7.6 Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the 
definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]*, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an ["Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
 
1.8.7.7 A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine whether any debt is subject to an exception to the definition 
of Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.8.7.4(a) above or whether all sanctions have been lifted pursuant to Conditions 1.8.7.5 and 
1.8.7.6 above.” 
 
1.8.8. Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer"  
 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer" (as defined below), then the following provisions will apply 
with respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
1.8.8.1 Specific Definitions  
 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document published by ISDA on August 31, 
2010 which Current Reference Entity Name (as such term is defined in this document) is ACA Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac 
Assurance Corporation, Assured Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, Financial Guaranty Insurance 
Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee 
Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list in (i) above by any document published by ISDA which would 
modify and/or cancel and replace the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document. 
 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity 
irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money 
(modified as set forth below) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the 
obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the 
payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
particular for the purpose of the determination of Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* in Condition 1.8.8.2 
below, the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or 
prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a 
specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of 
both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in Condition 1.8.8.4 
below and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption 
premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy).

--- Page 494 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
494 
 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
 
1.8.8.2 Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
 
For the purposes of subparagraph (A) of the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below and subparagraph (B) of the definition of 
"[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*" in Condition 2 below, the definition of Relevant Guarantee is amended by adding 
"or Qualifying Policy" after "a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee".  
 
1.8.8.3 Interpretation of Provisions 
 
In the event that an Obligation or a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the second 
part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" in Condition 2 below, starting with "If an Obligation", will apply, with references to the 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured 
Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
 
(i) the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to include 
such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked  Notes in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly;  
 
(ii) references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" in Condition 2 below to the guarantor and 
guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
 
(iii) neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the [Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(iv) if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristics]* are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred 
as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
 
(v) with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term 
"maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]*, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
 
(vi) with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]*, if 
applicable.  
 
1.8.8.4 Outstanding Principal Balance 
 
References in the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 below to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and 
the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. 
Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured 
Instrument shall be disregarded for the purpose of paragraph (ii)(B) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 
below, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues 
to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation 
or reduction. 
 
1.8.8.5 Deliver 
 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 2 below, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means 
to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally 
recognized custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
 
1.8.8.6 Provisions for Determining a Successor 
 
Sub-sections (A), (D) and (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 below are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Sub-section (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 below is 
amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
 
1.8.8.7 Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event

--- Page 495 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
495 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" in 
Condition 2 below are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
 
1.8.8.8 Restructuring 
 
(a) With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a 
Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, part (A)(1) to (5) in the definition of "Restructuring" of Condition 2 below is amended to read as 
follows: 
 
(1) a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(2) a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(3) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of 
the definition of "Instrument Payment", in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy;  
 
(4) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (A) any Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (B) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued 
by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that 
results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
 
(5) any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and 
any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
 
(b) Subparagraph (B)(4) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: 
 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority or a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which 
the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is 
not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy". 
 
(c) Paragraphs (C), (D) and (E) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below are deleted in their entirety and replaced by 
the following:  
 
"(C)    For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
(D)    If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) 
above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(E)    For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying 
Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Insured 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.  
 
(F)    Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (E) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a 
Multiple Holder Obligation." 
 
1.8.8.9 Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument 
must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer

--- Page 496 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
496 
of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References 
in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer 
and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in the definitions of "Mod R", "Mod Mod R" and "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date" in Condition 2 below, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
 
1.8.8.10 Other Provisions 
 
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Condition 2 below, references to the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. Any 
transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Fiduciary or Societe Generale in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy 
and payable to the Reference Entity in respect thereof shall be deducted from the [Physical Delivery Amount]**  [Cash Redemption 
Amount]* , equally on the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash Redemption Date]* .  
 
1.8.9 Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
"2014 CoCo Supplement " is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a 
Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
1.8.9.1 Additional definitions 
 
Condition 2 below is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
 
CoCo Provision means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the 
amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital 
Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
 
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is 
specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
 
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect 
from time to time. 
 
1.8.9.2 Other Provisions 
 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for all purposes under these Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.   
 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention within the meaning of Condition 2 below. 
 
1.8.10 Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
"No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a 
Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond nor Prior Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, exists with respect to such 
Reference Entity (even if such a Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation, as per Condition 2 below, has been 
published by ISDA or specified by the Calculation Agent), and, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
 
1.8.11 Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
"Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect 
to a Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
1.8.11.1 Additional definitions 
 
Condition 2 below is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior 
Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to such Reference Entity. A Senior Non-Preferred 
Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 2 below.

--- Page 497 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
497 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is Subordinated (as defined in Condition 2 
below) only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined in Condition 2 
below. 
 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means (without limitation), in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation, (i) Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of Condition 2 below. 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of 
Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced 
from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
 
Subordination means as defined in Condition 2 below and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without 
regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as 
senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 
 
1.8.11.2 Other provisions 
 
Paragraph (a) of the definition "Reference Obligation" in Condition 2 below is amended by adding “provided that, irrespective of any 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to 
constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity 
is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be 
deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Reference Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation” after “if any”. 
 
The definition "Seniority Level" in Condition 2 below is deleted and replaced with the following wording: “Seniority Level” means 
Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
 
1.9 No Frustration 
 
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Fiduciary’s obligations under the Notes will not be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
 
(a) a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Issue Date; and/or 
 
(b) Obligations, [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations or Reference Obligations do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Issue Date. 
 
1.10 Timing 
 
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine the day on which an event 
occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, 
then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective 
of the time zone of its place of payment. 
 
1.11 Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension at the option of the Fiduciary  
 
1.11.1 Specific Definitions 
 
Reference Entities Switch means, with respect to the Reference Portfolio comprising a given Markit index components as Reference 
Entity(ies) as described in “Annex for Credit Linked Notes”  of the applicable Final Terms (the initial Reference Portfolio), the 
replacement of any components of the initial Reference Portfolio by the components of the Amended Reference Portfolio, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Amended Reference Portfolio means the portfolio comprising the Reference Entities, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
following the occurrence of the Reference Entities Switch, provided that the Amended Reference Portfolio shall always refer to the 
same Markit index family (but a different Serie) than the initial Reference Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 498 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
498 
Maturity Extension means the extension, if any, of the Maturity Date or Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, specified in 
the applicable Final terms (respectively the initial Maturity Date or the initial Scheduled Maturity Date) by up to 7 calendar months 
(respectively the  
 
Amended Maturity Date or the Amended Scheduled Maturity Date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.11.2 Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension  
 
With respect to Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity 
Extension at the option of the Fiduciary”  is “Applicable” the Notes are subject to, from and including the Issue Date to and including 
the day falling 1 calendar year after the Issue Date, (i) Reference Entities Switch and/or (ii) Maturity Extension, at the option of the 
Fiduciary, upon giving notice to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions 
pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date for the Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension). 
 
If a Notice of Pending Credit Event or a Credit Event Notice, in respect of the initial Reference Portfolio, has been delivered prior to, 
or is delivered to the Noteholders on the same day as, or after, any such notice of Reference Entities Switch and/or Maturity Extension, 
the latter will prevail and any previously delivered Notice of Pending Credit Event or Credit Event Notice shall be deemed to be void 
and of no effect. 
 
A revised Reference Entity, Amended Reference Portfolio, Amended Maturity Date or Amended Scheduled Maturity Date (as the 
case may be) will be deemed a Reference Entity, Reference Portfolio, Maturity Date or Scheduled Maturity Date respectively. 
 
1.12 Amendments to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
The Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, from time to time amend any provision of 
these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and/or the applicable Final Terms (i) to incorporate and/or reflect 
and/or take account of (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to credit 
derivative transactions which may, without limitation, relate to one or more Reference Entities or Reference Entity types and/or the 
settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by any Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines is necessary or desirable (including from the perspective of Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) 
to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivatives transactions and/or to eliminate or account for any provisions of the 
Hedge Positions with the aim of ensuring no mismatch or discrepancy between rights and obligations under the Hedge Positions and 
under the Notes. Such amendments may include, without limitation, varying any date or timing or procedures provided for in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and/or the applicable Final Terms. PROVIDED THAT, subject as set out in 
the next paragraph of this Condition 1.12 such amendments may not include changes to the currency of the Notes, the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Notes or the Maturity Date of the Notes. 
 
In the event that such amendments lead to a revised Reference Entity then a Credit Event may be triggered on such revised Reference 
Entity and the consequential provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes will apply in the usual 
manner.  
 
Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph will be notified to Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 13 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
2. DEFINITIONS  
 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event means, No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event or Accrued Interest upon Credit Event or 
Guaranteed Coupon as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Accrued Interest upon Credit Event means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Accrued Interest upon Credit Event". 
 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an LPN) by an entity (the LPN Issuer) for the sole 
purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (A) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan); or (B) provide 
finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the Underlying Finance Instrument); 
provided that, (i) either (a) in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the 
Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; or (b) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance 
Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not 
Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or Selected 
Obligation Characteristics (as applicable): Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currency- Standard Specified Currencies, Not 
Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs.

--- Page 499 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
499 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, 
as of the Issue Date, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or as stipulated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any 
entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time: 
 
(a) for a Basket Note that is not a Tranche Note, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; or 
 
(b) for a Tranche Note, the lowest of: 
 
(i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and 
 
(ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
 
American Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"American Settlement". 
 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent fee), right and/or other 
asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party 
(or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference to an appropriate 
specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or retained by a 
Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of 
Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the 
Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
 
(a) (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Governmental Intervention or (ii) if Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention, a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation; and 
 
(b) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring,  
 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice. 
 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior 
to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any 
Hedge Position, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower 
if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Assignable 
Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category. 
 
Attachment Point means in respect of Tranche Notes, the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Auction Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
the Final Value will be determined by reference to the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 500 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
500 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day and that is the later of: 
 
(1) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date); or 
 
(2) the day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in relation to Basket Notes and 
to Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date if a Credit Event Notice is delivered on or before the relevant 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; or 
 
(3) where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default 
Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if: 
 
(i) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
 
(ii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(iii) such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; and 
 
(iv) no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior to such fourth Payment 
Business Day; and 
 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Grace Period Extension Date, if: 
 
(i) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
 
(ii) such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; and 
 
(iii) no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to such fourth Payment Business Day; 
or 
 
(4) where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of First-to-Default Notes, 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if: 
 
(i) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
 
(ii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium  falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date; and 
 
(iv) a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior the day that is four Payment 
Business Days  following such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if 
 
(i) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
 
(ii) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the Potential Failure to Pay falls after the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Date; and 
 
(iii) a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to the day that is four Payment Business 
Days following such Grace Period Extension Date. 
 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the Scheduled 
Automatic Early Redemption Date (or, where applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days  following (a) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension 
Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay) and is still effective on the Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date (or,

--- Page 501 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
501 
where applicable, on the day that is four Payment Business Days  following (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating 
to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to 
Pay), the Automatic Early Redemption Date will be either the date on which the Suspended Amounts are paid to the Noteholders or, 
if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the day that is four Payment Business 
Days  following the related Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
 
(a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(c) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(e) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
 
(g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; 
or 
 
(h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
 
Basket Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on several Reference Entities for which the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is "Basket Notes". 
 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a 
bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money. 
 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
 
Business Day means, the days specified in the applicable Final Terms [and solely for the purposes of physical settlement, if 
applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which a bank must be open in order to effect settlement of any Deliverable Obligations 
being Delivered]**. 
 
Cash Redemption Amount means : 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
In respect of each Note for which physical settlement is partially or totally Illegal or Impossible, an amount equal to the sum of each 
Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation; or 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
(1) In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are 
both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value multiplied by the Nominal 
Amount of each Note, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date ; or  
 
(2) In respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is 
different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the 
Nominal Amount of each Note, minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Note, (b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the 
difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination 
Date; or

--- Page 502 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
502 
 
(3) In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 
100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all 
Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date; or 
 
(4) In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 
100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Note to the product of (i) the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the 
difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the 
Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount and (y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit 
Event Determination Dates, as at the Maturity Date. 
 
Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation means, in respect of one Note and an Undeliverable Obligation, the 
product of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation and (ii) 
the final price of such Undeliverable Obligation determined in accordance with the Quotation Dealers Method (save as provided 
below), divided by the number of Notes in respect of which there are such Undeliverable Obligation.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where Illegal or Impossible is due to the inability to purchase the Specified Deliverable Obligations despite 
the Fiduciary's reasonable efforts, the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation will be determined in accordance with the Auction 
Method. If no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or prior to the Credit Valuation Date, such final price will be 
deemed to be zero. 
 
Cash Redemption Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
The day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in relation to Basket Notes and to 
Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement":  
 
The later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business Days  following the Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
Cash Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Cash Settlement". 
 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means: 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
A Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and 
in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms 
of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation. 
 
Where Mod Mod R applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not 
a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the 
Physical Settlement Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the cash settlement provisions described in 
Condition 1 above shall apply. 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":  
A Selected Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible 
Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Selected Obligation other than Bonds and in each 
case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a Selected 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or 
the guarantor, if any, of a Selected Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Selected Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of 
such Selected Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification 
of novation, assignment or transfer of a Selected Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent for a Selected Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation.

--- Page 503 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
503 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in 
accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*. 
 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Consent Required Loan is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans (and shall only be relevant if 
Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category). 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes 
of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event and the 
establishment of the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) in connection with "Credit Derivative Transactions" as more fully 
described in the DC Rules. 
 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence during the period 
from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date of one or more of 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
 
(a) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying 
Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
 
(b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any 
Underlying Obligation, however described; 
 
(c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
 
(d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
A Credit Event need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to a Credit Event, the date specified in the related Credit Event Notice, which 
date will be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (a) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such Credit 
Event; (b) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including 
without limitation, by reference to Hedge Positions; or (c) if no such date is specified, the date the Credit Event Notice is delivered. 
 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the 
Fiduciary to the Noteholders that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or prior to the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A Credit 
Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has occurred. 
The Credit Event that is the subject of a Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. Unless 
Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as publicly announced by the 
DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question.  
 
Credit Linked Note means a Note in respect of which these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes and the Credit 
Linked Notes Provisions in the applicable Final Terms apply.  
 
Credit Valuation Date means: 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed 
Recovery": 
 
The date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Noteholders. 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":

--- Page 504 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
504 
The date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, subject, as the case may be, to Condition 
1.1.2.3. PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit 
Valuation Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen (15) Business 
Days' period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine such final price. 
 
(c) If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is "Floating 
Recovery": 
 
(1) If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Method, the auction date or any other date specified by the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; or 
 
(2) If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Dealers Method, the Calculation Agent will select a date that is on or 
before the 160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), 
 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at the latest on the Original Credit Valuation Date, 
the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen Business Day period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, 
on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Final Value, 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day following 
the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Daily Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of any day during an Interest Period , the product of: 
 
(a) The Interest Credit Factor; and 
 
(b) Either: 
 
(1) If the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Notes (which are not Tranche Notes) and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest Recovery":  
 
An amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the sum of (a) the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to such day, of the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity and (ii) 1 (one) minus the product of (x) the Interest Loss Factor and (y) the difference between the Reference Price 
and the Interest Recovery Rate, and (b) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts of all the Reference Entities in respect of 
which no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to such day.  
 
(2) If the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Notes or Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Interest 
Recovery" is "Floating Interest Recovery":   
 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the product of the Interest Loss Factor and 
the Aggregate Loss Amount, provided that any Loss Amount that has not been determined on or before such day, shall be deemed 
to be equal to the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. The difference between the Interest that would have been payable if 
the Loss Amount had been determined on such date and the Interest actually paid shall be payable following the determination of 
such Loss Amount and paid either on the first Interest Payment Date after the fourth Business Day  following the Credit Valuation 
Date, or if, such determination occurs after the last Interest Payment Date, on the fourth Payment Business Day following the 
corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
(3) If the Notes are Tranche Notes and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Interest Recovery" is "Fixed Interest 
Recovery":  
 
an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus an amount equal to the product of the 
Interest Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount that would be calculated if the Final Value for all Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred was deemed to be equal to the Interest Recovery Rate. 
 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with 
respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event 
Question. 
 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question 
does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.

--- Page 505 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
505 
 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.   
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case its equivalent 
in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or 
sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Specified Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Specified Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Noteholder or Noteholders free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances 
(excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (A) to (D) of the definition of 
Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) provided that if a Specified 
Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further 
that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery 
shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for 
Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by 
Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it 
corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above paragraph of this definition of Deliver shall be 
deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a 
Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable (or equivalent amount in the Specified Currency of the Notes) of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond otherwise due shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Notice of 
Physical Settlement is delivered to Noteholders, (iv) the Fiduciary may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion, and (v) if 
the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash 
equal to the Asset Market Value. 
 
Deliverable Obligation means any of: 
 
(a) the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
 
(b) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Deliverable Obligations); 
 
(c) solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation: and 
 
(d) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign), 
 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (d) above of this definition, 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the definition 
of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Deliverable Obligation 
would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions 
in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
 
Where a Specified Deliverable Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the Notes, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Specified Currency equivalent of  Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as the case 
may be, in respect of that Specified Deliverable Obligation for the purpose of calculating the Physical Delivery Amount determined by 
reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source 
selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement is effective (or, if the Notice of Physical 
Settlement is changed on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the date on which notice of the last such change is effective) or, if

--- Page 506 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
506 
the cash settlement provisions apply, on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
shall be applicable. 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified  Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum 
Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail 
to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest means: 
 
(a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless 
"Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine); or 
 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and: 
 
(i) "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
 
(ii) "Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
 
(iii) neither "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the relevant Selected Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
 
Detachment Point means in respect of Tranche Notes the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any successor currency thereto (or if 
no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign). 
 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, 
more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the obligation whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups 
and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the 
terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
 
Eligible Transferee means:

--- Page 507 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
507 
(a) any (i) bank or other financial institution; (ii) insurance or reinsurance company; (iii) mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective 
investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in paragraph (c) (i) below); and (iv) registered or licensed broker or dealer (other 
than a natural person or proprietorship); provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
 
(b) an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding paragraph (a); 
 
(c) each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: (i) that is an investment vehicle (including, 
without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) 
that (1) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; (ii) that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
or (iii) the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit 
or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
 
(d) (1) any Sovereign; (2) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
 
All references in this definition of Eligible Transferee to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
European Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"European Settlement". 
 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b) any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and 
 
(c) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event.  
 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes constitute a Senior 
Transaction in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring 
has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
 
(c) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes constitute a 
Subordinated Transaction in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention 
or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation.  
 
Excluded Selected Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(a) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b) any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and 
 
(c) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event.  
 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
 
A.  if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
 
(1) the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date (as specified in 
the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms), if any; or 
 
(2) the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
 
(3) the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any; or 
 
(4) in case sub-sections A.(1) to A.(3) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the Credit Event Determination 
Date; or 
 
(5) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions.

--- Page 508 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
508 
B. if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, and: 
 
(1) the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
 
(2) a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 14 calendar days following such No Auction Announcement Date; or 
 
(3) in case sub-sections B.(1) and B.(2) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the Credit Event Determination 
Date; or 
 
(4) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions.  
 
Extension Date means the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day following the Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date, or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, the date that is 110 Business Days following the 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement. 
 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure. 
 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure 
to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
 
Fallback Settlement Event means: 
 
(a) a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of the definition thereof;  
 
(b) an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; or 
 
(c) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs. 
 
A Fallback Settlement Event may occur on any date from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the 
160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
 
Final Price means, in respect of a [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation a quotation (expressed as a percentage) of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation, obtained from 
Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. 
 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market of the relevant [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation or such other location as selected 
by the Calculation Agent.  
 
To such end: 
 
A. If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations with the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations will be disregarded). 
 
B. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly three Full Quotations on the Credit 
Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
will be disregarded). 
 
C. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly two Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation 
Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations. 
 
D. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two Full Quotations, but obtains a Weighted Average Quotation on the Credit Valuation 
Date, the Final Price will be such Weighted Average Quotation.

--- Page 509 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
509 
E. If the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than two Full Quotations and no Weighted Average Quotation on the Credit Valuation Date, 
then the Final Price will be an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which the Calculation 
Agent obtains two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day following the 
Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be deemed to be  zero. 
 
Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
 
A. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
(1) except if the Final Value is specified as Fixed Recovery in the applicable Final Terms or (assuming Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms are published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date and there is no occurrence of a 
Fallback Settlement Event) if the Final Value is specified as Floating Recovery and Auction Method is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Selected Obligations (with an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, equal to the Exercise  Amount); 
 
(2) the Cash Redemption Amount ; and 
 
(3) the Cash Redemption Date .  
 
B. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" and the provisions of Condition 
1.1.2  apply:  
 
The Cash Redemption Amount per Undeliverable Obligation (if any). 
 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 7th Business Day following 
the Credit Valuation Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Fiduciary to the relevant 
Clearing Systems, for the information of the Noteholders. 
 
Final Value means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, either: 
 
A. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery":  
 
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
B. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery": 
 
(1) If Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and therefore the Final Value is to be determined 
pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 
Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event has occurred, subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, the Auction Final Price (as 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a percentage) determined, if any, under such 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of the Reference Obligation; or  
 
(2) If (i) Auction Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) a Fallback Settlement Event occurs or (y) no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) Quotation 
Dealers Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation 
Date as follows: 
 
(a) the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
 
(b) the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, 
 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected Obligation(s). 
 
First Credit Event Occurrence Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an LPN Interest), which is 
expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such LPN Interest 
(notwithstanding that such LPN Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of 
the LPN Issuer). 
 
First-to-Default Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on two or more Reference Entities, in respect of which the First-to-Default 
Reference Entity will be treated as if it were the sole Reference Entity and for which the Type of Credit Linked Notes is specified as 
"First-to-Default Notes" in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
First-to-Default Reference Entity means the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs and a Credit Event 
Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been sent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 1. 
If the Type of Credit Linked Notes is specified as "First-to-Default Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, the definitions of Obligation

--- Page 510 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
510 
or [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* shall be construed as though such definitions had been specified only with respect 
to the First-to-Default Reference Entity. 
 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Reference Entity in respect of 
some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
 
Fixed Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms is specified as 
“Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.”. 
 
Floating Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Notes that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms is specified 
either as “Floating Recovery with Auction Method” or “Floating Recovery with Quotation Dealers Method”. 
 
Full Quotation means, each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or 
capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to Hedge Positions. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition. 
 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
 
Governmental Authority means: 
 
(i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
 
(ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of a Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or  
 
(iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to a Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
 
(i) any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
 
(A) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(B) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(C) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of principal 
or premium; or 
 
(D) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; 
 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity 
is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
 
Grace Period means: 
 
(a) subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred;

--- Page 511 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
511 
(b) if Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or 
prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and thirty 
calendar days or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(c) if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with 
respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not 
so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET2 Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
(b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the date that is the number of 
days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply to 
the Notes. 
 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) means the mean solar time at the Greenwich meridian, in Greenwich, London. 
 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
 
Guaranteed Coupon means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of 
Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon". 
 
Hedge Positions means as defined in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions, provided that for the purposes of these 
Additional Terms and Conditions, Hedge Positions will be deemed to include the Intermediate Hedge Positions and Optional Hedge 
Positions (if any). 
 
Illegal or Impossible means, in respect of the Delivery of any Specified Deliverable Obligations, that it is illegal or impossible for the 
Fiduciary to Deliver or for a Noteholder to take Delivery of all or part of such Specified Deliverable Obligations because of: 
 
A. any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints affecting the Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations (including, 
without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints, the specific terms or conditions of 
the Specified Deliverable Obligations or failure to obtain the relevant consents, including but not limited to the consent of the Reference 
Entity and the guarantor (if any) of the Reference Entity or the consent of the applicable borrower in the case of a Specified Deliverable 
Obligation guaranteed by the Reference Entity); or 
 
B. any event which is beyond the control of the Fiduciary (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant Clearing System, the 
refusal by a Noteholder to take Delivery of any of the Specified Deliverable Obligations, or the inability to purchase the Deliverable 
Obligations despite the Fiduciary's reasonable efforts); or 
 
C. any event which is beyond the control of a Noteholder due to its specific situation. 
 
Interest Calculation Amount means, in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the amount for the purposes of calculating the 
interest payable under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 1. 
 
Interest Credit Factor means100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Loss Factor means100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Observation Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Recovery Rate means in respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, zero per cent. or the percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, the 
package of assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of 
amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest 
Asset Package will be the package of assets with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including (without limitation) any Hedge Positions and the methodology, if any, 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the latest of:

--- Page 512 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
512 
 
(a) the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the 
last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any); and 
 
(c) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are "Applicable" to the relevant Reference 
Entity: 
 
the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the last Grace Period 
Extension Date, if the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date.  
 
Latest Notification Date means the 30th Business Day following the Exercise Cut-off Date provided that it will be no later than the 
180th Business Day after the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means the day that is 60 Business Days after the date on which a Notice of Physical 
Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur on or immediately following 
the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: two and a half years (the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date), five years, seven and a half years, ten years (the 10-year Limitation Date), twelve and a half years, fifteen years, or twenty 
years as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange: 
 
(a) if the Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed 
as though Listed had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; and 
 
(b) if the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
 
Loss Amount means: 
 
(a) In respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Not 
Applicable" 
 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject 
to a minimum of zero. 
 
(b) In respect of Tranche Notes if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable": 
 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
 
(1) which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the 
Reference Price. 
 
(2) which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower than or equal to M: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
 
(3) which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero. 
 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation 
from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Notes each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. For 
the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance 
Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. The definitions of “Substitute Reference Obligation(s)” and 
“Substitution Event” shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations. 
 
M means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking above which the Aggregate Loss 
Amount ceases to increase.

--- Page 513 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
513 
 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
 
A. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
(1) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Maturity Date); or 
 
(2) the [Physical Settlement Date (or the later of the Physical Settlement Date and the Cash Redemption Date if the provisions of 
Condition 1.1.2 above apply)]** [Cash Redemption Date]* if a Credit Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; or 
 
(3) the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the case of First-to-Default 
Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, if: 
 
(i) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
 
(ii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(iii) such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
 
(iv) no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; and 
 
(b) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Notes, 
Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, following the last Grace Period Extension Date if: 
 
(i) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
 
(ii) such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
 
(iii) no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period. 
 
B. If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": the later of the dates set out in 
paragraphs A.(1), A.(2)  and A.(3) above. 
 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and is still effective on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Maturity Date will be either the date on which the Suspended 
Amounts are paid to the Noteholders or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, 
the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Cash Redemption Date]*. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable", with respect to Basket Notes and 
Tranche Notes in relation to which an Unsettled Credit Event exists, a Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount will be paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date in relation to the portion of the Specified Denomination of Notes not affected by the Unsettled Credit Event 
and, (i) if the Retained Amount is equal to zero, the Maturity Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date; or (ii) in all other cases, the 
Maturity Date will be as defined in paragraphs A and B above. 
 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years). 
 
For purposes of the application of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Maximum Maturity, remaining maturity shall 
be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination, 
and in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the 
purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
 
Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the 
date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any applicable Hedge Positions.

--- Page 514 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
514 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is 
made. 
 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with respect to Credit 
Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and 
having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may, by 
reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
 
Mod Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, 
as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, in the case of a Restructured 
Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall 
be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject as set out above, be determined 
on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on 
which such determination is made.  
 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with respect to Credit 
Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and 
having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable.  
 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may, by 
reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is 
held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to 
satisfy the requirement in this part (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder Obligation; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference 
Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" 
or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Multiple Holder Obligation shall be deemed as "Not Applicable" with respect to any 
Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
 
N means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking starting at which the Aggregate 
Loss Amount will be an amount greater than zero. 
 
No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "No Accrued Interest upon Credit Event". 
 
No Auction Announcement Date means with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces 
that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
had Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances 
where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
 
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List and not immediately 
replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation 
unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation for it.

--- Page 515 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
515 
Nominal Amount means in respect of Single Name Notes or First-to-Default Notes, the Specified Denomination of one Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject, as the case may be, to the provisions of Condition 1. 
 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference Obligation. 
 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation on the Substitution Date but for 
one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable) [or, where Selected Obligation 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions]*. 
 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional investors, excluding due to 
market conditions. 
 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial 
markets. 
 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared 
via Clearstream, Euroclear or any other internationally recognised clearing system. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though 
such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided 
that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the relevant obligation was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside 
the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or 
intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity.  
 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms 
shall be construed as though Not Domestic Issuance had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England 
and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any entity or organisation established 
by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not Subordinated to (a) the 
Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference Entity which 
has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging 
European Corporate LPN", this definition shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity. 
 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Extension Date. 
 
Notice of Pending Credit Event means a notice delivered, on a date which is expected to be no later than 10 Business Days following 
the relevant DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, by or on behalf of the Fiduciary that (a) informs the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement and (b) states that payment of amounts due and payable, or deliverable, as 
the case may be, under the Notes, whether in connection with accrued interest or redemption or any amount due under the Credit 
Linked Notes (including the obligation to deliver the Deliverable Assets), shall be suspended (the Suspended Amounts) pending the 
publication of a DC Resolution or as the case may be, a DC No Credit Event Announcement. 
 
PROVIDED THAT:

--- Page 516 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
516 
(a) if a DC Resolution confirming the existence of a Credit Event in relation to the relevant Reference Entity in the period from and 
including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, is published within 100 
Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the 
Fiduciary will deliver or arrange delivery of a Credit Event Notice within 10 Business Days of such publication; 
 
(b) if a DC No Credit Event Announcement in relation to the relevant Reference Entity is published within 100 Business Days following 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Suspended Amounts under 
the Notes shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Noteholders within 10 Payment Business Days of such publication;  
 
(c) if no DC Resolution or DC No Credit Event Announcement is published after 100 Business Days following the DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Notice of Pending Credit Event shall be deemed cancelled and either (i) the Suspended 
Amounts due under the Notes shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Noteholders within 10 Payment Business Days; 
or (ii) the Fiduciary may decide to deliver a Credit Event Notice together with a Notice of Publicly Available Information (if applicable) 
within 10 Business Days.  
 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification Date (included) from or on behalf 
of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders specifying the Specified Deliverable Obligations the Fiduciary reasonably expects to Deliver or 
procure the Delivery of to the Noteholders. The Fiduciary is not bound to Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement. However, it will: (i) to the extent possible, give the Noteholders notice of any subsequent change 
in the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement or of any errors or inconsistencies contained 
therein (the term Specified Deliverable Obligation is deemed to include such change); and (ii) where Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not included in the Notice of Physical Settlement, give the Noteholders 
notice of such detailed description of the Asset Package (if any) that it intends to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of any Specified 
Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement. 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Credit Event Notice or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, 
a notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. 
Unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Obligation means: 
 
(a) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described by the Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or as otherwise determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and 
 
(b) the Reference Obligation(s) (if any), 
 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation.  
 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
 
Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect 
at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy 
such Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have become 
capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
 
Observed Interest means if the Observed Interest option is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
payable under each Note for each Interest Period:

--- Page 517 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
517 
 
(a) in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, for each Interest Period:  
 
(i) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (A) the Rate of Interest, (B) the Nominal Amount (or the Specified 
Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being "Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable 
Final Terms) and if any (C) the applicable Day Count Fraction; and 
 
(ii) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae (except that, where 
relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Nominal Amount" in the formula of the Structured Interest Amount except if 
the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is "Guaranteed Coupon"). 
 
(b) in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, for each Interest Period:  
 
(i) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating Rate Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
Observed Interest shall be an amount equal to the product of (A) the Rate of Interest, (B) the Relevant Proportion of the Interest 
Calculation Amount (or the Specified Denomination if the paragraph "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as being 
"Guaranteed Coupon" in the applicable Final Terms) and if any (C) the applicable Day Count Fraction; and 
 
(ii) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Structured Interest Note Provisions" is "Applicable": 
 
Observed Interest shall be the amount as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae (except that, where 
relevant, "Specified Denomination" will be replaced by "Relevant Proportion of the Interest Calculation Amount " in the formula of the 
Structured Interest Amount except if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is 
"Guaranteed Coupon"). 
 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee and which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard Reference Obligation) which is specified as the Reference 
Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Notes 
(other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristics or "Not 
Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristics) unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation calculated as follows: 
 
(i) first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment obligations and, where 
applicable in accordance with the definition of Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity’s accrued but 
unpaid interest payment obligations which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any; 
 
(ii) second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (A) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in (i) less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and  
 
(iii) third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
 
in each case, determined; 
 
(A) unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to any Hedge Positions; and  
 
(B) with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount 
the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
 
Where "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant 
obligation is, or may become, subject 
 
Where: 
 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect 
of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due 
and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount.

--- Page 518 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
518 
 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under (iii)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-
five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the 
applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser 
of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per 
cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line 
interpolation:  
 
(x)     where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or 
Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard 
to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and  
 
(y)     in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond 
or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation.  
 
In circumstances where a Noteholder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the 
Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst 
each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. 
Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted 
from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
P means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the number of Reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio. 
 
Package Observable Bond means in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as 
such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set 
out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on 
which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable to the relevant Reference Entity 
and for which such Reference Entity would not be an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms). 
 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, 
without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case, its equivalent 
in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity’s payment obligations: 
 
(a) as a result of the application of: 
 
(i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity; 
 
(ii) provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
 
(iii) provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the 
Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
 
(iv) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 519 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
519 
(v) provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(vi) provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from 
the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the 
disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the 
resulting proceeds (any such provisions, "Limited Recourse Provisions") if "Limited Recourse Provisions" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b) which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in 
exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee of such 
Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same 
terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same 
single transferee. 
 
Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Note, Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where 
such Specified Deliverable Obligations are Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable 
Obligations are not Borrowed Money), 
 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: 
 
A x (B – C) 
 
Where: 
 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Redemption Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.3 above) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.4 above); and 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs. 
 
Physical Settlement means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Physical Settlement". 
 
Physical Settlement Date means the date on which the Fiduciary Delivers the Physical Delivery Amount , to the Noteholders, or, if 
the Fiduciary does not Deliver on the same date all the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount 
, the date on which the Fiduciary has completed the Delivery thereof for all the Notes to all the Noteholders. 
 
Physical Settlement Period means the period from and including the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System to and including the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in (i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
 
Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount means, with respect to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes in relation to which an Unsettled 
Credit Event has occurred, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date calculated for each 
Note as an amount equal to the product of (x) the Principal Credit Factor and (y) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between 
(a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount minus the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Retained Amount. 
 
Principal Credit Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Principal Loss Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
 
(a) if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii)) was 
the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation set out in 
paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which 
such Governmental Intervention was legally effective or

--- Page 520 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
520 
(b) if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the Reference Obligation 
(whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable thereto for the purposes of the Notes, (a) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise 
(b) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligation of such Reference Entity. 
 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly available or capable of 
being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in sub-
sections (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying 
Obligor. 
 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice, has occurred and which: 
 
(a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
 
(b) is information received from or published by: 
 
 (1) the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); 
 
(2) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation,  
 
(c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, or 
 
(d) is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA, 
 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the party receiving such information 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (a) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (b) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (c) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events. 
 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events described in both (i) and 
(ii) of the definition thereof.  
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such source is 
specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and 
any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or regulation), pursuant 
to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
 
(i) which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form); or

--- Page 521 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
521 
(ii) pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, 
reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case 
other than: 
 
(a) by payment; 
 
(b) by way of Permitted Transfer; 
 
(c) by operation of law; 
 
(d) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
 
(e) due to: 
 
(A) provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other 
alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at 
the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following 
the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in 
the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes 
that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
 
(i) the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
 
(ii) if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
 
If an Obligation or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
 
(a) For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Category, the Relevant 
Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
 
(b) For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, both the 
Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the 
following list: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, and Not Domestic Law. 
 
(c) For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, only the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
 
(d) For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics to an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation 
of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
 
Quotation Amount means:  
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement", an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (excluding accrued interest), or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Undeliverable 
Obligation. For which purpose, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
Undeliverable Obligation if quotations obtained in respect thereof shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":  
 
(i) in respect of Single Name Notes and First-to-Default Notes, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal 
to the aggregate of the Nominal Amount (or the Partial Redemption Amount , or the Multiple Successor Notional Amount, as 
applicable) (such aggregate amount, the Exercise Amount) for all outstanding Notes if there is only one Selected Obligation; 
otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an amount selected by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Exercise 
Amount  ;or

--- Page 522 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
522 
 
(ii) in respect of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (or the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount, as applicable) (such amount, the Exercise Amount 
), if there is only one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an 
amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such Quotation Amounts be 
subject to a cap equal to the Exercise Amount ; 
 
Provided that in respect of paragraph (b) above the Quotation Amount (or the sum of the Quotation Amounts as the case may be) 
shall be no less than EUR 1 million (or its equivalent in the relevant currency).  
 
Quotation Dealers means at least five leading dealers in obligations of the type of the Undeliverable Obligation(s) or as the case 
may be Selected Obligation(s), which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
 
Quotation Dealers Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the Final Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the definition of Final Price. 
 
Quotation Dealers Method shall apply if “Quotation Dealers Method” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or a Fallback Settlement 
Event occurs or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
 
Ranking means, for Tranche Notes where N-to-M-to-Default is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to 
each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time of occurrence of such 
Credit Event Determination Date amongst all Credit Event Determination Dates, provided that if several Credit Event Determination 
Dates are identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised within the Reference Portfolio, the date on which the relevant 
Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities and if the Credit Event 
Notices have been sent on the same date, the time on which the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to 
determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date occurs will have a Ranking 
of 1. 
 
Reference Entity means, subject to the below, any entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto, 
which may be any firm, company, corporation, any unincorporated association, establishment or other entity, or any equivalent entity, 
a government, state or local authority or agency of a state or of a local authority, or any state-owned or state-controlled entity, any 
partnership, limited or otherwise, any special purpose vehicle (incorporated or otherwise), any category or type of fund (including, 
without limitation, open-end funds, closed-end funds, hedge funds, mutual funds, managed funds or any other collective investment 
scheme, vehicle or organisation), any securitisation company and any broadly equivalent entity of any of the aforementioned entities. 
 
In the case of a Single Name Note or in the case of a First-to-Default Note, a Basket Notes or a Tranche Note where the Reference 
Entity Weighting of any Reference Entity represents 20% or more of all Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio, then, such 
Reference Entity shall have its securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME 
Growth Market. 
 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, for each Reference Entity, the 
amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount.  
 
Reference Entity Weighting means the proportion specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which will be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) the definition of Successor upon the occurrence of a Succession Date or (ii) Condition 1.3.2(b), 
if applicable. 
 
Reference Obligation(s) means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
 
(a) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation(s) will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or 
 
(b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or there is no election specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the 
first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, 
provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
 
provided that, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Reference Obligation(s) means, as of the 
Issue Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth 
on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit 
Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) 
or as stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the Additional LPN definition, and 
each Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified

--- Page 523 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
523 
in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", (i) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes) (in particular, 
notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity), each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation and 
a Deliverable Obligation or a Selected Obligation, (as applicable); (ii) "Standard Reference Obligation" shall be deemed specified as 
"Not Applicable"; and (iii) the provisions in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" shall not apply. 
 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable 
to Reference Obligation Only. 
 
Reference Obligation Only Notes means that (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and [Selected]* 
[Deliverable]** Obligation Category, if applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of First-to-Default Notes, Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, a portfolio comprising all the 
Reference Entities. 
 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, (i) in respect of Tranche 
Notes, an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount  divided by the difference between the Detachment Point and the 
Attachment Point; and (ii) in respect of Basket Notes which are not Tranche Notes, an amount  equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount . 
 
Reference Price means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if not specified, 100%). 
 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, 
immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
 
(i) any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be 
excluded; 
 
(ii) if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be made under paragraph (A) of 
the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
 
(iii) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are a Senior 
Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan"; and  
 
(iv) if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and the Notes are a Subordinated 
Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" 
shall have the same meaning as it would if the Notes were a Senior Transaction. 
 
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Note bears to the total number of Notes outstanding. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll 
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not 
include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 524 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
524 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied:  
 
(a) if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or  
 
(b) otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information by or on behalf of the Fiduciary 
to the Noteholders that is effective on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.   
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being 
satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders 
that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice is effective. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, if a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Residual Cash Redemption Amount means, in relation to Basket Notes and Tranche Notes with respect to which one or more 
Unsettled Credit Event(s) has(ve) occurred, an amount payable on the Maturity Date representing the difference between the Cash 
Redemption Amount and the Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount. 
 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant Restructuring has 
occurred. 
 
Restructuring means that: 
 
(a) with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one 
or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, 
in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the First Credit Event Occurrence Date (or such other date determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to any Hedge Position) and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
 
(1) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(2) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(3) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal 
or premium; 
 
(4) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; or 
 
(5) any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).  
 
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, none of the following will constitute a Restructuring: 
 
(1) the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of 
the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
 
(2) the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the

--- Page 525 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
525 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
 
(3) the occurrence of agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above, due to an 
administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
 
(4) the occurrence of agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
 
(c) For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (e) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor 
and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
(d) If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above 
has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(e) Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in paragraphs (a)(1) to (a)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple 
Holder Obligation. 
 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring. 
 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring 
on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured 
Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
 
Retained Amount means, in relation to Basket Notes or Tranche Notes in respect of which one or more Unsettled Credit Event(s) 
has(ve) occurred, the sum of (x) the Unwind Costs (if any) and (y) the lower of: 
 
(a) The difference between the Aggregate Nominal Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss 
Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
 
(b) Either: 
 
(1) In respect of Basket Notes, the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the aggregate of the Loss Amounts for all the Unsettled 
Credit Events (assuming a Final Value of zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event); or 
 
(2) In respect of Tranche Notes, the amount by which the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount on the 
Maturity Date (assuming a Final Value of zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event) would exceed the product of the Principal 
Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Selected Obligation(s) means, for the purpose of determining the Final Price, as specified in the Final Valuation Notice, any of: 
 
(a) the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
 
(b) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Selected Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Selected Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Selected Obligations);  
 
(c) solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation; and 
 
(d) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign), PROVIDED THAT such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, may be

--- Page 526 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
526 
replaced by the related Asset Package, and (i) such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to 
which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, and (ii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Final Price 
of such Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero, 
 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Selected Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event). 
 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Selected Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the definition of 
Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Selected Obligation would 
otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the 
relevant Selected Obligation shall not cause such Selected Obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Where a Selected Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the Notes, the Calculation Agent will, 
where required, determine the Specified Currency equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
the case may be, in respect of that Selected Obligation by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other 
date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at 
such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
 
Selected Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Selected Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable. 
 
Selected Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated,  Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum 
Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If more than one of Assignable 
Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Selected Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Selected 
Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Selected Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all 
such Selected Obligation Characteristics. 
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy 
such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity. 
 
Senior Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
 
Settlement Method means either Physical Settlement (see Condition 1.1) or Cash Settlement (see Condition 1.1.3) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Single Name Note means a Credit Linked Note indexed on one Reference Entity for which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is stated as being "Single Name Notes". 
 
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME growth market in accordance with Article 33 of 
MiFID II. 
 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s payment obligations thereunder 
to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority acting in a governmental capacity, (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof.:

--- Page 527 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
527 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or 
as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice 
has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
 
Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Selected Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, 
partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
 
Specified Currency means for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, an obligation that is 
payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and no currency is so specified, Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, 
"Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.  
 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or First-to-Default Reference Entity as 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (subject to the definition of such term) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may where 
Asset Package Delivery is applicable, include any Prior Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package. 
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not specified, two). 
 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time 
(or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level which is specified 
from time to time on the SRO List. 
 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, Germany, the United 
Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
 
Standard Unwind Costs means in respect of each Note, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including break funding charges and loss of funding, which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss of future interest amounts to be received under the funding arrangement(s) entered into 
in relation to the Notes), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date and the related partial or total termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
Hedge Position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes.  
 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of successions to some or all of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity 
existed. 
 
Subordinated Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation.  
 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which 
such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled 
to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is 
being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit 
enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising 
by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of 
which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.

--- Page 528 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
528 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a Substitution Event has 
occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(a) The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (c), (d) and (e) below to 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the 
relevant DC Resolution. 
 
(b) If any of the events set forth under paragraph (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred 
with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, 
until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation. 
 
(c) The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
 
(i) is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee); 
 
(ii) satisfies the Not Subordinated [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was issued or incurred (without 
reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
 
(iii) (A)  if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
     (1) is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
 
     (2) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; 
 
(B) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
     (1) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
 
    (2) is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
 
    (3)  is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation 
is available, 
 
     (4) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or 
 
(C) if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
    (1) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
 
    (2) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan) or if no such obligation is available, 
 
    (3) is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
  
    (4) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*.

--- Page 529 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
529 
 
(d) If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described in paragraph (c) above, 
the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Substitute Reference Obligation will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in 
accordance with paragraph (c) above. Information about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the identity thereof and 
the date of substitution, may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to 
proof of ownership of such Notes in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent). 
 
(e) If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines 
that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above 
and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions, that the Calculation Agent has determined in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference 
Obligation.  
 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
 
(i) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
 
(ii) the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by redemption or otherwise below 
USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
 
(iii) for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non Standard Reference Obligation is no 
longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's 
CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
 
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a Substitution Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
 
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only Notes and unless Substitution 
Event Early Redemption  is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall consider such 
event as an event triggering the early redemption  of the Notes and the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and 
shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount  on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. Notice shall be given by or on behalf of the Fiduciary to the Noteholders informing them of the 
Substitution Event and the date scheduled for early redemption . 
 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the relevant Substitution 
Event. 
 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or all of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective 
date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Successor would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
 
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
 
(a) subject to paragraph (c) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as follows: 
 
(1) subject to paragraph (a)(7) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five 
per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket 
Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the 
Reference Entity before the succession. 
 
(2) If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less 
than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession. 
 
(3) If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant

--- Page 530 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
530 
Obligations will each be a Successor and the terms of the Notes will be amended in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 1.5 above. In the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity 
Weighting of each Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the 
number of Successors. 
 
(4) If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the terms of the 
Notes will be amended in accordance with the provisions set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 1.5 above. In the 
case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting 
of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of Successors. 
 
(5) If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the terms of the Notes will not be changed in any way as 
a result of such succession. 
 
(6) If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor) and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor(s) will be the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of Successor(s). 
 
(7) in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one 
Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity is in 
the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, that entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole 
Successor and, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to Hedge Positions.  
 
PROVIDED THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity affected by a 
succession, or as the case may be, one or more of the several resulting Successors of such Reference Entity is(are) another 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio at the legally effective date of the succession, the Reference Entity Weighting 
of the Successor will be the sum of the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in 
accordance with paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) above and the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor 
in effect prior to the succession. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, in the case of Basket Notes and Tranche Notes, if two or more Reference Entities are affected by a 
succession resulting in at least one common Successor, the Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), 
(a)(4), (a)(6) or (a)(7) above with respect to each Reference Entity in respect of which it is a Successor.  
 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT (for paragraph (a) above), if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
"Applicable" or in respect of First-to-Default Notes, the Calculation Agent will adjust the effect of any succession as necessary so that 
in all cases the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio will remain unchanged and if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", so that the Reference Entity Weighting will remain the same for all 
Reference Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio, in particular: 
 
(x) if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) affected by a succession is another Reference 
Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio (the Surviving Reference Entity) at the legally effective date of the succession, the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall select a new entity having an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent credit 
risk (if no Rating is available) to the Legacy Reference Entity immediately prior to the occurrence of the succession; such new entity 
shall be deemed to have replaced the Legacy Reference Entity as Reference Entity effective on and from the date of the succession 
and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of the 
Surviving Reference Entity shall remain the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity in effect prior to the 
succession and the Reference Entity Weighting of the entity having replaced the Legacy Reference Entity shall be equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Legacy Reference Entity prior to the succession; and 
 
(y) if a succession would result in more than one Successor (the Potential Successors) to a Reference Entity either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, the Calculation Agent shall select only one entity (the Chosen Successor) among the Potential 
Successors to replace the Reference Entity; the Chosen Successor shall be deemed to have replaced the Reference Entity and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", its Reference Entity Weighting shall be equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity prior to the succession.  
 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s 
France S.A.S, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, being understood that if the 
ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration.

--- Page 531 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
531 
(b) The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession Date any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the 
DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no 
Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation 
to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or more Successors to a Reference 
Entity can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination, pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Successor, of the identity of any Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Noteholders at the specified office of the 
Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Notes in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent), and will be notified as 
part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may 
be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition on the basis of Eligible 
Information.  
 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a)(1) to (7) (inclusive) 
above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions contemplated by such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
 
(c) An entity may only be a Successor if: 
 
(i) either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor 
in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014;  
 
(ii) the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity 
succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
 
(iii) where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession 
Event. 
 
(d) For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity 
other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant 
to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, 
entente, pact or other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
succeeded and succession shall be construed accordingly. 
 
(e) In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be made on the basis of the 
outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
 
(f) If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more Relevant Obligations (collectively, the 
Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a 
direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or 
Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or 
guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution the date that is ninety 
calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of 
(i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the succession is effective which date may be determined, without 
limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and 
(C) the Calculation Agent determines that the date on which the succession is effective (determined, without limitation, by reference 
to any Hedge Positions) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective.  
 
Tranche Note means a Basket Note for which the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Notes" is 
stated as being "Tranche Notes". 
Tranche Notional Amount means, in respect of Tranche Notes, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or such other amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 532 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
532 
Tranche Subordination Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to Tranche Notes, 
the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment Point.   
 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means in respect of a Reference Entity and the related Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the DC Rules or any other recognised association or organisation 
selected by the Calculation Agent (including for the avoidance of doubt any Auction Settlement), which provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred and which shall be used to determine the amounts 
payable between the parties to a credit derivatives transaction referencing such Reference Entity for which Auction Covered 
Transactions (as defined in the DC Rules) would be credit derivatives transactions with a scheduled termination date comparable to 
or later than the Scheduled Maturity Date of the  Notes. 
 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restriction, provided that none of the following will be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
 
(a) contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S 
promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
 
(b) restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies and pension 
funds; or 
 
(c) restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Transferable is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligations that are not Loans (and 
shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Category). 
 
Undeliverable Obligation(s) means that part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations for which Delivery is Illegal or Impossible. 
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a 
Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
 
Unsettled Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity, that: 
 
(a) a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date , but the corresponding Final Valuation 
Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date ; or 
 
(b) a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date  and (i) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has not been published prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date  and (ii) if a Credit Event Notice has 
subsequently been delivered in relation to the relevant Credit Event, the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not 
occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date ; or 
 
(c) a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity Date ; or 
 
(d) a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing at the Scheduled Maturity Date . 
 
In respect of Basket Notes or Tranche Notes, unless Preliminary Cash Redemption is specified as "Not Applicable", the occurrence 
of an Unsettled Credit Event shall give rise to the payment of the Preliminary Cash Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and of the Residual Cash Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
 
Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Note (i) Standard Unwind Costs if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) zero if specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Selected Obligation, the direct and duly documented cost, if any, borne by the 
Fiduciary, the Fiduciary's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the determination of 
the Final Price. 
 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of 
an entity. 
 
Weighted Average Quotation means, if there are no Full Quotations available, the weighted average of firm bid quotations, in all 
cases obtained from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that 
in aggregate are approximately equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 533 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
533 
3. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS RELATED TO CDS SPREAD 
 
The provisions of this Condition 3 "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" shall be applicable for Single Name Notes or Basket 
Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" is "Applicable".  
 
In the event of any inconsistencies between this previous Conditions 1 and 2 of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes and this Condition 3, the definitions and provisions of Condition 3 shall prevail. 
 
3.1 General definitions 
 
Adjustment Spread means (i) the adjustment spread specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable or (ii) (only if 
Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the adjustment spread specified in the 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the definition “Switch Option” below (if applicable).  
 
Aggregate Basket Loss means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss 
Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Basket Loss shall take into 
account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been determined. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
 
CDS Spread means the Reference Entity Spread. 
 
CDS Dealer means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent as being a dealer in respect of 
providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions. 
 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows : 
 
(a) the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain quotations in accordance with the Quotation Method from five CDS Dealers, whereby: 
 
   (i) If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time on such day, the Reference Entity Spread will 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to the quotation having the highest value (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the quotation having the lowest value (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations)); or 
 
   (ii) If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; or 
 
   (iii) If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be such quotation; or 
 
(b) If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing in the market, such as, but not 
limited to, the liquidity and trading conditions relating to the Reference CDS at the time of calculation. 
 
Effective Credit Index means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions of this Index are published after the Initial Credit 
Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Credit Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For 
the avoidance of doubt, it is expected that the Credit Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of one Reference Entity composing the Effective Credit Index, and the Final Value has been determined 
pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Spread means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default swap on the Effective Credit 
Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
 
External Provider means (i) the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the external 
provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the definition 
“Switch Option” below (if applicable). 
 
External Provider Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(a) The sum of (i) the mid-market spread quotation published by the External Provider around the External Provider Time on such 
day (the External Provider Spread) and (ii) the Adjustment Spread; or 
 
(b) If the Reference Entity Spread cannot be obtained pursuant to (a) above or if there are less than 3 contributors to the External 
Provider on such day, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Entity Spread in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method.

--- Page 534 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
534 
External Provider Time means 15.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the 
Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or  any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the 
Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the following Bloomberg 
parameters with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
 
- Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
 
- Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
 
- Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
- Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
- Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
- Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination with substitute details which are market equivalent.  
 
Credit Index Coupon means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Credit Index Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Credit Index Maturity means 5-year unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Credit Index Publisher means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Initial Credit 
Index. 
 
Credit Index Recovery Rate means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Initial Credit Index means the credit index specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Quotation Deadline Time means 17.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Quotation Method means the quotation method specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be (i) Bid if the Reference Entity 
Spread is a bid rate, (ii) Offer if the Reference Entity Spread is an offer rate, or (iii) Mid-market if the Reference Entity Spread is a 
mid-market rate; or if no Quotation Method is so specified, Offer shall apply. 
 
Rebased Index Spread means the spread, expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation 
Date(i) by converting the Rebased Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as further specified 
below, or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased Index Spread using the 
following Bloomberg parameters: 
 
- Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Index Upfront 
 
- Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
 
- Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
- Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
- Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
- Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine the Rebased Index Spread with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
 
Rebased Index Upfront means the sum of (i) the Effective Credit Index Upfront multiplied by the Remaining Basket Notional and (ii) 
the Aggregate Basket Loss. 
 
Reference CDS means a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the ISDA credit derivatives definitions 
in the Reference CDS Currency, and with a maturity equal to the Reference CDS Maturity (or the nearest standard maturity that is 
higher than such Reference CDS Maturity if such maturity is not available).

--- Page 535 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
535 
 
Reference CDS Currency means the main trading currency for the relevant Reference Entity, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto in accordance with the 
Condition 2 "Definitions", subject always to the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Adjustments and Extraordinary Events) below. 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for the 
Reference CDS, determined by the Calculation Agent initially in accordance with the Reference Entity Spread Method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to the Switch Option.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an upfront amount (the Upfront 
Quotation), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function QCDS in Bloomberg or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Reference Entity Spread Method means either Dealer Poll Method or External Provider Method as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Remaining Basket Notional: means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% minus the 
sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a CDS Spread, a Business Day for the purposes of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes. 
 
Switch Option means, unless Switch Option is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, that (i) on any day where 
the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the Dealer Poll Method, the Fiduciary may, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the External Provider Method, or (ii) on any day where the 
applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, the Fiduciary may, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the Dealer Poll Method, subject in the case of both (i) and (ii) to 
giving to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General Terms and Conditions, not less than 5 Business 
Days nor more than 10 Business Days' notice prior to the date of effect of the Switch Option specified in such notice, and the Switch 
Option shall take effect on the date of effect specified in such notice;  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following Scheduled Trading Day). 
 
3.2 Adjustments and extraordinary events  
 
3.2.1 Succession event 
 
If a succession event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may – in addition to the provisions of Condition 
2 "Definitions"  decide to either: 
 
(A) replace the Reference Entity (i) by the Successor or (ii) in case of several Successors, by one, some or all of the Successors 
resulting from the succession event; 
 
(B) substitute the Successor or Successors by one or several Similar Reference Entity(ies) (as defined in Condition 1.7.4); 
 
(C) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as per Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(D) consider such succession event as an Early Redemption Event as defined in Condition 1.1.8.4 paragraph (A), which will cause 
an early redemption of the Notes at an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions ; 
 
in any case, it being understood that, in case of (A) or (B) above  : 
 
(a) such replacement or substitution shall affect only the provisions related to Reference Entity Spread; and 
 
(b) the Calculation Agent will (x) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to a credit default 
swap on the relevant Reference Entity used to determine the Reference Entity Spread and any settlement or payment terms under 
the Notes, and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes and (y) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
 
3.2.2 External Provider Event  
 
On any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, upon the Fiduciary becoming 
aware that the External Provider Spread is no longer available or it is illegal or impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 536 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
 
536 
for the Calculation Agent to use the External Provider Method, the Fiduciary will change the determination of the Reference Entity 
Spread to the Dealer Poll Method with immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions, to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable.  
 
3.2.3 Credit Index Event  
 
If the Effective Credit Index Spread is no longer available or it is impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the Calculation 
Agent to use the Effective Credit Index Spread, the Fiduciary will replace the determination of the Effective Credit Index Spread by 
the weighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities in the relevant Reference Portfolio with immediate 
effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions, 
to the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 537 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
 
537 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Structured Notes" is "Inflation Linked Notes" .  
 
1.  DEFINITIONS 
 
Closing Price means the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Period which is relevant to the calculation of a payment under 
the Notes. 
 
Fallback Bond means a bond, if any, selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level 
of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays an interest or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date, 
if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date, if no bond defined 
in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary 
Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an interest or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on 
the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the 
Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). For the avoidance of doubt, if no 
bond defined in (a), (b) or (c) above is selected by the Calculation Agent, there will be no Fallback Bond. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index 
on a regular basis.  
 
Inflation Index means any inflation index specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 2.1 below. 
 
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Notes. 
 
Reference Period means the time period for which the level of the Inflation Index was calculated and to which, as a result, such level 
of Inflation Index refers, regardless of when this level is published or announced. The time period may be, but is not limited to, a 
calendar year, a semester, a quarter or a month. 
 
Substitute Index Level means an index level, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 2.1(a) below. 
 
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2 below. 
 
2. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS 
 
2.1 Delay of Publication 
 
(a) If the Closing Price is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date 
under the Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine a Substitute Index Level (in place of such Closing Price) by using the following 
methodology:  
 
(i) if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date as 
that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond;  
 
(ii) if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level as follows: 
 
Substitute Index level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level) 
  
Where:  
 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the time period which is 12 calendar months prior to the time period for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined;  
 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index 
Sponsor prior to the time period in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; and  
 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor 
prior to the time period that is 12 calendar months prior to the time period referred to in "Latest Level" above.

--- Page 538 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
 
538 
(b) If a Closing Price is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment 
Date under the Notes, such Closing Price will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to 
the paragraph (a) above will be the definitive level for that Reference Period.  
 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with this Condition 2.1, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with this Condition 2.1 
and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary. 
 
Provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "five" in (a) and (b) above shall be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.2 Cessation of Publication  
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index 
and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor 
Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
 
(i) if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Fallback Bond, such successor index shall be designated a Successor Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in 
relation to the Notes, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been determined under paragraphs (ii), 
(iii) or (iv) below; 
 
(ii) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (i) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement has 
been made by the Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially similar 
formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall 
be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement index comes into effect;  
 
(iii) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and 
of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor 
Index". If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the "Successor Index". If fewer than three responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (iv) hereof;  
 
(iv) if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above by the fifth Business Day prior to the next 
following Payment Date under the Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and such index will be deemed the "Successor Index";  
 
Provided however that: 
- all references to the word "fifth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
 
(v) if the Calculation Agent determines that no alternative index is appropriate, the Calculation Agent shall: 
 
(a) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder  an Early 
Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or  
 
(b) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" (as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index shall be deemed to replace 
the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Notes. 
 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with this Condition 2.2, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary.  
 
2.3 Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased 
(the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the Closing Price from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Fallback Bond, if any, to the level of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as

--- Page 539 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
 
539 
the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of 
the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any 
such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes. 
 
2.4 Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date  under the Notes, the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the 
Fallback Bond, or, if there is no Fallback Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the 
Inflation Index.  
 
Provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
2.5 Manifest Error in Publication 
 
If, within the earlier of (i) 30 days of publication, and (ii) the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date 
under the Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a 
manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine 
the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. 
 
Provided however that: 
- all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating 
to an Inflation Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 540 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
540 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED NOTES AND FOR ETF LINKED NOTES  
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause  "Type of Structured Notes" is “ETP Linked Notes" or “ETF Linked Notes” . 
 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked Notes the following terms in 
Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
 
- Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions  means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
  
- Intermediate Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions means Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions ; 
 
- Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions. 
 
1.  DEFINITIONS  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below; 
 
Basket means a basket composed of ETPs or ETFs (each an Underlying) in the relevant proportions or numbers of ETP or ETF 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Closing Price means in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below. 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETP or of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or a Basket of ETF, in respect of any 
ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
 
ETF means the exchange traded fund (or the exchange traded funds in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETF 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
ETP means the exchange-traded product (with the exclusion of ETFs) (or the exchange-traded products in case of a Basket) specified 
as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below; 
 
ETP Documents means, in respect of any ETP, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETP 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETP; 
 
ETP Issuer means the legal entity which issued the ETP; 
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
ETP or the ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such ETP or ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the ETP or the ETF, (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or Basket of ETF, in respect 
of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Maturity Date the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor.

--- Page 541 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
541 
 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in ETPs or in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Fiduciary’s obligations under 
the Notes linked to or indexed to the relevant ETP or to the relevant ETF, as the case may be, due on the Maturity Date apportioned 
pro rata to each outstanding Note provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has 
not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
 
provided further that: 
 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Positions", Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including the ETPs or the ETF Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETPs or by the ETF, to have (a) the 
benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETP Documents or under the ETF Documents, as the case may be, of an investor 
holding ETPs or the ETF; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETP or of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order 
requesting redemption of ETPs or of the ETF, as the case may be; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such ETP (when 
such ETPs are open-ended) or in such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of ETPs or of the ETF, as the 
case may be; 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the price of such ETP or such ETF on the relevant Exchange at any time 
during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price; 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an 
Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (c) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
   
  A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the ETP or to the ETF on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
  B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for (a) the ETP or the ETF on the Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant 
Related Exchange; 
 
  C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of in the case of an ETP or an ETF, the relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
 
Maturity Disruption Event, means, in respect of ETP only, that  an Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or an Optional Full 
Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Maturity Date 
; 
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such ETP or ETF, 
any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or substitute quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to an ETP or to an ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETP or such ETF, on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of ETP only, in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Specified 
Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency used to convert 
such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours;

--- Page 542 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
542 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETPs or ETFs, in respect of any ETP 
or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session; 
 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor or agent or to the 
ETF or the ETF Service Provider that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period 
and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETP Documents or in the ETF Documents, as the case may be; 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETP or for such ETF, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below ; 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for an ETP or for an ETF, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such ETP 
or for such ETF shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that ETP or that ETF, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging 
Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
   A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the ETP or the ETF 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
 
   B. the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith, its estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that ETP or that ETF last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the ETP or in the ETF (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security 
as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day) and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
Provided that if the ETP or the ETF is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the ETP or the ETF affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each ETP or ETF not affected by a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
 
provided however that: 
 
     (a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
     (b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than  the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall  after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under 
the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of 
the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,  
 
provided however that: 
 
    - all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - MONETISATION UNTIL THE 
MATURITY DATE   
 
3.1 Potential Adjustment Events

--- Page 543 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
543 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting an ETP Issuer or the value of the relevant 
ETP or affecting an ETF including, without limitation: 
 
  A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETPs or of ETF Units, or a free distribution (or dividend 
in the case of ETF Units) of any such ETPs or ETF Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; 
 
  B. a distribution or issue (or dividend in the case of ETF Units) to existing holders of the relevant ETPs or ETF Units of (a) an 
additional quantity of such ETP or such ETF Units, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of distributions 
and/or dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such ETPs or of such ETF Units, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the ETP Issuer or by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
  C. an extraordinary income distribution in case of ETP or dividend in case of ETF; 
 
  D. a repurchase by the ETP Issuer of relevant ETPs or a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of (i) ETPs initiated by an investor in such 
ETPs that is consistent with the ETP Documents or of (ii) ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF Units that is consistent with 
the ETF Documents; or 
 
  E. any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETPs or quantity of ETPs 
or of the relevant ETFs or quantity of ETF Units; 
 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Fiduciary under the Notes. 
 
3.2 Extraordinary Events and consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each an 
Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date: 
 
 A.   Change in Law means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a 
Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant ETPs or the relevant ETF Units)  
 
 
or, in each case, it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates with the 
ETP Issuer or the ETF or an ETP advisor mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below or an ETF Service Provider 
mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such Notes or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates or the Fiduciary with the ETP Issuer or the ETF or the ETP advisor or an ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or 
Termination of Agreement" in (B) below (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position); 
 
  B.   Breach or Termination of Agreement means:   
 
any failure by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider, in both cases as the case may be, to 
comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the ETP or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider with 
Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, defining (x) the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates 
may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETPs or in the ETF Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions 
and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETP Documents or pursuant to the ETF Documents, as relevant), including as 
the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, or (y) the undertaking 
made by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider to Societe Generale on the basis of which 
Societe Generale determines that it can implement Hypothetical Hedge Positions, Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes), the termination of such agreement by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider 
for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and 
effect or the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in 
whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
    
 C.   (x) In respect of an ETP Linked Note, Closure of the ETP Issuer means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETP Issuer 
for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) below and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, Closure of the ETF means 
liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) below;  
 
  D.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Notes, ETP advisor assets Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a 
period of twelve (12) months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETP advisor (including the ETP Issuer) has decreased by

--- Page 544 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
544 
50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets) and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Notes, ETF Adviser 
Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve (12) months, the total value of the assets managed 
by the ETF Adviser (including the ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets); 
 
 E.  (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP Hedging Disruption means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical 
for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or any Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by 
reason of (i) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent 
generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETP 
Issuer normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (ii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the 
ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption orders), or (iii) the 
postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the ETP 
Issuer have been reviewed by the ETP Issuer’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant 
ETP Issuer or (iv) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such ETP imposed by the relevant ETP Issuer, in each case 
whether these events are imposed by the ETP Issuer without being envisaged in the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes 
or are already envisaged by the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Notes and are solely implemented by the ETP Issuer after 
such date and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, "ETF Hedging Disruption" means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is 
impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or any Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, in each case whether these events are imposed by the ETF 
without being envisaged in the ETF Documents on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the Issue Date 
and are solely implemented by the ETF after such date; 
 
F.   in respect of any ETP, provided that this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only, an ETP Issuer Insolvency Event in respect 
of any ETF, an ETF Insolvency Event, in both cases, means that in respect of any ETP, that the related ETP Issuer or in respect of 
the related ETF that such ETF or such ETF: (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the 
benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for 
its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen (15) days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party 
take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen (15) days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject 
to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (a) through (f) above; provided that in the case of an ETP Linked Note, this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer 
only. 
 
G.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP Issuer Modification means any change or modification of the related ETP Documents 
prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such ETP or the rights or remedies 
of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended ETP that becomes a closed-end ETP), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, ETF Modification means any change or modification of the related ETF 
Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such ETF or the rights 
or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
H.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, ETP advisor Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any 
ETP advisor, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any ETP advisor, (c) any of the ETP advisor is subject to an ETP advisor 
Insolvency Event, where "ETP advisor Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETP Issuer Insolvency Event described in (F) 
above, except that ETP Issuer is replaced by ETP advisor or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETP 
advisors is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the ETP Issuer has occurred 
and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Notes, ETF Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement 
of any ETF Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any ETF Service Provider, (c) any of the ETF Service 
Provider is subject to an ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same 
meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard 
of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key 
in the management of the ETF has occurred;

--- Page 545 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
545 
I.   Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETP’s aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF’s aggregate net asset value under 
an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management 
conditions of the ETP or the ETF, as the case may be, and/or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of ETPs or 
ETF Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, 
to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETPs or of the ETF Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or 
funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
J.   Increased Cost of Hedging means that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that, 
assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of  Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging; 
 
K.   Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETP Issuer or an ETF, (a) all the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or all the ETF Units of that ETF, 
as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the ETPs of that 
ETP Issuer or holders of the ETF Units of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
L.   in respect of ETP only, Liquidity Modification means that the ETP Issuer modifies the terms and conditions at which subscription 
and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer as provided in the ETP Documents as of the Issue Date 
of the Notes or implements a modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are 
settled by the ETP Issuer regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the ETP Documents 
as of the Issue Date of the Notes; 
 
M.  Merger Event means the conversion of the ETP into another class of ETPs or securities or the conversion of the ETF Units into 
another class of funds units or securities, or the split of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or 
its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
N.  in respect of ETF only, Nationalization means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
 
O.  Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETP or any ETF, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or 
approval of such ETP or the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
such ETP or ETP Issuer or over such ETF Units or ETF Service Provider, as the case may be, (b) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETP Issuer or its ETP advisor or of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service Provider 
that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETP or of such ETF or on any investor therein (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related ETP Issuer or any of its ETP advisor or such ETF or any of its ETF Service Provider, 
becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving 
the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such ETP Issuer or ETP advisor 
or of such ETP or ETF Service Provider; 
 
P.   Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any ETP or any ETF, any failure of the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such ETP Issuer or such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such ETP 
Issuer or with such ETF, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such ETP Issuer’s compliance or such ETF’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to such ETPs or relating to such ETF, as the case may be; 
 
Q. Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related ETP Documents 
or in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETPs or of the ETF or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Notes by 
reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the ETP 
Issuer or the ETF invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF; 
 
R.  In respect of an ETF only, Delisting means that such ETF (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant 
Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public 
quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, 
a lack of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
 
S.   Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes, 
 
T.  FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related ETF Service Provider or ETP Issuer (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the 
FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with

--- Page 546 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
546 
the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Notes) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading 
Book as implemented into French law, in holding the ETP or ETF, 
 
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant sensitivities, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder the ETP or ETF, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the ETF 
fund or ETP Issuer; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by Societe Generale by using 
the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above, 
 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(1) (i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where 
an Early Redemption Event occurs,  the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in 
part, the Early Redemption Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in cash; 
or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an 
Early Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its 
obligations to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or  
 
 (2)    in the case of Merger Event above only, replace the ETP or the ETF Units by the kind and number of units or other securities 
and property receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETPs or of ETF Units, as 
the case may be, prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value 
of the ETP or of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such ETP or of such ETF; or 
 
 (3)   apply any of the following methods: 
 
(a)    "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  as defined in General Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions, or  
 
(b)    (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Note, substitute the ETP affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETP) with an ETP 
(the New ETP) having an investment strategy and/or an economic payout similar to the investment strategy and/or the economic 
payout of the Affected ETP and adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Fiduciary under the Notes; or (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Note, Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify an 
exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected by 
the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where an ETP or an ETF is substituted, on any date "t", 
with a New ETP or a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the New ETP or of the 
Substitute ETF and would mean the closing price of such New ETP on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an 
appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETP or of the Affected ETF on such date "t". 
 
or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
 
AA.   deduct: 
 
 
 
(i) from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging and that would be incurred by the Hypothetical Investor, in relation to the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligation of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the "Reduction Amount"); provided 
however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the Interest Amount, the Reduction 
Amount in respect of one Note is higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to the deduction of the Reduction 
Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the difference between the Reduction 
Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due 
on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not been deducted in all or in part 
after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction Amount shall be deducted from the 
Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the 
Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
 
(ii) in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption Date (if 
any) or the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 547 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
547 
in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
 
 
Or only in case of FRTB Event: 
 
AB.    Substitute the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute 
Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the Affected ETP or the Affected 
ETF, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF as having an investment strategy similar to the 
investment strategy of the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Notes 
shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
 
3.3 Disruption Events relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each a 
Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date (the Disrupted Day) and in respect of an ETP Issuer or ETP: 
 
   A.   Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the ETP Documents permitting the ETP Issuer to delay or 
refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official ETP Value by the ETP 
Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of calculating such official ETP Value); or 
 
  B.   ETP Settlement Disruption means a failure by the ETP Issuer to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on 
the date by which the ETP Issuer was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without limitation due to (a) 
the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge 
of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETP Issuer normally accepts redemption orders 
(a gate), (b) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent 
generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders); 
 
   C.   ETP Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "ETP Settlement Disruption" in (B) above 
affecting such ETP which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent 
to determine the Closing Price, 
 
the Valuation Date, in respect of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event, shall be postponed to the immediately following Business 
Day (as specified to be applicable in relation to such Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a 
Disruption Event for such affected ETP.  
 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Business Days, following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date or if no Business Day, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
X.    (a) determine its good faith estimate of the ETP Value which shall be deemed to be the Closing Price in respect of such Valuation 
Date provided that if the Calculation Agent decides to make such determination, the Valuation Date shall occur no later than  the 
fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of such determination ; or 
 
(ii) only in case of ETP Settlement Disruption,  
 
 (a) consider such event as an Early Redemption Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Redemption Amount by the 
delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Redemption Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification or ETP 
Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early 
Redemption Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Final Redemption Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations 
to pay the Final Redemption Amount in cash; or 
 
Y.     consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). 
Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be 
paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
 
Z.    apply one of the following methods: 
 
(a)    "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  as defined in General Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions, or  
 
(b)    substitute the ETP affected by such Disruption Event with an ETP having an investment strategy and/or an economic pay-out 
similar to the investment strategy and/or the economic pay-out of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event (the New ETP) and 
adjust any relevant terms of the Notes to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than  the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis

--- Page 548 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Notes and for ETF Linked  Notes 
 
 
548 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall  after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under 
the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then  that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest as of the Valuation Time  on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,  
 
provided however that: 
 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.4 Maturity Disruption Event relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Maturity Disruption Event: 
 
A.      the Fiduciary shall consider such extraordinary event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an 
Early Redemption Event). Where an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes 
and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
B.     apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 549 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked  Notes 
 
 
549 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Non Equity Security Linked Notes". 
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the  Notes at that time. 
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Non Equity Securities (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Non 
Equity Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Closing Price means: 
 
in respect of a Non Equity Security being a note, a certificate or an over-the-counter derivative product, the fair market value of such 
Non Equity Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
 
in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised market, the official 
settlement price (however described under the rules of the relevant related exchange or its clearing house) of such option contract 
published by the related exchange or its clearing house and adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition  2.1 below. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the  Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in 
relation to the Notes. 
 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes .  
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised 
market, the price or level of such Non Equity Security at any time during a trading session published by the related exchange or its 
clearing house, including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and 
penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall 
net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Non Equity Security means a note, a certificate, an over-the-counter derivative product, an option contract or any other instrument 
negotiated on an organised market (or the notes, the certificates, the over-the-counter derivative products, the option contracts or any 
other instrument negotiated on an organised market in case of a Basket), specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer of any component security. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer and in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a 
component security. 
 
Valuation Date means any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS - HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND 
CONSEQUENCES - CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
2.1  Adjustments and Extraordinary Events  
 
In case of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the last Valuation Date of (i) the material or substantial modifications of the 
conditions of any Non Equity Security or (ii) any event or any change affecting any Non Equity Security or (iii) a Holding Limit Event 
in respect of any Non Equity Security or issuance of Non Equity Security, as applicable, (in each case, the Affected Non Equity

--- Page 550 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked  Notes 
 
 
550 
Security) (such as but not limited to definitive interruption of quotation of this Affected Non Equity Security or termination of the 
obligations of the Fiduciary of this Affected Non Equity Security under the Affected Non Equity Security for any reason, including the 
early redemption of the Affected Non Equity Security) and that (in the case of (i) or (ii)), in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is likely to have a significant effect on the value of the Affected Non Equity Security, then, the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(1) adjust any terms of the Notes, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Notes of such 
event; or 
 
(2) substitute the Affected Non Equity Security with a new underlying asset;  
 
(3) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (an Early Redemption Event), in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the fair market value of the Notes and an early redemption of the Notes. Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay to each Noteholder, as 
soon as possible after the occurrence or cause to be paid (x) in respect of Notes, an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the 
Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(4) apply  "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"  as defined in General Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
2.2. Change in law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Insolvency Filing have the meanings given to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Non Equity Security 
(the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Notes.

--- Page 551 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes 
 
 
551 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Future Linked Notes".  
 
 
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the Notes at that time.  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions.  
 
Basket means, a basket composed of the Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Futures specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Future Linked Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Future, the Daily Settlement Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent  
 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the Future is computed by the Exchange. For the 
avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily 
Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period.  
 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined under the rules of the applicable 
Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time.  
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising the Basket 
and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Future, has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future, 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange).  
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient to identify the Future) of such 
Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Active Future 
Contract.  
 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Next Active 
Future Contract.  
 
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardized contract traded on the relevant Exchange specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to (i) adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll 
Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Future End Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the Scheduled 
Closing Time.  
 
Future Start Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the 
Scheduled Opening Time.

--- Page 552 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes 
 
 
552 
Future Underlier means, in respect of a Future, the asset(s), rate(s), index(indices) or reference(s) underlying such Future, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Future and any time between the Future Start Time and the Future End Time on a Valuation 
Date, the price of such Future on the relevant Exchange.  
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located.  
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Future, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties thereon) 
imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor 
in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of the 
Hypothetical Investor.  
 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Market Disruption Event means with respect to a Future the occurrence or existence of any of the following events: Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure where:  
 
A. Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of such Future or the Future Underlier, including 
pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of such Future or the Future Underlier,  
 
B. Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on which such Future or the Future Underlier is traded, 
  
C. Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) such Future or the Future Underlier 
on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-
counter market, relating to such Future or the Future Underlier,  
 
D. Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:  
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Future or the Future Underlier or;  
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to such Future or the Future Underlier, in each case, prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract specified as such in the Applicable 
Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future Contract.  
 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance.  
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity_Adjustment_Factor will be equal to 1.  
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost))  
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then:  
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (TWAP Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost))  
 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with 
to the following mechanism:  
In respect of Valuation Date(0), Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial Quantity Factor  
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
multiplied by the Quantity_Adjustment_Factor.  
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day  
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, each exchange or quotation system on which the trading activity has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for options contracts relating to such Future or its Future 
Underlier, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in options 
contracts relating to a Future or its Future Underlier has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to options contracts relating to such Future or its Future Underlier on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange).  
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the 
issuer of any Future Underlier.

--- Page 553 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes 
 
 
553 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an adjustment according 
to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on any Rolling Date at the 
relevant Rolling Time.  
 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future 
Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the Expiry Date of any Active Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or 
several dates which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next 
Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future 
will be the Rolling Time.  
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
 
Scheduled Opening Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday opening time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to pre-opening hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading session.  
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer.  
 
TWAP Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average price of the Active Future 
Contract, as calculated between the AFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC_TWAPEndTime 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average price of the Next 
Active Future Contract, as calculated between the NAFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Future, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which 
case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.  
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Future, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange.  
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Future, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Future shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Future, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day.  
 
In that case:  
 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Future notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value of the Future as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.  
 
Provided that if the Future is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Future affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Future not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date;  
 
provided however that:  
 
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price;

--- Page 554 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes 
 
 
554 
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under 
the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, provided however that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be 
a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.  
 
3. ADJUSTMENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST 
OF HEDGING, CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
3.1 Adjustments and Extraordinary Events  
 
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events  
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Future and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating 
to the Future used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of the Notes as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any Local 
Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determination of the 
existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Future of any Potential Adjustment Event, 
and any related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that 
would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred in connection with such Potential 
Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the Future or the Future 
Underlier (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any).  
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Future and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes or the occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur.  
  
3.1.2 Extraordinary Events and consequences  
 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Futures Exchange, (b) a Change of Future 
Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) a Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, Roll-Over Failure Event 
or (g) a Holding Limit Event.  
 
A. Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the Exchange and/or under a market-standard 
format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.  
 
B. Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures contract that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
C. Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Future announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that Future.  
 
D. Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it will permanently cancel such Future.  
 
E. Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of the Future has decreased significantly 
since the Issue Date, such decrease of liquidity being likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its 
affiliates in connection with the Notes.  
 
F. Roll-Over Failure Event means that the Calculation Agent is unable to make a Roll Adjustment for any of the other Extraordinary 
events above.  
 
G. Holding Limit Event as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes.  
 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Future (such Future, the Affected Future) on a Scheduled Trading Day (an 
Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may:  
  
(a) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions, or

--- Page 555 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Notes 
 
 
555 
(b) substitute the Affected Future with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute Future) provided that when doing so, 
the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Fiduciary under the  Notes (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or  
 
(c)  apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date"as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
  
 
3.1.3 Correction of the Closing Price  
 
In the event that any price or level of a Future published on the Exchange and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Exchange after the 
original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes (or any payment date(s) determined 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, and, to 
the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction, provided however that, all references to the 
words "fourth" and "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.  
 
3.2 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event, Change in Law and consequences 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption an Increased Cost of Hedging or a Holding Limit Event relating 
to a Future (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 556 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
556 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause “Type of Structured Notes”  is stated as being “Portfolio Linked Notes” . 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions and in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae.  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
ACT(t-1,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of calendar days between the Calculation Date (t-1) (included) and 
Calculation Date (t) (excluded),  or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Aggregate Applicable Transaction Tax means a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the aggregate rate of stamp duty, 
exchange levies or other equivalent amounts  which would apply to any Hypothetical Investor placing an order which corresponds to 
the Modification Proposal communicated by the Weighting Advisor, after taking into account any eventually applicable exemptions in 
relation to the Notes.  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Portfolio, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation 
Date) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
 
Basket Component means an Equity Instrument, a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument or a Derivatives Instrument  which is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a component of the Portfolio and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
 
Basket Component Type means, the type of a Basket Component, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Basket Component 
Type is one of the following: Index, Share, ETF Share, Fund, Single Commodity, Single Debt, Single Derivatives. 
 
Calculation Date means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which no Portfolio Disruption Event exists, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 6 and on which the Calculation Agent determines that it is possible for Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates to hedge its positions under the Notes using commercially reasonable efforts. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Commodity Instrument means an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, crude oil, cocoa, corn, cotton, copper, milk, 
emissions allowances, cattle, gas oil, gold, silver, heating oil, coffee, wheat, lean hogs, natural gas, nickel, orange juice, lead, 
palladium, platinum, sugar, soybean, and more generally any commodity, any index on the aforementioned and if Dynamic Portfolio 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Commodity Instrument may either 
be a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index. 
 
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
 
Crash Put Cost(t) (CPC(t)) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), a rate which is determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with Condition 2.6, in order to reflect the cost that the Fiduciary(or any of its affiliates) would charge if it were to replicate 
the performance of the Portfolio, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value of the Portfolio becoming 
negative. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
DDIMPLong means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DDIMPShort means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DDLS means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 557 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
557 
Debt Instrument means a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally any 
other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, any index on the aforementioned as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Debt 
Instrument may either be a Single Debt or an Underlying Index. 
 
Derivatives Instrument means a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, future or option, a future or option or other contract traded on 
a regulated or organised market, an index on the aforementioned regardless of the underlying of such Derivatives Instrument, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Derivatives Instrument may either be a Single Derivatives or an Underlying Index. 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs. 
 
DistRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, (i) if Q(k,t) is a positive number, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the percentage of PortfolioDist(k,t) that would be received by a hypothetical investor located in Luxembourg, 
net of any withholding tax, before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from 
double taxation treaties and (ii) if Q(k,t) is a negative number, 100%. 
 
Dynamic Portfolio means a Portfolio that is advised on by the Weighting Advisor pursuant to the Weighting Advisory Agreement. 
 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share or (ii) an ETF Share or (iii) a Fund or (iv) an Index on the aforementioned as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria. An Equity Instrument may either be a Single Equity or an Underlying Index. 
 
ETF means a fund traded on an Exchange that issues ETF shares. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system (if applicable) on which such Portfolio 
Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an 
Underlying Index) trade, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio 
Component that is an Underlying Index) has relocated. 
 
Exchange Business Day means: 
 
(i)   in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;  
 
(ii)   in respect of an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange of such 
Underlying Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index publishes the closing level of 
such Underlying Index; 
 
(iii)   in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) which is a China Connect Business Day. 
 
Fund means a Basket Component which is a fund, with a Basket Component Type specified as Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fund Adviser means, in relation to a Fund, any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the 
role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund. 
 
Fund Documents means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund or 
fund underlying an Underlying Index. 
 
Fund Service Provider means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-
discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit of such Fund.

--- Page 558 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
558 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of each Fund observed separately, any date as defined in the Fund Documents in respect of 
which the official net asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
 
FXHedgeInd(k) means, for each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
(i)    if FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from 
Portfolio Currency: 1;  
 
(ii)    if FX Hedge is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 0  
 
FXRatio(k,t) means for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k) the FX-hedge ratio applicable if relevant when 
FX Hedge is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from Portfolio 
Currency. If Dynamic Fx-hedge is not  specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms then FXRatio(k,t) is set 
to 1. 
 
GearingInfLong means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingInfShort means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingSupLong means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingSupShort means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GrossGearingSup means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the sum of the long exposure and the short exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
 
(i)   in respect of a Portfolio Component which is an Underlying Index, the sum of distributions (including dividends and coupons), 
expressed in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Underlying Index which give rise neither to any adjustment at the 
level of such Underlying Index nor to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, in each case multiplied 
by their relevant quantity in the Underlying Index and converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency 
exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime.  
 
(ii)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Equity, any distribution which is an ordinary cash dividend (or distribution 
with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of 
the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
 
(iii)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Debt, any distribution which is a coupon (or distribution with similar 
characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted 
into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the 
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
 
(iv)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Derivatives, any distribution which does not give rise to any other adjustment 
according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency 
exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime provided that such distribution does not 
include any payment due under the Derivatives Instrument on scheduled termination thereof or as a result of the amortisation of the 
notional amount of such Derivatives Instrument. 
 
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the withholding or deduction of any taxes at the 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall 
exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of 
such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied thereon. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Notes. 
 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local

--- Page 559 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
559 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Hypothetical Replicating Party means a hypothetical party taking positions in the Portfolio Components for the purposes of 
replicating the performance of the Portfolio. 
 
InitialWeight(k) means the initial weight of Portfolio Component(k) as of Calculation Date(0), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Lag means a positive number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is specified therein, one (1). 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, if relevant, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of one or several Portfolio Component(s), taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the 
overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Market Data means a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a spread, or any other data which is 
either (i) specified as a Portfolio Component and Market Data in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) which is otherwise used in the 
computation of the Portfolio Level. A Market Data may notably be a reference rate like a foreign exchange rate, an interest rate or a 
securities lending or borrowing rate. 
 
Net Asset Value means, in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such Fund including (for 
subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription 
orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Replicating Party pursuant to a Valid Order 
for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the Fund scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit 
determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day. 
 
Net Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio, net of Crash Put Costs, denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
NPC(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of distinct Portfolio Component (k) within the Portfolio. 
 
Portfolio means a portfolio constituted of Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Portfolio Cash Component Level (“PCCL(t)”) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the cash component in the 
Portfolio. 
 
Portfolio Component or Portfolio Component (k) means any component of the Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Portfolio 
Component may either be a Basket Component or a Market Data. 
 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) means the denomination currency of Portfolio Component (k), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Portfolio Currency means the denomination currency of the Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
denomination currency is specified therein, the Specified Currency. 
 
Portfolio Disruption Event means the occurrence of a disruption event affecting the Portfolio or a Portfolio Component, as further 
set out in Condition 6. 
 
Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
PortfolioDist(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions 
with an ex date which is between Calculation Date (t-1) (excluded) and Calculation Date (t) (included). 
 
PortfolioFX(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
   (i)    If Quanto Option is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  the currency exchange 
rate used to convert the currency of S(k,t) into the Portfolio Currency as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation Date (t), as published by the PortfolioFXSource or any successor thereto. If no such 
currency exchange rate is available at the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation 
Date (t), the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate in respect of the Calculation Date (t); and 
 
   (ii)    If Quanto Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 1. 
 
PortfolioFXSource means a foreign exchange rate source as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such source is specified 
therein, the WM Company or any successor thereto.

--- Page 560 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
560 
 
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime means a time used to determine foreign exchange rates as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such time is specified therein, 4:00 PM London time (or any successor time as of which the Portfolio FX Source publishes it 
closing foreign exchange rate). 
 
Portfolio Publication Website means a website specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the Calculation Agent will publish (i) 
the composition of the Portfolio and (ii) (if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) details relating 
to each Modification Proposal, as further detailed in Condition 3.3. 
 
PRC means, in respect of  Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Q(k,0) means the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not specified, the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with Condition 
2.4. 
 
Q(k,t) means the number of units of Portfolio Component (k) on Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance with Condition 2.4. 
 
RateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified 
therein, zero (0). Unless the level of RateLong(k,t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the 
value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the 
Fiduciary(or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Notes. 
 
RateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short cash position in 
the Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is 
specified therein, zero (0). Unless *fixed* is specified next to the level of RateShort(k,t) in the applicable Final Terms, on each 
Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent, upon prior notice to the Noteholders in order to 
replicate the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Fiduciary(or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments 
in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Notes. 
 
RateLong(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateLong(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Fiduciary(or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Notes.  
 
RateShort(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateShort(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Fiduciary(or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Notes. 
 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5. 
 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments 
underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), any successor exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that 
is an Underlying Index), has temporarily relocated. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer (if any) of (1) such Portfolio Component or (2) the Portfolio Component(s) underlying such Underlying Index.  
 
RepoRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is determined as follows: 
 
(i)    If Q(k,t) is a positive number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateLong(k,t); and 
 
(ii)    If Q(k,t) is a negative number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateShort(k,t). 
 
RepoRateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
 
RepoRateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0).

--- Page 561 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
561 
Restriking Date means each Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
S(k,0) means the level of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
level is specified, the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with 
Condition 2.5. 
 
S(k,t) means the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance with Condition 
2.5. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
For Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of Scheduled Closing Time applies: 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or 
Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means: 
 
(i)    in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
for such Portfolio Component are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
 
(ii)    in respect of an Underlying Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange of such Underlying Index are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Underlying Index; and 
 
(iii)    in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, any day on which (i) each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) the China Connect Service 
is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share means a share of a company or any depositary receipt thereon. 
 
Similar Portfolio means, a portfolio whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the Portfolio, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio comprise, without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and 
the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio. 
 
Similar Portfolio Component means any Portfolio Component whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the relevant 
Affected Underlying, in the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio Component comprise, 
without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio 
Component. 
 
Single Commodity means any Basket Component that is a physical commodity or future contract on a physical commodity, with a 
Basket Component Type specified as Single Commodity in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Debt means any Basket Component that is a note, a euro medium term note, or a bond, with a Basket Component Type 
specified as Single Debt in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Derivatives means any Basket Component that is a derivative instrument such as a structured warrant, a future, a forward or 
an option, with a Basket Component Type specified as Single Derivatives in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Equity means any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, with a Basket Component Type specified as Share, ETF 
Share or Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
TargetGearingLong(t) means:  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1).  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 562 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
562 
    in respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by 
the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.6. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingLong(t) shall always be comprised between GearingInfLong (excluded) and 
GearingSupLong (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
TargetGearingShort(t) means:  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1).  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    In respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by 
the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.6. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingShort(t) shall always be comprised between GearingInfShort (excluded) and 
GearingSupShort (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer (if any) and in respect of an Underlying Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer (if 
any) of the financial instrument(s) underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
TimeBasis means the time basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time basis is specified therein: (i) 365 if the 
Portfolio Currency is set to GBP and (ii) 360 in any other case. 
 
Underlying Index means any Basket Component with a Basket Component Type specified as Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor, as specified in the operating rules of such Underlying Index. 
 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying Index and/or (b) announces 
(directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying Index on a regular basis. 
 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the 
Fund Documents. 
 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation 
Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 4 and Condition 6 below. 
 
Weight Reset Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. DETERMINATION OF THE PORTFOLIO LEVEL  
 
2.1 Portfolio Level 
 
The Portfolio Level (PL(t)) is, in respect of any Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence 
or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, in accordance with the following formula:  
 
PL(t) = (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) - ReplicationFeeCost(t) - TC(t-1,t) 
 
Where: 
 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Specified  Denomination. 
 
And with  
 
- If Crash Put Costs Calculation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) means (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) x CPC(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis 
 
- Otherwise, if Crash Put Costs Calculation is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 563 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
563 
 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) = 0 
 
Where 
 
If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date: 
 
TC (t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to TNPC(t-1,t)) (Abs(Q(k,t) - Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x TCR(k,t)) 
 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, such Portfolio Component (k) is deemed to be equal to 0. 
 
Otherwise 
 
TC(t-1,t) = 0 
 
2.2 Performance  
 
The performance component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Perf(t-1,t) = Perf_Component(t-1,t) - Perf_FX(t-1,t) + DivBucket(t) 
 
Where: 
 
Perf_Component(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (Q(k,t-1) x (AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x S(k,t) - PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x 
S(k,t-1) x (1 - RepoRate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis))) 
 
And 
 
Perf_FX(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (FXRatio(k, t-1) x FXHedgeInd(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x (PortfolioFX(k,t) 
/ PortfolioFX(k,t-1) - 1))  
 
And 
 
DivBucket(t) is determined in accordance with section 2.4. 
 
2.3 Financing Cost 
 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Fin(t-1,t) = - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t)  
 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Fin(t-1,t) = PL(t-1) x ERate(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t)  
 
In each case, where: 
 
Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x IsFunded(k) x ERate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / 
TimeBasis) 
 
And 
 
Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (FXRatio(k,t-1) x FXHedgeInd(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x 
(IsFunded(k) x Rate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis - IsFunded(k) x ERate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis)) 
 
And where: 
 
IsFunded(k) means: 
 
Only if Unfunded Component is applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k): 
 
0 
 
If Unfunded Component is not specified or is specified as not applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k):  
 
1 
 
ERate(t-1) and each ERate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following:

--- Page 564 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
564 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
If Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
  
   ERate(t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then:  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Only if Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
If: 
 
PL(t-1) – Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((FXRatio(k, t-1)) x (1 - FXHedgeInd(k)) x IsFunded(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1)) ≥ 
0  
 
then: 
 
ERate(t-1)= RateLong(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
Else: 
 
ERate(t-1) = RateShort(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Each Rate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateShort(k,t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateLong(k,t-1) 
 
2.4 Computation of the quantities Q(k,t) 
 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
- If Weight Reset is specified as applicable and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date : 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-1) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,t-1) × PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
- Otherwise 
 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t) 
 
Where: 
 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Q(k,0) = PL(0) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)) 
 
And 
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t)

--- Page 565 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
565 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t) 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or if: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or if: 
    
 t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
  
       And: 
 
Either : 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or : 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or : 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = TargetGearingLong(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) 
+ Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or if: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or if: 
 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either:

--- Page 566 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
566 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = TargetGearingShort(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) 
- Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) + Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) - Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x 
DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-
1))) 
 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
    AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
 
And  
 
DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
2.5 Reference Price 
 
Reference Price means in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date (t) and any Portfolio Component (k): 
 
(i) If "Closing Price" is specified as applicable or if no Reference Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and  
 
   a.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share, the official closing price of such Share 
or ETF Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case may be);  
 
   b.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit, the latest available Net Asset Value dated in respect 
of such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 567 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
567 
   c.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Commodity Instrument, the official closing price published on the relevant price source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
   d.   if such Portfolio Component (k) a Debt Instrument, the official closing price of such Debt Instrument as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
   e.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Underlying Index, the official closing level of such Underlying Index as determined by the 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent on the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case may be); or 
 
   f.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Derivatives Instrument, the closing value of such Derivatives Instrument on such Scheduled 
Calculation Date (t), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
(ii) if "Fixing Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price or level of such Portfolio Component (k), as 
relevant, as of such Calculation Date (t) and as of the ReferenceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
 
(iii) if "TWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the time weighted average price or level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated between the TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
(iv) if "VWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume weighted average price or  level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated between the VWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
(v) if "Opening Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official opening price  or level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t); 
 
(vi) if "Best Effort" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above options, provided that the Reference Price 
will correspond to the above Reference Price that would be actually obtained by the Calculation Agent (or any of its affiliates) if it were 
to hedge such Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(vii) if "Bid-Ask Spread" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
 
a. if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased exposure to such Portfolio 
Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
b. if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure to such Portfolio 
Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 - SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
 
provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in 
respect of (i) different Scheduled Calculation Dates, (ii) different Portfolio Components or provided that, if “Dynamic Portfolio” is set 
to applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any  one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in respect of any 
Scheduled Calculation Dates and any Portfolio Components, depending on whether a Modification Proposal (as defined in Condition 
3) is effective on a given Calculation Date. 
 
2.6 Determination of the Crash Put Cost CPC(t) 
 
If: 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) + 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) > 1 
 
Then: 
 
CPC(t) = LeverageEff(t) x CPLevel(ADD (t)) 
 
Else:  
 
CPC(t) = 0 
 
Where LeverageEff is the effective leverage determined as follows 
 
LeverageEff(t) = Max((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ; (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
 
And the Crash Put Level (CPLevel(ADD(t))) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent based on the 
value of the Average Decade Down (ADD(t)) as of such date. and in accordance with the CPLevel table specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, The CPLevel table contains the CPLevel rates applicable for any given level of the Average Decade Down.

--- Page 568 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
568 
 
The Average Decade Down ADD(t) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
ADD(t) = LeverageLS(t) x DDLS + LeverageIMP(t) x DDIMP(t) 
 
Where 
 
The Long-Short Leverage (LeverageLS(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
 
LeverageLS(t) = Min((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ;  (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
 
The Implicit Leverage (LeverageIMP(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
 
LeverageIMP(t) = LeverageEff(t) – LeverageLS(t) 
 
DDIMP(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t):  
 
If (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) (Q(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) >= 0  
 
Then: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPLong 
 
Else: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPShort 
 
2.7 Determination of the Portfolio Cash Component Level, “PCCL(t)” 
 
The Portfolio Cash Component Level is determined, in respect of Calculation Date (t), in accordance with the following formula: 
 
PCCL(t) = PL(t) - (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) (Q(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
3. SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS  
 
This Condition 3 applies only if “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
stated herein, the following is to be considered as an additional Condition to these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
As further detailed hereinafter and in particular in Conditions 3.3 and 3.6, the composition of the Portfolio and the target gearing 
exposures may be amended by way of Modification Proposal(s) submitted by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with these 
Conditions 3.3 and 3.6. 
 
3.1 Additional definitions applicable to Dynamic Portfolios 
 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a Global Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, a Component Related Eligibility Criteria or a 
Modification Related Eligibility Criteria, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
ExecCostRateIn (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate which is set out in 
http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or which is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if 
it were to buy hedging instruments in respect of the Notes. 
 
ExecCostRateOut (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate which is set out 
in http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851, or which is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms,  to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the Fiduciary (or any of its affiliates) if 
it were to sell hedging instruments in respect of the Notes. 
 
ExecAddOnRate (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a transaction cost rate which is set out 
in the applicable Final Terms, or 0 (zero) if not specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Force Majeure Event means exceptional circumstances with respect to the Notes, the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or the 
Weighting Advisor beyond the control of such parties such as, without limitation, any change in national or international political, legal, 
tax, financial or regulatory conditions or any calamity or emergency which prevent or to a material extent restrict the performance of 
the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor of its obligations under the Weighting Advisory Agreement or the General 
Terms and Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GL means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency without including the Performance Fees. 
 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a set of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms and as 
further detailed in Condition 3.4. Any Modification Proposal  by the Weighting Advisor which is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio

--- Page 569 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
569 
Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms shall be rejected  by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 
3.3. 
 
Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3. 
 
Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Modification Proposal. A Modification Trigger shall be one or more of the following:  
 
(a) past or forecasted level and/or performance of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
and/or 
 
(b) past or forecasted level and/or level of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(c) past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(d) past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(e) publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio or the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(f) determination of expected or publication of realised fundamental valuation the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(g) determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
 
(h) determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or 
 
(i) absence of the Modification Proposal, the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria would not be complied with; and/or  
 
(j) regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
 
(k) determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(l) determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
 
(m) events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
 
Rebalancing Date means the day on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Rebalancing Lag means the number of Calculation Date between the Review Date and the Rebalancing Date. 
 
Review Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be 
received by the Calculation Agent from (i) the Issue Date to (but excluding) (ii) the final Valuation Date, that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any of the existing Portfolio Components that are the subject of the Modification Proposal and would not be a Disrupted 
Day assuming that any instrument or data that is proposed by the Weighting Advisor in a Modification Proposal to become a new 
Portfolio Component(s) is already included in the Portfolio.  
 
Target Exposure Implementation Date means the day on which a Target Exposure Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Target Exposure Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 
3.6. 
 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. A Target Exposure Modification 
Trigger shall be one or more of the following: 
 
(a)    past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(b)    publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(c)    determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
 
(d)    determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or 
 
(e)    regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
 
(f)    determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Components; 
and/or

--- Page 570 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
570 
(g)    determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
 
(h)    events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
 
Theoretical Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Total Number of Portfolio Components over two Consecutive Days or TNPC(t-1,t) means in respect of the Calculation Dates (t) 
and (t-1), the cumulative number of different Portfolio Components comprising the Portfolio as of such Calculation Dates (t) and (t-1). 
 
Weighting Advisor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which is entitled to propose Modification 
Proposal(s) in accordance with Condition 3.3. 
 
Weighting Advisory Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Calculation Agent, the Fiduciary and the Weighting Advisor 
in respect of the Notes pursuant to which the Fiduciary and the Calculation Agent will appoint the Weighting Advisor whose duties will 
include proposing Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio. Under the terms of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Weighting 
Advisor and every Modification Proposal will aim to maximise the Portfolio Level in accordance with these Additional Terms 
and Conditions including, without limitation Condition 3 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. The Weighting Advisor will also 
remain responsible, in performing its duties under the Weighting Advisory Agreement, for acting honestly and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and for exercising the diligence of a reasonably prudent investment advisor or adviser in comparable 
circumstances. 
 
3.2 Amendments to Condition 2 
 
The following amendments are made to Condition 2 above for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level of the Portfolio. 
 
3.2.1    Amendments to Condition 2.1 
 
The formula used to determine the Portfolio Level is replaced with the following: 
 
PL(t) = PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t) - TC(t-1,t) 
 
Where: 
 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Specified Denomination. 
 
TC(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to TNPC(t-1,t)) (Abs(Q(k,t) - Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x TCR(k,t)) 
 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the transaction cost is determined in accordance with the 
following: 
 
Where TCR(k,t) = ExecCostRate(k,t) + ExecAddOnRate(k,t) 
 
And ExecCostRate(k,t) is determined in accordance with the following: 
If Q(k,t) ≥ Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateIn (k,t) 
 
If Q(k,t) < Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateOut (k,t) 
 
3.2.2    Amendments to Condition 2.4 
 
Condition 2.4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
If there is no Modification Proposal with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t) 
 
- If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date is a Weight Reset Date: 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-1) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,t-1) × PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
- Otherwise 
 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t) 
 
Where: 
 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 571 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
571 
 
Q(k,0) = PL(0) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)) 
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t) 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = TargetGearingLong(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) + 
Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag)  < GearingInfShort 
 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong

--- Page 572 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
572 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = TargetGearingShort(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) - 
Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) + Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) - Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x 
DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-
1))) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
And DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
If there are one or more Modification Proposal(s) affecting Portfolio Component (k) with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t): 
 
Unless communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3, Q(k,t) is determined according with the below 
formula: 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-RLag) × RebalWeight(k) / (S(k,t-RLag) × PortfolioFX(k,t-Rlag)) 
 
Where: 
 
RebalWeight (t) is providing by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3; 
RLag means the maximum between (i) 1 and (ii) the Rebalancing Lag. 
 
3.3 Re-Weighting of Dynamic Portfolio composition 
 
3.3.1    The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the Portfolio, subject to 
the Portfolio remaining in compliance with each and every Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i)    the quantity or the weight of any Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio; 
 
(ii)    the inclusion of one or several new Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio; 
 
(iii)    the removal of one of several Portfolio Component (k) from Portfolio;  
 
(iv)    the Reference Price of any Portfolio Component(k) in the Portfolio and 
-  If such Reference Price is VWAP, the Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to the VWAP 
Start Time and the VWAP End Time of any Portfolio Component (k),

--- Page 573 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
573 
- If such Reference Price is TWAP, the Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to the TWAP Start 
Time and the TWAP End Time of any Portfolio Component (k), or 
 
(v)    any combination thereof. 
 
(each a Modification Proposal, together the Modification Proposals) in accordance with the procedure described in Condition 3.4 
(the Re-Weighting Procedure). For the avoidance of doubt, any Q(k,t) may be equal to 0 in which case the Portfolio Component 
shall be deemed to be removed from the Portfolio. It is understood that it is under the responsibility of the Weighting Advisor to ensure 
that any Modification Proposal complies with the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and that, subject to Condition 3.3.2, neither the Fiduciary 
nor the Calculation Agent will influence a Modification Proposal. 
 
In addition, when submitting a Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details required to 
implement such Modification Proposal and (ii) the Modification Trigger(s) applicable to such Modification Proposal.  
 
3.3.2    Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Modification Proposals relating to the Portfolio 
unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
 
(i) the proposed Modification Proposal would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, any 
applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent; or in the context of 
Portfolio Components being equity stocks only, would not comply with SG Group Restricted List or Restricted List; or  
 
(ii) the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes, and in particular the Modification  
Proposal is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria set out in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(iii) the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Modification Proposal is incomplete, in particular it 
does not include parameters which are necessary to implement the proposed Modification Proposal, including but not limited to the 
applicable Modification Trigger and information necessary to identify each Portfolio Component or elements necessary to determine 
the quantity of each Portfolio Component; or  
 
(iv) the Fiduciary's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Notes would be materially affected by the 
implementation of the Modification Proposal or such Modification Proposal would increase the cost of hedging the Notes, including 
but not limited to (i) as a result of a change in law or regulation, (ii) the imposition of taxes, stamp duties, financial transaction tax or 
any other tax or levy having a similar effect or (iii) in case the Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that the liquidity of the Portfolio Component affected by such Modification Proposal is not sufficient for the 
Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates, to implement such Modification Proposal; or 
 
(v) a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Notes, the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor has occurred 
and is continuing. 
 
“Restricted List” means any internal policies or restricted lists determined internally whether voluntarily or mandatorily by SG or 
produced by a third party and used by SG for, among other purposes, determining the eligibility of Portfolio Components, and/or 
sanctions or other policies not otherwise included as an SG Group Policy or as part of an SG Group Restricted list. 
 
“SG Group Policies” means the internal, formal and documented policies, procedures, standards and guidelines (as revised from 
time to time) which have been established at SG by persons acting independently of the trading or front office function and which 
ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and regulatory standards by each member of the SG Group subject thereto.  
As used herein, the term “regulatory standards” includes codes of conduct, banking standards, frameworks and guidance (such as 
capital and liquidity standards, frameworks or guidance, among other things) issued by any competent authority (including, but not 
limited to, relevant supranational bodies, treaty organisations, supervisory committees or governmental, judicial, tax, banking or 
regulatory authorities, or self-regulatory organizations) with a view to setting standards for the business conduct, organisation and 
prudential supervision of banks and financial services firms. 
 
“SG Group Restricted List” means any internal policy restriction, internal compliance-related restricted list and/or sanctions list or 
policy not otherwise included as SG Group Policies. 
 
Unless a Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above grounds, the 
Calculation Agent shall then implement such Modification Proposal in accordance with the Re-Weighting Procedure without any 
liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Modification Proposal. 
 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
-    the composition of the Portfolio; and 
 
-    the detail of each Modification Proposal including the applicable Modification Trigger. 
 
3.4 Re-Weighting Procedure 
 
Subject to the provision of 3.3.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Rebalancing Date make the Modification Proposal(s) to 
the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request was received before the Communication Deadline on

--- Page 574 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
574 
the Review Date. Any request received on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline shall be deemed to be received on the 
immediately subsequent Review Date. 
 
 
3.5 Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
 
Global Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the following: 
 
The Portfolio shall meet the diversification requirements applying to the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable  Securities complying with the European Union Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities or any successor 
thereto (including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 
2009, as amended); or  
 
The Portfolio must [not] contain [less][more] [than] [specify number of Portfolio Components in the 
applicable Final Terms] Portfolio Components 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means the combination of (i) a Portfolio Component Type Criteria and/or (ii) a Portfolio Component 
Sub Type Criteria and/or (iii) one or more Attribute Criteria and/or (iv) a Criteria Impact,  
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria is expressed as follows: 
[Portfolio Component Type Criteria] [and] [Portfolio Component SubType Criteria] [and] [one or more 
Attribute Criteria] [Criteria Impact] 
 
Only instruments or market data that meet the Component Related Eligibility Criteria may become a 
Portfolio Component at the exclusion of all the others. 
 
 
Portfolio 
Component Type 
Criteria 
means a criteria which defines the types of Portfolio Components (each a 
“Portfolio Component Type” and together the “Portfolio Component Types”) 
which are subject to a Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria is expressed as follows:  
 
[A] Portfolio Component[s]which [is][are] [one of the following] [a][an][Portfolio 
Component Type]  
 
Where “Portfolio Component Type” means any of  the following:  
- Commodity Instrument 
- Debt Instrument 
- Derivatives Instrument 
- Equity Instrument 
- Market  Data 
 
which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
Portfolio 
Component 
Sub 
Type Criteria 
means in respect of a Portfolio Component Type defined pursuant to the 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria, a criteria which defines the sub type of 
Portfolio Component Type (each a “Portfolio Component Sub Type” and 
together the “Portfolio Component Sub Types”). A Portfolio Component Sub 
Type Criteria is expressed as follows:  
 
[and] [which] [is][are] [not] [one of the following][a][an] [Portfolio Component 
Sub Type] 
 
Where the Portfolio Component Sub Type(s): 
- In respect of Commodity Instruments means either  Single Commodity or  
Underlying Index  
- In respect of Debt Instruments means either Single Debt, or Underlying Index 
- In respect Derivatives Instruments means either Single Derivatives or 
Underlying Index 
- In respect Equity Instruments means either Share, ETF Share, Fund or 
Underlying Index

--- Page 575 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
575 
- In respect Market Data means either  foreign exchange rate, interest rate or 
securities lending or borrowing rate. 
 
In each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Attribute Criteria 
means one or more of the identification conditions listed in the section 
“Attribute Criteria” below, and specified in the applicable Final Terms that must 
be met by a Portfolio Component in addition to the Portfolio Component Type 
Criteria and the Component Portfolio Sub-Type Criteria (if any) and expressed 
as follows:  
 
[for][which] 
[is][are] 
[not] 
[has][have][does 
not 
have][do 
not 
have] 
[a][an][Attribute(s)] [higher] [lower] [than] [or] [equal to][among the following] 
[one of the following] [is][are][not] [set to] [Attribute Value(s)] 
 
 
 
Criteria Impact 
means the constraint or set thereof which apply(ies) to an Attribute Criteria (or 
set thereof) in relation to a given set of Portfolio Component Type(s) and/or 
Portfolio Component Sub Type(s). It is expressed as follows: 
 
[[is][are] [not] allowed] 
 
 
[must [not] have [an individual][an aggregate] [quantity][weight (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as its quantity multiplied by its price or level, 
converted if necessary into the Portfolio Currency, then divided by the Portfolio 
Level)] [higher][lower][than][or][equal to] [Quantitative Constraint]]. 
 
Where Quantitative Constraint(s) is a number, rate, percentage or level 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under the item Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria. 
 
Modification Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the following: 
 
- The proposed Modification Proposal shall not require the Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent to trade 
more than [specify percentage] of the average of traded volumes on the relevant Exchange over the 
past  [specify the number of days in the applicable Final Terms] days (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent);  
- The Weighting Advisor must [not] propose [at least][at most][more than][less than] [specify number of 
Modification Proposal(s) in the applicable Final Terms] Modification Proposal(s) per [specify 
frequency]; . 
- The Weighting Advisor [may][must][not][only] propose a Modification Proposal on the following dates: 
[specify date in the applicable Final Terms] 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 576 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
576 
List of Attributes with Attribute Values  
 
Attributes 
Attribute Values 
listed on a regulated Exchange of 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country where the Exchange(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria are 
located.] 
listed on  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Exchange(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity located in  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the registration country(ies) of the Company(ies) or 
issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose industry 
is  
 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the industry(ies) of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose sector 
is  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sector(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) or, as 
relevant, of the  Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose sub-
sector is  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-sector(s) of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
denominated in  
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the denomination currency(ies) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issue size 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate issue size of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Net Asset Value 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate net asset value of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
market capitalisation 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate market capitalisation of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
[number of days] days average 
traded volume 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the period (for example 60 days) and the 
corresponding average volume traded on the relevant market or Exchange over  such 
period] 
registered for public offering in 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the country(ies) where the Portfolio Component(s) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria can be offered to the 
public] 
compliant with the European Union 
Directive 
85/611/EEC 
of 
20 
December 
1985 
on 
the 
coordination of laws, regulations 
and 
administrative 
provisions 
relating 
to 
undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities 
or 
any 
successor thereto (including the 
Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009, as 
amended) 
not applicable 
sponsored by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sponsor of the Portfolio Component(s) (for 
example an index) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
managed by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the manager of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria]

--- Page 577 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
577 
advised by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the advisor of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria, for example the advisor  of the 
fund] 
sub-managed by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-manager of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose long 
term credit rating 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the credit rating of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
published by 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publisher of the Portfolio Component(s) (for 
example an index) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
member of [a publicly available 
Index] 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the publicly available index or indices which must 
contain the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
underlying 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the underlying of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
eligible for inclusion to the assets 
of an Undertakings for Collective 
Investment 
in 
Transferable 
Securities complying with the 
European 
Union 
Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 
on the coordination of laws, 
regulations 
and 
administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings 
for 
collective 
investment 
in 
transferable 
securities 
or 
any 
successor thereto (including the 
Directive 
2009/65/EC 
of 
the 
European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009, as 
amended). 
not applicable 
Reference Price 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the Reference Price election, see  Condition 2.5] 
FX Hedge 
[specify in the applicable Final Terms the FX Hedge election, i.e. applicable or not 
applicable] 
 
3.6 Changing the target exposures 
 
3.6.1    The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the target gearing 
percentages of the exposures. 
 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
 
(i)    the value of TargetGearingLong; 
 
(ii)    the value of TargetGearingShort; 
 
(each a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, together the Target Exposure Modification Proposals) in accordance with the 
procedure described in Condition 3.7 (the Change in Target Gearings Procedure). It is understood that neither the Fiduciary nor 
the Calculation Agent will influence a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
 
In addition, when submitting a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details 
required to implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal and (ii) the Target Exposure Modification Trigger(s) applicable to 
such Target Exposure Modification Proposal.  
 
3.6.2     Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Target Exposure Modification Proposals relating 
to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
 
(i) the proposed Target Exposure Modification would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, 
any applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Fiduciary or the Calculation Agent; or  
 
(ii) the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or

--- Page 578 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
578 
 
(iii) the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Target Exposure Modification is incomplete, in 
particular it does not include parameters which are necessary to implement the proposed Target Exposure Modification, including but 
not limited to the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger; or  
 
(iv) the Fiduciary's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Notes would be materially affected by the 
implementation of the Target Exposure Modification Proposal; or 
 
(v) a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Notes, the Fiduciary, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor has occurred 
and is continuing. 
 
Unless a Target Exposure Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above 
grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal in accordance with the Change in 
Target Gearings Procedure without any liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal. 
 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
-    the values of the TargetGearingLong and TargetGearingShort; and 
 
-    the detail of each Target Exposure Modification Proposal including the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger. 
 
3.7 Change in Target Gearings Procedure 
 
Subject to the provision of 3.6.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Target Exposure Implementation Date make the Target 
Exposure Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request was received 
before the Communication Deadline on the Review Date. Any request received on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline 
shall be deemed to be received on the immediately subsequent Review Date. 
 
3.8 Effect of Termination of Weighting Advisory Agreement 
 
If the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the  Maturity Date (or, in case of open-ended Notes, the last  Optional 
Redemption Date), the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid, an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Condition or 
 
(ii) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
name a substitute Weighting Advisor (the “Substitute Weighting Advisor”), suitable to the Calculation Agent, that will take over the 
obligations of the existing Weighting Advisor, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Termination of the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement and no later than one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. If the substitute Weighting 
Advisory Agreement is not signed at the same time as the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated, the Portfolio Components 
will keep the same weightings as those on the date of Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. If no such Substitute 
Weighting Advisor is named up to one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Calculation Agent may 
apply either (i) or (ii) above. 
 
4. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR VALUATION DATES OR AVERAGING DATES 
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date) is a Disrupted Day for a Portfolio, then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Portfolio shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Portfolio, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Calculation Dates immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
A. the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Portfolio on that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Portfolio last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day; 
 
provided that if the Portfolio is included in a Basket, the hereabove provisions shall apply only to the Portfolio affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for each other underlying comprised in the Basket and not 
affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
 
provided however that: 
 
a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Calculation Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day

--- Page 579 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
579 
nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent 
shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated 
shall be deemed the Closing Price; and 
 
b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Notes on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date. If a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under 
the Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated shall be deemed 
the Portfolio Level,  
 
provided however that, all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Notes are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE MATURITY DATE, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF 
HEDGING, INCREASED COST OF BORROW, LOSS OF BORROW, CHANGE IN LAW CHINA CONNECT SHARE 
DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
5.1 Stop-Loss Event relating to a Portfolio 
 
If, on any Calculation Date after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Portfolio Level 
of a Portfolio is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Portfolio Level on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Portfolio 
and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions (but 
such paragraph A. shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)); 
 
B. continue the Notes according to their terms. 
 
5.2 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow, Loss of Borrow and consequences  
 
Hedging Disruption means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes or the agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary in 
relation to the Notes; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of Hedge Positions as the case 
may be between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the 
Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
 
In addition, for Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the definition of Hedging Disruption is completed by adding: 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, "using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the transaction(s) referred to 
in Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to Societe Generale or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (QFII) and Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) regimes. 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) or costs specified in these Additional Terms and Conditions, and the applicable Final Terms to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary with respect to the Notes or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds of its 
Hedge Positions. 
 
Increased Cost of Borrow means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Notes) rate to borrow hedging instruments in respect 
of the Notes. 
 
Loss of Borrow means, in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) hedging instruments with 
respect to the Notes in an amount it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations

--- Page 580 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
580 
with respect to the Notes or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary with respect to 
the Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost of Borrow or a Loss of Borrow 
relating to a Portfolio (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions ; or  
  
B. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions, or; but only in 
the case of Increased Cost of Hedging; or  
 
C. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject 
to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to remove the Portfolio 
Component triggering the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow or Loss of Borrow and reinvest 
its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components, 
 
and: 
 
deduct: 
 
(i)  from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under one Note on the Interest Payment Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligation of the Fiduciary under the Notes and such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Notes (the 
“Reduction Amount”); provided however that if on an Interest Payment Date on which a Reduction Amount shall be deducted from 
the Interest Amount, the Reduction Amount in respect of one Note is higher than such Interest Amount due under one Note (prior to 
the deduction of the Reduction Amount) on such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be reduced to zero and the 
difference between the Reduction Amount and the Interest Amount (prior to the deduction of the Reduction Amount), shall be deducted 
from the Interest Amount(s) due on one or more of the following Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), and if a Reduction Amount has not 
been deducted in all or in part after the occurrence of the last Interest Payment Date under the Notes, the remaining Reduction 
Amount shall be deducted from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any), the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount whichever comes first (the result of such deduction being floored at 
zero); or 
 
(ii)  in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (a) from the Optional Redemption Amount (if any), the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Early Redemption Amount (if any) due under one Note on the Optional Redemption Date (if 
any), the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if any) or the payment date of the Early Redemption Amount (if any), whichever comes 
first, and (b) in the absence of any Optional Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Notes, from the Final Redemption Amount due under one Note on the Maturity Date, in each case after the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the Reduction Amount (the result of such deduction being floored at zero).  
 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
5.3 Change in Law and consequences 
 
Change in Law means in respect of Notes that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) 
the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Notes (i) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that it has become illegal for Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or to maintain the agreement entered into with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the Fiduciary, relating to the Underlying of the Notes (the Affected Underlying).  
 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date 
of a Change in Law, the Calculation Agent will decide to: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid, an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
B. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject 
to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to remove the Portfolio 
Component triggering the Change in Law and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components; or 
 
C. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date " as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 581 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
581 
5.4 China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary, then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China 
Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least two 
Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early 
Redemption. 
  
5.5 Holding Limit Event 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Holding Limit Event relating to a Portfolio Component (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent 
may: 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay or cause to be paid an 
Early Redemption Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions ; or. 
 
B. apply the "Monetisation until the Maturity Date " as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
C. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio Component provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make 
any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the 
Notes (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to remove 
the Portfolio Component triggering the Holding Limit Event and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components. 
 
  
6. PORTFOLIO DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
6.1 Consequences of a Portfolio Disruption Event 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Portfolio Disruption Event means a Basket Component Disruption Event or a Market Data Disruption Event, both as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
 
Basket Component Disruption Event means an Equity Instrument Disruption Event, a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event, a 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event or a Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event. 
 
If a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Calculation Agent shall not calculate 
the Portfolio Level on such Disrupted Day and the next Calculation Date for all Portfolio Components shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following the initial Disrupted Day is also a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio 
Component, in which case: 
 
(i) the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date following the initial Disrupted Day, and each Scheduled Calculation Date that is a Disrupted 
Day thereafter, shall be deemed to be a Calculation Date (each, a Disrupted Calculation Date), notwithstanding the existence of a 
Portfolio Disruption Event on such date and only for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level; and  
 
(ii) on each Disrupted Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Portfolio Level in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Portfolio Level as set out in these Conditions provided that:  
 
(a) if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Basket Component Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Basket Component(s) 
only (such Basket Component(s) the Affected Basket Component(s)): 
 
(x) the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such Affected Basket 
Component(s) last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and  
(y) the level of each of the Market Data as described in the definition of such Market Data on the relevant date(s) of determination 
shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; 
 
(b) if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Market Data Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Market Data only (such Market 
Data the Affected Market Data): 
 
(x) the level or price of each Basket Component as described in the definition of such Basket Component(s), on the relevant date(s) 
of determination shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; and

--- Page 582 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
582 
(y) the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of 
determination; or 
 
(c) if the Portfolio Disruption Event comprises both a Basket Component Disruption Event as well as a Market Data Disruption Event:  
 
(x) the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such Affected Basket 
Component last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and  
(y) the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of 
determination.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this Condition 6.1, any Portfolio Component(s) that are neither an Affected Basket 
Component, nor an Affected Market Data will be valued as of the Disrupted Calculation Date.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Portfolio Disruption Event is continuing on any day falling on or after the first Disrupted 
Calculation Date, then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(a) apply "Monetisation until the  Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b) substitute the relevant Affected Basket Component or Affected Market Data with another instrument (which shall then become a 
substitute Basket Component or Market Data) provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any taxes 
to be withhold or paid); or 
 
(c) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay an Early Redemption Amount 
on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
6.2 Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument,  
 
1. if the Equity Instrument is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, and  
 
(a) if the Basket Component Type is “Share” or “ETF”, the occurrence or existence of a Share Disruption Event, or  
 
(b) if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event 
by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Share Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the components in such 
Underlying Index, or  
 
2. if the Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on Funds or any similar instrument specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and  
 
(a) if the Basket Component Type is “Fund”, the occurrence or existence of a Fund Disruption Event, or 
 
(b) if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event 
by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Fund Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the components in such 
Underlying Index. 
 
Where, 
 
Share Disruption Event means (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption or (c) an Early Closure.  
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Trading Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise  
 
(a) relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant 
Exchange(s), or  
 
(b) relating to futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying 
Index or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
 
B. Exchange Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for  
 
(a) (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or

--- Page 583 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
583 
(b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) 
any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
 
C. Early Closure means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of  
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index 
or  
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index;  
 
in each case prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
 
And where, 
 
Fund Disruption Event means the occurrence or the likely occurrence of (a) a Calculation and/or Publication Disruption, (b) a Fund 
Settlement Disruption, or (c) a NAV Determination Disruption Event. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index 
on the aforementioned, the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party (including in case of any 
gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the Net Asset Value 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official Net Asset Value) or the net asset value of 
such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
B. Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, a failure by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption 
proceeds on the date by which the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index was scheduled to have paid such amount and 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such 
Fund or the net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index, including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of all 
illiquid assets of such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation 
of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of 
redemptions orders that the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund 
or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption 
orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial 
statements of the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index have been reviewed by its statutory auditors (holdback), in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index without being envisaged in the Fund 
Documents on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by 
the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index after such date. 
 
C. NAV Determination Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned, the occurrence of any event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party that is not a Calculation 
and/or Publication Disruption or Fund Settlement Disruption affecting such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, making it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund or 
net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of Share Disruption Event applies: 
 
A. Share Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange 
Disruption, (C) a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (D) an Early Closure or (E) a China Connect Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof: 
 
B. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
C. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the Share 
on the Exchange, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange;

--- Page 584 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
584 
 
D. China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service;  
 
E. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or (b) any Related Exchange, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
 
F. China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
 
6.3 Commodity Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, any event 
that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the determination of the level or price of such Commodity Instrument, 
and includes, without limitation: 
 
1. if the Basket Component Type is a Single Commodity, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure; or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A. Failure to Publish means the failure by the relevant price source to make public the relevant price, or the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the price source; or 
 
B. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading - imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
- (a) relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on the 
Exchange, or (b) relating to futures or options contracts relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
 
C. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related 
Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index,  
 
D. Early Closure means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying 
Index or; 
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying such Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day.  
 
6.4. Debt Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of any of 
the following events:

--- Page 585 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
585 
1. if the Basket Component Type is Single Debt, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure, or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A. Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities 
or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation 
or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index). 
 
B. Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organized or Regulated 
Market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an 
Underlying Index) is traded,  
 
C. Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations, or obtain market values for, (a) such (i) Debt Instrument or (ii) 
any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange or (b) 
futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such 
Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index,  
 
D. Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that 
is an Underlying Index; or  
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
6.5 Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Derivatives Instrument, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
1. if the Basket Component Type is Single Derivatives, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A.     Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or 
any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the 
redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument 
underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index),  
 
B.     Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index) is traded,  
 
C.     Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants 
in general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Derivatives Instrument 
or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange 
or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) 
such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying 
Index,  
 
D.     Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Derivatives 
Instrument that is an Underlying Index or;

--- Page 586 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
586 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index,  
 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
6.6 Market Data Disruption Event 
 
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to a Portfolio Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the Portfolio Level. 
 
7. PORTFOLIO EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
  
7.1 Consequences of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event  
 
If a Portfolio Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s) (any such Portfolio Component, an 
Affected Portfolio Component) on a Scheduled Calculation Date (an Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(a) apply "Monetisation until the Maturity Date" as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b) substitute the Affected Portfolio Component with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute Portfolio Component) 
provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
 
(c) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and shall pay an Early Redemption 
Amount on the basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Portfolio Extraordinary Event means an Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Market Data Extraordinary Event or an 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event as defined herein. 
 
7.2 Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, (i) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Share issued by a Company, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event, (ii) if such Equity Instrument 
is an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event or an ETF Extraordinary Event, or (iii) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence a Fund Extraordinary Event. 
 
Where, 
 
(i) Share Extraordinary Event means (a) a Liquidation; (b) a Delisting; (c) a Nationalisation; (d) a Merger Event; (e) a De-Merger 
Event or (f) a Participation Event. 
 
A. Liquidation means that the company related to this Share or the ETF related to this ETF Share is subject to a voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, nationalisation, expropriation or is otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.  
 
B. Delisting means that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Share or ETF Share 
ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than the events described under 
Share Disruption Event) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union).  
 
C. Nationalisation means that all the Shares or ETF Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of a company or ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
D. Merger Event means, in respect of any Share: 
 
a. any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of currency reference of the Share) that results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
b. any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding); 
 
c. other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or 
part of such Shares (other than any of such Shares owned or controlled by the offeror);

--- Page 587 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
587 
 
d. any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event; or 
 
e. take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
E. De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to such Share is affected by a de-merger including, 
without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
F. Participation Event means that a Company (whose Shares form part of the Portfolio) takes a stake exceeding 20 per cent. of 
another Company whose Shares (which shall be the Affected Share in respect of such Participation Event) also form part of the 
Portfolio. 
 
(ii) ETF Extraordinary Event means (a) ETF Strategy Breach, (b) ETF Termination, (c) ETF Currency Change, (d) ETF Regulatory 
Action, (e) ETF Reporting Event, (f) ETF Modification, (g) ETF Reclassification or (h) ETF Redemption or Subscription Event. 
 
A. ETF Strategy Breach means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherwise, of the Strategy that is reasonably likely 
to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof.  
 
B. ETF Termination means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETF Manager of the legal arrangements which gave rise to the ETF.  
 
C. ETF Currency Change means that the net asset value of the ETF is quoted in a different currency to that quoted as of the Issue 
Date. 
 
D. ETF Regulatory Action means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the ETF 
Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the ETF Shares, (ii) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Manager or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has 
or is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares or on the value of the 
ETF Shares, or (iii) the ETF, or its ETF Manager becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF, (including, 
without limitation, any future, announced or implemented material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action letters or 
interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including guidance issued by the SEC’s staff, 
relating to the ETF or to exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of the ETF Shares, whether occurring through action of 
the SEC or otherwise, including as a result of a court order or executive order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is 
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETF Shares, or the operation of the 
ETF in accordance with the terms of the ETF Documents or (iv) the issuance by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Fund of an order to suspend redemption obligations of the ETF, to freeze assets of the ETF or to take any other 
action that the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of 
the ETF Shares. 
 
E. ETF Reporting Event means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETF that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of the ETF, and such event 
continues for at least five consecutive Exchange Business Days. 
 
F. ETF Modification means any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the value 
of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the Issue Date. 
 
G. ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Shares or (ii) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of 
ETF into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the Calculation Agent determines to be different from the 
mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs). 
 
H. ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any ETF Shares, (ii) the introduction of a 
mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETF Shares, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption 
order in respect of the ETF Shares, or (iv) the introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption fees with respect to 
the ETF Shares in excess of those in effect as of the Issue Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
ETF Documents means in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
 
ETF Manager means, in respect of an ETF, each of the investment advisor, investment manager and sub-manager of such ETF, 
and any other key individual or entity involved with or having supervisory or management powers over such ETF.

--- Page 588 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
588 
Strategy means, in relation to the ETF, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Documents which contribute to the 
net asset value of the ETF Shares. 
 
(iii) Fund Extraordinary Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) Breach or Termination of Agreement, (b) 
Closure of the Fund, (c) Fund Adviser Event, (d) Fund Insolvency Event, (e) Fund Modification, (f) Fund Service Provider Event, (g) 
Holding Ratio, (h) Insolvency, (i) Liquidity Modification, (j) Merger Event, (k) Nationalisation, (l) Regulatory Action, (m) Reporting 
Disruption, (n) Strategy Breach. 
 
A. Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply 
with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates, 
defining the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions 
in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund 
Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates, 
the termination of such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its 
affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
 
B. Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those mentioned in (D) or 
(H) below;  
 
C. Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent (either due to redemptions or decrease in 
value of such assets); 
 
D. Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
 
E. Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date, that could 
reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited 
to an open-end fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
F. Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a 
change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service 
Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event 
described in (D) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was 
prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management 
of the Fund has occurred; 
 
G. Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Calculation Agent has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund and/or its operating 
expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such extent 
that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Replicating Party or funds managed by the 
same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
H. Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
I. Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can 
be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date or implements a modification of the 
conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date;

--- Page 589 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
589 
J. Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of the Fund, its 
consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
K. Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
 
L. Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval 
of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
M. Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) 
information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party or (b) information that 
has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party in accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative’s, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
 
N. Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, 
that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent of the risk profile of the 
Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction 
of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund. 
 
7.3 Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Events 
 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, the 
occurrence of (a) a Commodity Instrument Modification, (b) a Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification or (c) a Commodity 
Instrument Cancellation. 
 
A. Commodity Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Commodity Instrument documentation relating to 
such Commodity Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Commodity Instrument or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription or redemption of the 
Commodity Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the 
Commodity Instrument documentation.  
 
C. Commodity Instrument Cancellation means the unavailability, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant 
Commodity Instrument. 
 
7.4 Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a 
Debt Instrument Modification, (b) a Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification, (c) a Debt Instrument Cancellation or (d) a Failure to Pay. 
 
A. Debt Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Debt Instrument documentation relating to such Debt 
Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Debt Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription or redemption of the Debt 
Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Debt Instrument 
documentation.  
 
C. Debt Instrument Cancellation means the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument. 
 
D. Failure to Pay means the failure of the issuer of the Debt Instrument to make, when and where due, any payment under the Debt 
Instrument documentation or under any other debt instrument issued by the issuer of the Debt Instrument at the time of such failure.  
 
7.5 Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Change of 
Derivatives Instrument Exchange, (b) a Change of Derivatives Instrument, (c) a Modification to Derivatives Instrument or (d) a 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument. 
 
A. Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange means that the Derivatives Instrument is no longer negotiated on the Exchange 
and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 590 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
590 
 
B. Change of Derivatives Instrument means that the Derivatives Instrument is replaced by a successor derivatives product that is 
not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
 
C. Modification to Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Derivatives Instrument 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Derivatives Instrument or in any 
other way materially modifies that Derivatives Instrument. 
 
D. Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of a Derivatives Instrument announces that it will permanently 
cancel such Derivatives Instrument. 
 
7.6 Market Data Extraordinary Event  
 
A. Market Data Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Market Data, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Market Data Publisher, 
(b) a Change of Market Data, (c) a Modification to Market Data or (d) a Cancellation of Market Data. 
 
B. Change of Market Data Publisher means that the Market Data is not calculated and/or announced by the publisher of such 
Market Data in the same conditions as those prevailing as of the Issue Date. 
 
C. Change of Market Data means that the Market Data is replaced by a successor market data or index that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
D. Modification to Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating such Market Data or in any other way materially modifies that Market Data (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Market Data). 
 
E. Cancellation of Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will permanently cancel such Market 
Data. 
 
7.7 Underlying Index Extraordinary Event 
 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Underlying 
Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent; (b) a Change of Underlying Index, (c) a Modification to Underlying Index, (d) a 
Cancellation of Underlying Index or (e) Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event. 
 
A. Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent means that an Underlying Index is not calculated 
and/or announced by the sponsor of the Underlying Index, or as the case may be, the calculation agent of the Underlying Index, but 
is calculated and/or announced by a successor underlying index sponsor, or as the case may be, a successor underlying index 
calculation agent that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Change of Underlying Index means that the Underlying Index is (i) replaced by a successor index or (ii) merges with another 
index to constitute a merged index. 
 
C. Modification to Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating such Underlying Index or in any other way materially modifies that Underlying Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation and other routine events). 
 
D. Cancellation of Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it will permanently cancel such 
Underlying Index.  
 
E. Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Index.  
 
8. ADJUSTMENTS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO COMPONENTS 
 
8.1 Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Portfolio Component and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the 
elements relating to the relevant Portfolio Component used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or 
adjust any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary 
under the Notes (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (b) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. In its determination of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Portfolio Components of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent 
shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid 
or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent 
may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the Portfolio Component (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any).

--- Page 591 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
591 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.1: 
 
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of the country in which the issuer of the 
Portfolio Component has been incorporated or (if relevant) in which the Exchange, on which the Portfolio Component is listed, is 
located. 
 
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Portfolio Components who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in which 
the issuer of the Portfolio Component has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share is listed, is located (the 
Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, the jurisdiction 
of residence of the Offshore Investor (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means an Equity Potential Adjustment Event or an Other Potential Adjustment Event as defined herein. 
 
8.2 Equity Potential Adjustment Event 
 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event means a Share Potential Adjustment Event or an ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event. 
 
Share Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, any of the following: 
 
A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B. a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (a) such Shares, (b) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C. an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D. a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
 
E. a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F. an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G. any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares.  
 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, any of the following: 
 
A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units or ETF Shares, or a free distribution or dividend 
of any such Fund Units or ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B. a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares of (a) an additional quantity of such 
Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Fund or ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (c) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund or ETF as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or 
other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C. an extraordinary dividend; 
 
D. a repurchase by the Fund or ETF of relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units or ETF Shares initiated by an investor in such Fund or 
ETF that is consistent with the Fund Documents or the ETF Documents; or 
 
E. any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Fund or ETF or quantity of Fund Units or ETF Shares. 
 
8.3 Other Potential Adjustment Event

--- Page 592 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
 
592 
Other Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument, a Derivatives Instrument or a 
Market Data, any event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
such Commodity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Derivatives Instrument or Market Data and which is not anticipated in terms of the 
relevant instrument as at the Issue Date of the Notes or the occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur.

--- Page 593 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
593 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Dividend Linked Notes".  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) representing shares issued by 
a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose Dividends are used to determine the amount due under the 
Dividend Linked Notes, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, Hedge Positions that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would 
consider necessary to hedge the Structured Notes at that time. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 2 below). 
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices in the relative proportions or numbers of 
Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Business Day has the meaning given to it in Condition 3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Closing Price in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt means: 
 
(a)    if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of such Share for the 
day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the Exchange 
(tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
 
(b)    if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means the price as 
published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the markets 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
 
(c)    if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
 
(d)    in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition [3] below, or (if applicable) the Daily Settlement Price. 
 
Company means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Share or the Deposited Securities related to such 
Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) in which an equivalent 
proprietary unit is held. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant future is computed by the Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the 
Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period.

--- Page 594 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
594 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of an Index and for a day that falls on the last day of quotation of the principal futures 
contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, the official settlement price of the principal futures contract on the Index on 
such day, determined under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
 
Depositary means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time in such capacity. 
 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company that has issued the 
shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt was issued.  
 
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (including an ADR and/or a GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and which constitute 
Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Notes, subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. Such Depositary Receipt(s) shall be referred to in the applicable Final 
Terms as the “Dividend Related Company”. 
 
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement pursuant to 
which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
 
Designated Contract means an options or futures contract on the Share or Depositary Receipt traded on the Related Exchange with 
an expiry date (or the date which would have been the expiry date but for that day being a Disrupted Day or not being a Scheduled 
Trading Day) that matches the relevant Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, Depositary 
Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices comprising the Basket and observed separately), any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
 
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
 
(c) in the case of an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index; or 
 
(d) in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during 
its regular order-routing session. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day will be deemed to have occurred if it has occurred 
with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt.  
 
Dividend means (i) in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or (ii) in respect of an Index, for each Share or Depositary Receipt 
comprising such Index: 
 
A. an amount of dividend per Share or Depositary Receipt as declared by the Company, before the withholding or deduction of taxes 
at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a dividend (an Applicable Authority), but 
which shall not take into account: 
 
(a) any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by an Applicable Authority (together, the Credits); and 
 
(b) any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on the Credits referred to in (a) above, and/or 
 
B. an amount per Share or Depositary Receipt being the cash value of any dividend paid in shares (whether or not such dividend 
comprises shares that are not the ordinary shares of the issuer) declared by the Company (or, if no cash value is declared by the 
relevant issuer, the cash value of such dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent, calculated by reference to the opening price 
of such ordinary shares on the Ex-Dividend Date applicable to that dividend) provided that if holders of record of the relevant Share 
or Depositary Receipt may elect between receiving an amount as defined in (A) above or in this subparagraph (B), the dividend shall 
be deemed to be an amount as defined in (A) above. 
 
Provided that, this definition shall exclude (a) any dividends in relation to which the Index Sponsor makes an adjustment to the Index 
when the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered as a component of an Index, or (b) any dividends in relation to which the Related 
Exchange makes an adjustment to the Designated Contract when the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered individually or as 
part of a basket (however where the Index Sponsor has adjusted the Index for part of a dividend or as the case may be the Related 
Exchange, the provisions above shall apply only to the unadjusted part). 
 
Provided further that, where a Designated Contract in respect of a Share either does not exist or has not commenced trading at the 
time of making the relevant determination, “Dividend” shall be deemed to include any dividends or portion thereof which are not 
“extraordinary dividends”. For the purposes hereof, the characterization of a dividend or portion thereof as an “extraordinary dividend” 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Where any Dividend is declared in a currency other than the Specified Currency of the Notes, then the Calculation Agent shall convert 
such Dividend into the Specified Currency of the Notes at the rate declared by the issuer of the relevant Share or the Depositary 
Receipt or the Index Sponsor where any such rate is available or, if no such rate is available, at a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 595 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
595 
 
Dividend Amount means: 
 
a) in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to the sum, for any 
Ex-Dividend Date belonging to the relevant Dividend Period, of the Dividends. 
 
b) in respect of an Index and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to the sum, for any Ex-Dividend Date 
belonging to the relevant Dividend Period, of the following ratio calculated for each Share or Depositary Receipt that is comprised in 
the Index on such Ex-Dividend Date:  
 
(i) the Official Number of the Share or Depositary Receipt on such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by its Dividend on that Ex-Dividend 
Date, to 
 
(ii) the Official Index Divisor, as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor for such Ex-Dividend Date, subject to section 5.1 
“Failure to Publish” below. 
 
Dividend Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share, a Depositary Receipt or Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share, a Depositary Receipt or Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited Securities underlying a Dividend that is a 
Depositary Receipt, Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities. 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, 
Depositary Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices comprised in the Basket and observed 
separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) in the case of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) 
in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a China Connect Business Day. 
 
Ex-Dividend Date means in respect of a Dividend: 
(i) in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt, the date on which the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt is scheduled to commence 
trading ex-dividend on the primary exchange or quotation system for such Share or Depositary Receipt, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
(ii) in respect of an Index and for any Share or Depositary Receipt that is comprised in the Index, the date on which the relevant Share 
or Depositary Receipt is scheduled to commence trading ex-dividend on the primary exchange or quotation system for such Share or 
Depositary Receipt, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
GDR means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to 
determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Notes, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Index means an index (or the indices in case of a Basket), specified in the applicable Final Terms, whose components are used to 
determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Notes, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
Such Index shall be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as the “Dividend Related Index”. 
 
Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or 
(b) announces (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange 
is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise

--- Page 596 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
596 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied 
on the overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the occurrence or existence of (A) a 
Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the 
China Connect Services, a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services, a China Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or Depositary Receipt on the 
Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
 
B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for (a) the Share or Depositary Receipt on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options 
contracts relating to the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) any Related 
Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
 
D. China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service; 
 
E. China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
 
Official Index Divisor means the value, calculated by the Index Sponsor, necessary to ensure that the numerical value of the Index 
remains unchanged after a change in the composition of the Index. The value of the Index after any change in its composition is 
divided by the Official Index Divisor to ensure that the value of the Index returns to its normalised value. 
 
Official Number means, in respect of a date, an Index and a Share or Depositary Receipt comprising such Index, the number of free-
floating shares relating to such Share or Depositary Receipt comprised in the Index, as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
on such date, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1 below. 
 
Opening Price means in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary 
Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Opening Price means in respect of an Index: 
 
(i)    in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as defined under the rules of 
the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, 
and calculated following the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;  
 
(ii)    in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted 
(if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason whatsoever, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan).

--- Page 597 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
597 
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, the 
related Deposited Securities) each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or 
Deposited Securities, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities, has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange). 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any component security. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange, (or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange (or Related Exchange or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China 
Connect Service), without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, 
Depositary Receipts or  Indices, in respect of any Share, Depositary Receipt or Index comprised in the Basket and observed 
separately)any day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) in the case of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the closing price of the Index or (b) in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, on which the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including without limitation, a common unit in a limited partnership), of 
the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a Basket) specified in the applicable Final Terms whose dividends 
are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Notes, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
3.1 below. Such Share(s) shall be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as the “Dividend Related Company”. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax 
residence of the issuer and in respect of an Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a 
component security. 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day). 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that 
if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Valuation Date or the Averaging 
Date for such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for such Share, Depositary 
Receipt or Index notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day,  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day and such value or level so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. In the case of an Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent shall be made in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of that 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or if an event giving rise to 
a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, the value 
of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
 
Provided that if the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Share, 
Depositary Receipt or Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each 
such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date. 
 
Provided however that,

--- Page 598 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
598 
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Notes on 
the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as 
the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be 
made under the  Structured Notes on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the 
determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the value or level of the 
Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
(c) all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through which the Structured Notes are cleared and settled, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO A SHARE OR A DEPOSITARY RECEIPT – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES, 
CHINA CONNECT SERVICE SHARE DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1 Adjustment Events  and extraordinary events  
 
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the following: 
 
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or 
Deposited Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
C.    an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D.    a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
 
E.    a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F.    an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G.    any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares or the Depositary Receipt. 
 
If a Potential Adjustment Event (as defined in this Condition 3.1.1) occurs affecting the Share or Depositary Receipts (the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipts) the dividend of which is used to determine the amounts due under Notes indexed on 
Dividends, then the Calculation Agent will, subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of the definition of "Dividend" in Condition 1 
above, adjust any terms of the Notes, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Notes of 
such event. 
 
Subject as described in the paragraph above, following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the 
Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect:  
 
(i)    on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements 
relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Notes and/or adjust any other terms of

--- Page 599 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
599 
the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Fiduciary under the Notes and 
(b) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
 
(ii)    on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an event that has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent 
that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of 
the Deposited Securities that are represented by each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be 
affected by any such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. 
If the Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt 
or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may make the 
necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Depositary Receipt used to determine any settlement or payment terms under 
the Notes and/or any other terms of the Notes as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of 
the Fiduciary under the Notes (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The Depositary may also have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the Depositary 
Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. Upon any 
such adjustment by the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate to account for such event.  
 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or on the 
Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such 
Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requirement, adjustment 
and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event.  
 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such 
Related Exchange.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in 
which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed 
is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
3.1.2 Extraordinary Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts and consequences 
 
A.    Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging 
Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an 
Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as applicable (an Affected 
Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may 
decide to apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt as the case may be. 
 
B.    If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period with respect to the Affected Share 
or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
 
(a)    in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the 
case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent shall apply in relation to Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined, either: 
 
    (x)    Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or  
 
    (y)    Method of Substitution 
 
(b)    in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the Calculation Agent will 
either: 
 
   (x)    continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain the original number 
of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) will be elected and included in the 
Basket;  
 
   (y)    substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipt selected as 
described in the Method of Substitution; 
 
(c)    in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth 
Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either:

--- Page 600 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
600 
    (x)    replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or depositary receipts of the successor 
companies;  
 
    (y)    substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to the Method of 
Substitution;  
 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of companies in the Basket 
and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with 
several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a 
sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
 
(d)    in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
 
(e)    in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
 
         (x)    that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant to the Method of Substitution;  
 
         (y)    that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or whether a condition 
has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such 
Insolvency until the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the 
liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation;  
 
(f) In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent has not retained as the case may be, (x) or if 
in (y) no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
        (x)    apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
        (y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the relevant Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events 
described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e), an Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
C.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder. 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition : 
 
Calculation Agent Adjustment means that, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), the Calculation 
Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the 
exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Note as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Note of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will be 
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary 
Receipt or to the Note), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger 
Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts 
traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment 
of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in 
inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or the 
disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt)).  
 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such Share or Depositary 
Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
 
Early Redemption means that there will be an early redemption of the Notes on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no later than 90 Business 
Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency during which:

--- Page 601 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
601 
A.    Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the 
Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of the relevant assets traded 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
 
B.    the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares accordingly 
during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute 
Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Notes, as 
observed during such Fixing Period. 
 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon which holders of the necessary number of the 
relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or 
controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or 
Deposited Securities. 
 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
 
A.    any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of currency reference of the Share or 
the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited Security 
outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
B.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities): 
 
C.    other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain one hundred per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities 
owned or controlled by the offeror); or 
 
D.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the 
outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or 
Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing Event, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new 
share or a new depositary receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case of Combined Consideration into 
New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the 
cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) 
and (b) above. 
 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to 
take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the company 
issuing such Substituted Share or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities will be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Notes. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a recognised 
exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 602 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
602 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, the De-listing Event, the 
De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the 
De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror or a third party). 
 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New Shares. 
 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than ten per cent. and less than one hundred per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on which voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
3.1.3 Stop-Loss Event 
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on any Exchange Business Day between 
the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is 
affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a new share or depositary 
receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or 
the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) and will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor decided to continue with 
the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Condition 6.5 “Monetisation until the Maturity Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes. In that case, the Fiduciary shall terminate its 
obligations under the Notes and pay to each Noteholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it 
is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
3.1.4 Correction of the Closing Price 
 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by 
the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction, provided however that, all references 
to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2 China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service;

--- Page 603 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
603 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary, then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China 
Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s) upon at least two 
Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will consider this event 
as an event triggering the early redemption of the Notes (hereafter an “Early Redemption Event”). Where an Early Redemption 
Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value 
as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO  AN INDEX – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
4.1 Adjustments in relation to an Index 
 
A. If an Index is: 
 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may be, but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor calculation agent (the Successor Index 
Calculation Agent)), in each case acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(b) replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index Sponsor or Successor 
Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
 
B. If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
 
(a) on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) 
makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities 
and capitalisation and other routine events (an Index Modification). For the avoidance of doubt, the following events do not constitute 
"routine events" : a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other 
event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
 
(b) on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may be, fails to calculate and publish 
the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in 
connection with the Notes (an Index Disruption); or 
 
(c) the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an Index Cancellation and together with an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event). 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(x)  calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange); or 
 
(y) replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as 
the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD 
countries. 
 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(i)  apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii)  consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Notes (hereafter, an Early Redemption Event). Where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, 
as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4.2 Stop-Loss Event in relation to an Index

--- Page 604 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
604 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on an Exchange Business Day after the 
initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), 
then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one 
or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue with the Affected Index, the Calculation 
Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Monetisation until the Maturity Date as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an Early Redemption Event. Where Stop-Loss Event occurs, the Fiduciary shall 
terminate its obligations under the Notes and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the 
Stop-Loss Event, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions.  
 
4.3 Correction of the Closing Price in relation to an Index 
 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by 
the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or 
any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a 
result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Notes to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
5. EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS RELATING TO DIVIDENDS 
 
5.1 Failure to Publish 
 
5.1.1 Failure to Publish 
 
In respect of an Index, if during the Dividend Period the Index Sponsor fails (for whatever reason including without limitation, a Market 
Disruption Event) to calculate and publish (i) the Official Number or (ii) the Official Index Divisor, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as the case may be). 
 
In making any such determination, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) make reference to the formula for and 
method of calculating the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as the case may be) last in effect prior to the failure by the 
Index Sponsor to make the relevant calculation or publication. 
 
5.1.2 Corrections 
 
In respect of an Index, in the event that an Official Index Divisor or Official Number calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
(or determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 above) and utilized for any calculation or 
determination made in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected (or, where there has been a Failure to Publish, published by 
the Index Sponsor) and the correction is published (or, where there has been a Failure to Publish, publication is made) by the Index 
Sponsor within five Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Dividend, as required, 
to take into account such correction, provided that such correction or subsequent publication occurs no later than four Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), 
 
provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5.2 Dividend Recovery 
 
In respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or in respect of each Share or Depositary Receipt comprising an Index, if (a) the amount 
actually paid or delivered by an issuer to holders of record of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt in respect of any Dividend 
declared by such issuer to holders of record of such Share or Depositary Receipt (a Declared Dividend) is not equal to such Declared 
Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch Event); or (b) such issuer fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of such Declared Dividend 
by the third Business Day following the relevant due date, then the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) determine: (i)  
any appropriate adjustment or repayment to be made to account for such Dividend Mismatch Event or non-payment or non-delivery 
of the Declared Dividend, as the case may be, (ii) the date any such repayment should be made, and (iii) any interest on any amount 
subsequently due under the Notes.

--- Page 605 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
605 
5.3 Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences in relation to a 
Dividend 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a 
Dividend (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes.

--- Page 606 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
 
606 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES  
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Preference Share Linked Notes". 
 
1. DEFINITIONS 
 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Insolvency Filing and/or Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and equal to:  
 
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Early / Preference Share Value Initial) 
 
and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to a minimum of 10 per cent. of the Calculation Amount. 
 
Early Redemption Event means that (i) the Fiduciary has become aware that the Preference Shares will redeem prior to their 
scheduled redemption other than pursuant to a Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event, (ii) the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred or (iii) the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred.  
 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means (i) in the case of an Early Redemption Event other than an Insolvency Filing, the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent following the Early Redemption Event provided that such date shall be a date within a minimum 
period of time required in order to value the Notes following the Early Redemption Event and must be a date on which the Preference 
Shares remain in issue and (ii) in the case of an Insolvency Filing, the date immediately preceding the date of such Insolvency Filing 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
 
Extraordinary Event means a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency and/or a Preference Share Adjustment Event. 
 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Final / Preference Share Value Initial) 
 
and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to a minimum of 10 per cent. of the Calculation Amount. 
 
Hedge Counterparty means any party with which the Fiduciary enters into one or any number of arrangements in order to hedge the 
Fiduciary’s obligations to make any payment in respect of the Notes and may, for the avoidance of doubt, include Societe Generale 
and/or any of its affiliates. 
 
Hedging Disruption has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions, or loans in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange or (b) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Hedge Counterparty, 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Fiduciary's obligations in respect of the Notes. 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging has the meanings given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Insolvency means a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the Preference Share Issuer as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Insolvency Filing has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Maturity Date means the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that:  
 
(i) if (a) Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption is applicable in relation to the Preference Shares, and (b) a Preference Share 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Maturity Date shall be the day that is five Business Days immediately before the 
automatic early redemption date for the redemption of the Preference Shares corresponding to the valuation date on which the 
Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred under the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and, 
 
(ii) if the Valuation Date(1) is to be delayed pursuant to the provisions of the Valuation Date(1) definition below, the Maturity Date shall 
be delayed to five Business Days following Valuation Date(1). 
 
Merger Date means the date upon which holders of the necessary number of Preference Shares (other than in the case of a takeover 
offer, Preference Shares owned or controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become 
obliged to transfer their Preference Shares.

--- Page 607 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
 
607 
 
Merger Event means any (A) reclassification or change of the Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Preference Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (B) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Preference Shares outstanding), (C) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Preference 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than such Preference 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (D) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange 
of the Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Preference Shares 
(other than Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less 
than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, or takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
voting shares of the Preference Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Preference Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption Amount(i)) means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to: 
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional / Preference Share Value Initial) or 
Calculation Amount x (Preference Share Value Optional(i) / Preference Share Value Initial) 
 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i)) means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant Notes. The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Optional Redemption Valuation Date 
(or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i) as the case may be) will be specified in the notice relating to the Redemption at the Option 
of the Fiduciary. 
 
Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Event means the occurrence of an automatic early redemption event under the 
terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Preference Share Issuer means Mapleis Limited. 
 
Preference Shares means the preference shares as specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Preference Share Issuer. 
 
Preference Share Adjustment Event means any adjustment to the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares or amounts or 
values previously determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Preference Shares, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Preference Shares. 
 
Preference Share Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Preference Share on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
Preference Share Value Early means the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
Preference Share Value Final means the Preference Share Value on the Valuation Date(1). 
 
Preference Share Value Initial means the Preference Share Value on the Valuation Date(0). 
 
Preference Share Value Optional (or Preference Share Value Optional(i)) means the Preference Share Value on the Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Redemption Valuation Date(i) as the case may be). 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Date(1) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
 
(a) if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference 
Shares, falling on or about such day is to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, by reason 
of a disruption, adjustment or other actual or potential event, the Valuation Date(1) shall be such delayed valuation or determination 
date(s); and 
 
(b) if Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption is applicable in relation to the Preference Shares and a Preference Share 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Valuation Date(1) will be the valuation date under the Preference Shares on which 
the automatic early redemption event has occurred (the Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date), provided 
further that if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for the

--- Page 608 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
 
608 
Preference Shares falling on, or about the Preference Share Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is to be delayed in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, by reason of a disruption, adjustment or other actual or potential 
event, the Valuation Date(1) shall be such delayed valuation or determination date(s); 
  
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
2.       EARLY REDEMPTION OF PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES  
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and if in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the General Terms and Conditions and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
3.       OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES  
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and Redemption at the Option of the 
Fiduciary is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of  the General Terms and Conditions and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be 
redeemed by payment of the Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption Amount(i), as the case may be) on the Optional 
Redemption Date (or Optional Redemption Date(i), as the case may be), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Preference Share Linked Notes and Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Noteholder shall have the option to require the Issuer to redeem 
its Note(s), upon such Noteholder giving notice to the Fiduciary in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
The Fiduciary will then, upon expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to and in accordance with the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note(s) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount, on the Optional Redemption Date(s).

--- Page 609 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
 
609 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Type of Structured Notes" is stated as being "Warrant Linked Notes". 
 
1. DEFINITIONS 
 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (or Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i)) means, in respect of each Note, an amount 
in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to either of the following (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Exercise / Warrant Value Initial); or 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Exercise(i) / Warrant Value Initial) 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event (or Automatic Early Redemption Event(i)) means in respect of the Notes that the Warrant 
becomes capable of being exercised early within a one-month period following an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the case may be). 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i)) means each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
and equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Early / Warrant Value Initial) 
 
Early Redemption Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event, an Insolvency Filing or 
a Warrant Termination Event has occurred. 
 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means (i) in case of an Additional Disruption Event, the date determined by the Calculation Agent 
following such Additional Disruption Event provided that such date shall be a date within a minimum period of time required in order 
to value the Notes following the occurrence of such Additional Disruption Event and must be a date on which the Warrants remain in 
issue; (ii) in case of an Insolvency Filing the date immediately preceding such Insolvency Filing or (iii) in case of a Warrant Termination 
Event, the Warrant Termination Date which corresponds to such Warrant Termination Event, as the case may be. 
 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Final / Warrant Value Initial) 
 
Hedge Counterparty means any party with which the Fiduciary enters into one or any number of arrangements in order to hedge the 
Fiduciary’s obligations to make any payment in respect of the Notes and may, for the avoidance of doubt, include Societe Generale 
and/or any of its affiliates. 
 
Hedging Disruption has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions, or loans in securities, options, 
futures, derivatives or foreign exchange or (b) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Hedge Counterparty, 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Fiduciary's obligations in respect of the Notes. 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Insolvency Filing has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
 
Optional Early Redemption Amount (or Optional Early Redemption Amount(i)) means, in respect of each Note, an amount in 
the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent and equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Optional / Warrant Value Initial) or 
 
Calculation Amount x (Warrant Value Optional(i) / Warrant Value Initial) 
 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date(i)) means the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may foresee that the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date (or Optional

--- Page 610 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
 
610 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(i) as the case may be) will be specified in the notice relating to the Redemption at the Option of the 
Fiduciary. 
 
Valuation Date(0) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Date(1) means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Warrants means the warrants issued by the Warrant Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Warrant Guarantor means the guarantor of the Warrants. 
 
Warrant Issuer means the issuer of the Warrants specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Warrant Termination Date means, in respect of a Warrant, the date on which such Warrant is cancelled or terminated as a result of 
a Warrant Termination Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Warrant Termination Event means, in respect of a Warrant, (a) the cancellation or termination of such Warrant for any reason other 
than (i) by reason of its scheduled exercise by a holder thereof, (ii) its automatic exercise pursuant to its terms or (b) a specified early 
cancellation event occurs in respect of such Warrant in accordance with its terms. 
 
Warrant Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Warrant on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Warrant Value Early means the Warrant Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
Warrant Value Optional (or Warrant Value Optional(i)) means the Warrant Value on the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date 
(or on the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Warrant Value Exercise (or Warrant Value Exercise(i)) means the Warrant Value on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (or on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the case may be), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Warrant Value Final means the Warrant Value on the Valuation Date(1). 
 
Warrant Value Initial means the Warrant Value on the Valuation Date(0). 
 
2. EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent an Early Redemption Event occurs, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Terms and Conditions and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be redeemed by payment of the 
Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following the Early Redemption Valuation Date or on any other date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.  AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
(or Automatic Early Redemption Event(i) as the case may be) occurs, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be redeemed 
by payment of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable following the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date (or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(i), as the case may be) or on any other date, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. OPTIONAL EARLY REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
 
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
Redemption at the Option of the Fiduciary is Applicable, the Fiduciary may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the General Terms and Conditions and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes, each Note to be redeemed by payment 
of the Optional Redemption Amount (or Optional Redemption Amount(i), as the case may be) on the Optional Redemption Date (or 
Optional Redemption Date(i), as the case may be), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
  
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Warrant Linked Notes, and if the Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders is set as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Noteholder shall have the option to require the Fiduciary to redeem 
any Note, upon such Noteholder giving notice to the Fiduciary, in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
The Fiduciary will then, upon expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to and in accordance with the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note, on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s).

--- Page 611 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
611 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE  
 
THIS GUARANTEE is made as of 17 June 2022 by Societe Generale (the Guarantor) in favour of the holders of the Secured Notes 
(as defined below) and the holders for the time being of interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Secured Notes (the Coupons, 
which expression shall include the receipts for the repayment of principal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Secured Notes). 
Each Noteholder and each holder of any such Coupon is a Noteholder.  
 
WHEREAS:  
 
(A) The Fiduciary (the Issuer) proposes from time to time to issue series of fiduciary notes (each a Series of Notes, such expression 
to include each Definitive Bearer Note, each Definitive Bearer SIS Note, each Definitive Registered Note, each Global Note, each 
Registered Note issued by an Issuer (the terms "Definitive Bearer Note", "Definitive Bearer SIS Note", "Definitive Registered Note", 
"Global Note" and "Registered Note" have the meanings ascribed thereto in the General Terms and Conditions (as set out in the base 
prospectus dated 17 June 2022 relating to the Issuer’s Fiduciary Note Programme (the Base Prospectus)), and to include any 
receipts issued in respect of Notes repayable in instalments)) in accordance with the Luxembourg Act dated 27 July 2003 relating to 
trust and fiduciary contracts, as amended (the Law). The Fiduciary may either issue secured notes (the Secured Notes or the Notes) 
or repack notes (the Repack Notes or the Notes), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
(B) The terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) will be set out in the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable final terms, a stand-alone prospectus or such other offering document(s) as may be issued by the Fiduciary from time to 
time.  
 
(C) This Guarantee will only apply in relation to Secured Notes issued on or after the date of this Guarantee.  
 
(D) The Issuer and the Guarantor have entered into an Agency Agreement dated 7 November 2017 in relation to the Notes (the 
Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) with 
the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other parties named therein. 
  
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows:  
 
1. GUARANTEE  
 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Holder of Secured Notes that, if,  
 
(i) other than following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, the Fiduciary does not for any reason pay any sum payable by 
it to such Holder in respect of any Secured Note, or any Coupon appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amounts 
of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under any of the foregoing), as and when the same shall 
become due under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the Guarantor will pay to such Holder on demand the amount payable by 
the Fiduciary to such Holder in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Secured Notes; and  
 
(ii) following the delivery of a Collateral Liquidation Notice, the Fiduciary does not pay when due the full amount payable by it to such 
Holder in respect of any Secured Note of any Series relating to the Collateral Pool to which such Collateral Liquidation Notice relates, 
or Coupon appertaining thereto (including any premium or any other amount of whatever nature, or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing), the Guarantor will pay to such Holder an amount equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) 
such Note’s pro-rata share of the amount equal to (i) the Early Redemption Amount calculated in respect of all of the Secured Notes 
of such Series minus (ii) the product of (x) the Collateral Assets Liquidation Proceeds as reduced by the payments of amounts to 
Margined Parties ranking prior to the Related Agreement Counterparty and (y) the Collateral Ratio.  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority. 
Therefore, all references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts payable by the Guarantor shall be to such sums and/or amounts as 
directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise modified 
from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority and the provisions of clause 1 shall be 
construed accordingly.  
 
The Guarantor waives all benefits of discussion.  
 
The Guarantor also waives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law any objection of any nature whatsoever 
towards any Noteholder. In particular, the Guarantor acknowledges that neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the 
Guarantee will be affected, and that it will not be released from its obligations, at no time, in the event (i) of a payment delay, a waiver 
or whatever acceptance would be granted to the Issuer (ii) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes would be subject to an amendment 
or whatever rider, (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor would be subject to a merger, division, or in case of disappearance of legal or factual 
ties existing between the Guarantor and the Issuer.  
 
2. CALL OF THE GUARANTEE  
 
The Guarantee may be called by written notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter with an acknowledgement of 
receipt by the relevant Noteholders. Any notification made under the Guarantee will be deemed to be received at the date of the first 
presentation of the registered letter with an acknowledgement of receipt.

--- Page 612 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
612 
All sums due under the Guarantee will be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in which they are due in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
 
3. TERM  
 
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects until no sums or amounts due by 
the Issuer under the Secured Notes remains payable.  
 
4. SUBROGATION  
 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not, by virtue of 
this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Noteholder or claim in competition with the Noteholders against the Issuer.  
 
5. STATUS OF GUARANTEE  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article L.613-30-I-3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (the 
French Code).  
 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:  
 
5.1 pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the 
date of the entry into force of the French law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 entered into force on 11 December 2016 (the 
Law);  
 
5.2 pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law;  
 
5.3 junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and  
 
5.4 senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor. 
  
6. STAMP DUTY AND REGISTRATION FEES  
 
All stamp duty and registration fees, as well as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and its performance may generate, 
will be borne by the Issuer.  
 
7. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION  
 
The Guarantee is governed by French law. Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its interpretation and its performance, will 
fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris.  
 
Paris, 17 June 2022

--- Page 613 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
 
613 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE  
 
 
1. STATUTORY AUDITORS  
 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022:  
 
Ernst & Young et Autres  
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes  
Represented by Micha Missakian,  
1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie - Paris-La Défense 1, France  
 
Deloitte & Associés  
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des  commissaires aux comptes 
Represented by Jean-Marc Mickeler,  
6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France.  
 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés have no material interest in Societe Generale.  
 
2. INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
3. BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
4. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
5. TREND INFORMATION  
 
Save as disclosed on pages 16 and 17 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a whole) since 31 December 2022.  
 
For information on any known trends regarding Societe Generale, please refer to pages 16, 17, 65 and 66 of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document and pages 3 to 5 and 31 of the First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document. 
 
6. PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES  
 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale.  
 
7. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
At the Date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Board of Directors 
and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers’ to Societe Generale and their private interests and/or other duties.  
 
8. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Societe Generale is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control.  
 
9. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
9.1 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
Save as disclosed on pages 270 and 624 to 627 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and on pages 41 to 44 of the First 
Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document, for a period covering the last twelve months, there has been no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts which are material in the context of the issue of Notes 
thereunder to which Societe Generale is a party nor, to the best of the knowledge and belief of Societe Generale, are there any 
pending or threatened governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to such claims or amounts which are material in the 
context of the issue of Notes thereunder which would in either case jeopardise the Guarantor’s ability to discharge its obligations in 
respect of the Notes.

--- Page 614 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
 
614 
See also section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
9.2 Significant change in the financial position 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or  performance of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(taken as a whole) since 31 March 2023. 
 
9.3 Recent Event 
 
The General Meeting of shareholders of Societe Generale was held on 23 May 2023 at Maison de la Mutualité - 24 rue Saint-Victor - 
75005 Paris and was chaired by Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi. 
 
Quorum was established at 53.45% (vs 54.83% in 2022): 
 
•  681 shareholders participated by attending the General Meeting in person at the place where it was held on 23 May 2023; 
•  914 shareholders were represented at the General Meeting on the day it was held by a person other than the Chairman; 
•  11605 shareholders voted online; 
•  2 754 shareholders voted by post;  
•   9 839 shareholders, including 7 244 online, representing 1.01% of the share capital, gave proxy to the Chairman; 
•  A total of 25 793 shareholders were, in accordance with the regulations, present or represented and thus participated in the vote. 
 
The agenda item, with no vote, was an opportunity to present and discuss with shareholders the Group's energy transition plan and 
social and environmental responsibility. 
 
In addition, 13 shareholders sent written questions prior to the General Meeting. The answers were made public before the General 
Meeting on the institutional website. 
 
All the resolutions put forward by the Board of Directors were adopted, in particular:  
•  The 2022 annual company accounts and annual consolidated accounts;  
•  The dividend per share was set at EUR 1.70. It shall traded ex-dividend on 30 May 2023 and paid from 1st June 2023; 
•  The appointment of four directors for 4 years: Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier, Mrs. Ulrika Ekman and Mr. 
Benoît de Ruffray;  
•  The compensation policy for the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the Directors;  
•  The components composing the total compensation and the benefits of any kind paid or awarded for the 2022 financial year to the 
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers;  
•  A favorable opinion was issued on the remuneration paid in 2022 to regulated persons; 
•  The authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase ordinary shares of the Company was renewed for 18 months up 
to 10% of the share capital; 
•  The authorisation for capital increases, enabling the issue of shares in favour of employees within the framework of a company or 
group saving plan, was renewed for 26 months; 
•  The amendments to the By-laws relating to the four-year term limit for Directors elected by employees and the capping at 74 of 
the Chairman’s age limit. 
 
The detailed voting result is available this day on the Company's website in the item "Annual General Meeting". 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Following the four appointments of directors decided by the General Meeting of 23 May 2023, the Board of Directors has the following 
composition: 
•  Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi, Chairman; 
•  Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Director; 
•  Mr. William Connelly, Director ; 
•  Mr. Jérôme Contamine, Director;  
•  Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier, Director ;  
•  Mrs. Diane Côté, Director;  
•  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman, Director; 
•  Mrs. France Houssaye, Director elected by employees; 
•  Mrs. Annette Messemer, Director ; 
•  Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge, Director; 
•  Mr Johan Praud, Director elected by employees; 
•  Mrs. Lubomira Rochet, Director;  
•  Mr. Benoît de Ruffray, Director ; 
•  Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld, Director; 
•  Mr. Sébastien Wetter, Director representing employees shareholders. 
•  Mr. Jean-Bernard Lévy, Non-voting Director (“censeur”). 
 
At the end of the General Meeting of 23 May 2023, on the proposal of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the 
Board of Directors unanimously appointed Mr. Slawomir Krupa as Chief Executive Officer. The functions of Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer will continue to be separated in accordance with Article L. 511-58 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 615 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
 
615 
Lorenzo Bini Smaghi, Chairman of the Board of Directors, said: “The Board of Directors expresses its warm gratitude to Frédéric 
Oudéa and to the General Management whose term of office has come to an end. It commends Frédéric Oudéa’s actions during his 
15 years of General Management, during which he demonstrated the Bank’s ability to withstand crises and adapt its business model 
before launching or expanding major strategic initiatives such as the merger of Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord retail banking 
networks in France, the development of Boursorama, the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD, the joint venture with Alliance Bernstein 
or the exit from Russia.  
 
The entire Board also joins me in warmly congratulating Slawomir Krupa on his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. It will be up 
to him, with the new General Management, to pursue these initiatives and further transform the Group for the greater benefit of its 
shareholders, customers and all its teams respecting its corporate purpose (raison d’être) ‘Building together, with our clients, a better 
and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions’.” 
 
After consulting the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board of Directors unanimously approved the proposal 
made by the Chief Executive Officer, in compliance with the regulations in force, to appoint Philippe Aymerich and Pierre Palmieri as 
Deputy Chief Executive Officers as of 23 May 2023, as announced in the press release dated 9 March 2023. The Chief Executive 
Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers are effective managers (“dirigeants effectifs”) within the meaning of banking 
regulations (Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code).  
The Board of Directors has adopted the terms and conditions of employment of the new Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officers. 
The Board of Directors is now made up of 50% women and more than 90% (11/12) independent directors if we exclude from the 
calculations the three directors representing the employees in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article L. 225-23 of the Commercial 
Code, paragraph 2 of Article L. 225-27 of the Commercial Code and the AFEP-MEDEF code. 
 
The Board of Directors held after the General Meeting has decided that, as of 23 May 2023, the Board committees will be composed 
as follows:  
•  Audit and Internal Control Committee: Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld (chairwoman), Mr. Jérôme Contamine, Mrs. Diane Côté, Mrs. 
Ulrika Ekman and Mr. Sébastien Wetter;  
•  Risk Committee: Mr. William Connelly (chairman), Mrs. Béatrice Cossa Dumurgier as from 2024 and guest during the period, Mrs. 
Diane Côté, Mrs. Ulrika Ekman, Mrs. Annette Messemer and Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld ; 
•  Compensation Committee: Mr. Jérôme Contamine (chairman), Mr. Benoit de Ruffray, Mrs. France Houssaye and Mrs. Annette 
Messemer; 
•  Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee: Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge (chairman), Mr. William Connelly, Mr. Benoit de 
Ruffray and Mrs. Lubomira Rochet. 
 
Biographies  
 
Mr Slawomir KRUPA, born on 18 June 1974, of French and Polish nationalities, is graduated from the Institut d’Études Politiques de 
Paris. he has acquired a 27 years experience in banking, particularly international banking. He joined the Societe Generale group in 
1996 as part of the General Inspection Department. As from 2007, he moved to Corporate and Investment Banking, where he took 
on a range of responsibilities. In 2007, he was Head of Strategy and Development, then Head of Central and Eastern Europe, Middle 
East and Africa (CEEMEA) in 2009 and Deputy Head of Financing in 2012. He was appointed CEO of SG Americas in January 2016. 
In January 2021, he joined the Group’s General Management team as Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of Global Banking 
and Investor Solutions. He holds a directorship at Societe Generale FORGE, a French unlisted subsidiary of the Group. Professional 
address : Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Ms. Béatrice COSSA-DUMURGIER, born on 14 November 1973, of French nationality, is graduated from École Polytechnique (1997), 
Corps des Ponts et Chaussées (2000), and holds a Master of Science from Massachussetts Institute of Technology (Boston, 2000). 
She began her career at McKinsey in France and the US, before joining the French Ministry of Finance in 2000, first in the Treasury 
Department and later in the Agence des participations de l’État (French State Investment Agency). She joined BNP Paribas Group in 
2004 and held various strategic, operational and executive positions within G100 until 2019, the last being Chief Executive Officer of 
the online brokerage subsidiary and member of Domestic Markets’ Executive Committee. In 2019, she joined BlaBlaCar as Chief 
Operating Officer, CEO of BlaBlaBus and as a member of the Executive Committee. She has been Deputy General Manager 
(employee not corporate officer) of Believe since September 2022. She is also an independent director of Peugeot Invest, SPAC 
Transition and Casino Guichard-Perrachon. Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier has declared to the Board that these last two terms of 
office will end, at the latest, at the General Meetings approving the 2023 financial statements. Professional address : 24 rue Toulouse 
Lautrec - 75017 Paris.  
 
Ms. Ulrika EKMAN, born on 6 October 1962, of American and Swedish nationality, holds a J.D. from the New York University School 
of Law, an M.A. in History from New York University and a B.S. in Foreign Service from Georgetown University. She was a partner in 
the US and international law firm Davis Polk LLP, where she represented clients in complex domestic and cross-border transactions 
across a wide range of sectors, including mergers, acquisitions, spin-offs, disposals and reorganisations (1990-2004). Ulrika Ekman 
was a member of the Management Committee of Greenhill & Co., a leading independent investment bank that provides financial 
advisory services for mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financing and fundraising to companies, institutions and governments from 
its multiple offices across five continents (2004-2012). She is currently an independent member of the Board of Directors of Greenhill 
& Co., where she chairs the Nomination and Governance Committee and sits on the Compensation Committee. Professional address 
: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Mr Benoît de RUFFRAY, born on 4 June 1966, of French nationality, is graduated from École Polytechnique and École Nationale des 
Ponts et Chaussées, and holds a Master’s degree from Imperial College in London. He began his career in 1990 upon joining the 
Bouygues group. After leading major international projects, he became Head of Latin America in 2001. From 2003 to 2007, he was

--- Page 616 ---
Description of Societe Generale 
 
 
616 
Chief Executive Officer of Dragages Hong Kong, and later, in 2008, Deputy CEO of Bouygues Bâtiment International. He became 
CEO of Soletanche Freyssinet group (Vinci group) in 2015. Benoît de Ruffray was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
of Eiffage on 18 January 2016. He has been a Director of Getlink since 27 Avril 2023. Professional address: 3-7 place de l’Europe, 
78140. M. Philippe AYMERICH, born on 12 August 1965, of French nationality, is graduated from France’s École des Hautes Études 
Commerciales (HEC). He joined Societe Generale in 1987, first in the Inspection Division where he performed audit and advisory 
work in a range of areas until 1994, at which time he was appointed Chief Inspector. In 1997, he moved to Societe Generale Corporate 
& Investment Banking where he was appointed Deputy Managing Director of SG Spain, in Madrid. From 1999 until 2004, he served 
in New York, first as Deputy Chief Operating Officer and later, from 2000, as Chief Operating Officer for SG Americas’ Corporate & 
Investment Banking arm. In 2004, he was appointed Head of the Automotive, Chemicals & General Industries Group in the Corporate 
& Institutions Division. In December 2006, he was appointed Deputy Chief Risk Officer for Societe Generale Group. Philippe Aymerich 
was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Crédit du Nord in January 2012. He has been Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Societe 
Generale since May 2018. He has also been director and Chairman of the board of directors of Boursorama and Franfinance, French 
unlisted companies of the Group. Professional address: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense 
cedex  
 
M. Pierre PALMIERI, born on 11 November 1962, of French nationality, is graduated from the École Supérieure de Commerce in 
Tours. He began his career at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in 1987 within the Export Finance department 
where he became, in 1989, Head of the finance engineering team. He joined the Agence Internationale’s team in 1994, where he 
created the Commodity Finance global business line. He was appointed Global Head of Structured Commodity Finance in 2001. In 
2006, he created and co-headed the Natural Resources and Energy global business line. He was appointed Deputy Head of Global 
Finance in 2008, became Head of Global Finance in 2012 before widening his scope of responsibilities to the whole Global Banking 
and Advisory activities in 2019. He holds a directorship of Societe Generale Marocaine de Banques, unlisted company of the Group. 
Mr. Pierre Palmieri is proposed for the position of Director of ALD at the General Meeting of this company scheduled on 24 May 2023. 
Professional address: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Declarations  
 
As all other Directors, the new Directors, as well as the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers have made 
the regulatory declarations on the absence of conflicts of interest and the absence of convictions mentioned on page 158 of the 
Universal Registration Document filed by Societe Generale on 13 March 2023 with the French market authority (AMF) under number 
D.23-0089. 
 
Absence of conflicts of interest 
 
To the best of the Board of Directors’ knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties performed by the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the members of the Board of Directors on behalf of Societe Generale and 
any other obligations or private interests. 
 
10. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) which could result in any Group 
member an obligation or entitlement that is material to Societe Generale’s ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of 
the Notes.

--- Page 617 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
617 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
 
1. STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
Ernst & Young 
 
Represented by Jean-Michel Yves Pacaud and Dorian Rigaud 
 
35E Avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855, Luxembourg 
 
Ernst & Young has no material interest in Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Member of the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Institut des réviseurs d’entreprises). 
 
2. INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. was formed as Ingéfilux on 11 April 1956. Its name was changed to Luxbanque, Société 
Luxembourgeoise de Banque S.A. on 7 May 1981. In 1995, the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting decided to change the bank’s 
name to Société Générale Bank & Trust S.A., with effect as of 1 June 1995. On 27 January 2020, the extraordinary shareholders’ 
meeting decided to change the bank’s name to Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A..   
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is incorporated as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) and is governed by 
Luxembourg banking and finance legislation and regulations and in particular the Law of 5 April 1993, as amended, and circular CSSF 
12/552 as amended. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. was incorporated for an unlimited duration. The registered office of Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. is 11 avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg, Luxembourg (telephone number: +352 47 93 11 -1). 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B6061. The 
commercial name of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is Societe Generale Luxembourg. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.’s 
website is: https://www.societegenerale.lu/en/  (the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus). 
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. has not been established as a special purpose vehicle or entity for the purpose of issuing asset 
backed securities. 
 
3. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
The purpose of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is to perform banking and financial activities that a credit institution would be 
expected to perform in accordance with the law, including and not limited to receiving deposits and other reimbursable funds from the 
public individuals or institutions, to grant loans and carry out activity in the financial sector as per law dated 5 April 1993 as modified, 
or any law that substitutes or supplements it in the future. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. may acquire interests of any form in 
entities in or outside the financial sector, in Luxembourgish or foreign companies, by purchasing or acquiring shares, bonds, 
certificates, recognitions of debt, and securities, and administer, develop and manage its portfolio. Societe Generale Luxembourg 
S.A. may borrow in any form and issue bonds, certificates, representative securities and financial instruments of all kinds. Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. may sign, acquire, subscribe, loan, give, repurchase, or transfer in any way possible any instrument listed 
in the appendices of the law dated 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as modified, or any law that substitutes or supplements it in 
the future, as well as any debt. Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. provides asset management, investment advisory, financial 
engineering and depository services, in particular for collective investment undertakings. It is also active on the financial markets and 
with institutional clients, with a high volume of proprietary cash management transactions and financing operations carried out on 
behalf of large corporations. 
 
 
4. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows:  
 
 
Name 
 
Position of that person within 
the Board of Directors of 
Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Activities performed by that 
person outside Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
where these are significant 
with respect to Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Business address 
Patrick Suet  
Chairman of the 
Board of 
Directors 
Secretary 
of 
SG 
Board 
of
Directors 
17 
Cours 
Valmy
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex
France 
Arnaud Jacquemin 
Director, CEO 
Director, CEO 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg

--- Page 618 ---
Description of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 
618 
Patrick Folléa 
Director  
Head of Wealth and Asset
Management 
of 
Societe
Generale 
15 Cours Valmy 92800 La
Défense France 
Christophe Lattuada  
Director  
Chief Operating Officer of Global
Banking & Investor Solutions 
17 
Cours 
Valmy
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex
France 
Mathilde Guerin 
Director  
Head of Transformation and
Technology delivery for Societe
Generale Securities Services 
1 rue du Débarcadère, 92700
Colombes 
France 
Didier Mouget 
Independent Director  
N/A 
25 
Sangen
5866 
Hespérange
Luxembourg 
Marie Doucet 
Independent Director  
N/A 
N/A 
Isabelle Goubin 
Independent Director  
N/A 
N/A 
Frédéric Roveda 
Director representing employees N/A – Full-time with Societe
Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg 
Frédéric Surdon 
Director  
SG 
Global 
Head 
of 
Asset
Finance 
17 
Cours 
Valmy
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex
France 
Marco Cameroni 
Director representing employees N/A – Full time with Societe
Generale 
11 avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
 
Emmanuelle Gaspard 
Director representing employees N/A – Full-time with Societe
Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg 
Anne-Sophie Steiner 
Director representing employees N/A – Full-time with Societe
Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg 
 
Persons appointed for day-to-day 
management 
Activities performed by that person 
outside Societe Generale Luxembourg 
S.A. where these are significant with 
respect to Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A 
Business Address 
Arnaud Jacquemin  
N/A – Full-time with Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg 
Olivier Blanc 
N/A – Full-time with Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. 
11 
avenue 
Emile 
Reuter
2420 Luxembourg 
Anne de Kouchkovsky 
N/A – Full-time with Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. 
11 avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
 
5. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is wholly-owned by Sogeparticipations, a société anonyme incorporated under French law. 
 
6. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
6.1  Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed on note 8.3 of Societe Generale Luxembourg Annual Financial Statements as of 31 December 2022 there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts during the period covering at least twelve months prior 
to the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A. is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on Societe Generale Luxembourg 
S.A.’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
 
6.2  Material adverse change in the financial position 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. since 31 
December 2022.

--- Page 619 ---
Description of SGI Indices 
 
 
619 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”) 
 
SGI Index Linked Notes are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or any other legal entity 
belonging to the Societe Generale group (each, an SGI Index and collectively, the SGI Indices).  
 
For the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, Societe 
Generale, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
The following SGI Indices may be used as underlyings: 
 
- SGMDGPPB Index - SGI Global 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index 
 
- IND1GMAS Index - Global Multi Asset Strategy EUR Index 
 
- IND1BQSI Index - Banor Quality Equity Selection Index 
 
- SGMDPP90 Index - SGI Progressive Protection 90 Index  
 
- SGITEGD Index - SGI European Green Deal Index 
 
- SGIXTLU Index - SGI World Travel and Leisure Index 
 
- SGITGAMA Index - SGI Greener America Ahead Index 
  
- ERIX Index - European Renewable Energy Total Return Index in EUR  
 
- SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of The Robots Index (USD - Net Total Return) 
 
- SGIXOPER Index - SGI Optimised Portfolio Enhanced Risk Allocation Index 
 
- SGMDDP95 Index – SGI Dynamic Protection 95% Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDPP85 Index – SGI ESG 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGITEGDA Index - SGI European Green Deal AR 5% Index (EUR – Adjusted Return) 
 
- SGMDMC95 Index - SGI Moorea Sustainable Crescendo 95% Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDMJ22 Index - SGI Multi Asset Janvier 2022 90% Index (EUR - Total Return) 
 
- SGMDROBT Index - SG Rise Of The Robots VT 9 Index (Excess Return - USD) 
 
- SGMDGP85 Index - SGI Global Progressive Protection 85 (SEK – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDTB85 Index - SGI Technology 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index 
 
- SGMDWO9 - SGI Water VT 9 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGMDVE11 - SGI European Value VT 11 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGMDGD9 - SGI European Green Deal VT 9 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGIXINFL Index - SGI Inflation Proxy Index 
 
- SGDEINFL Index - SGI Inflation Proxy Index CNTR 
 
- SGIXFMLY Index - SGI Offices run by families Index 
 
- WOWAX Index - World Water Total Return Index in EUR 
 
- WOWAXPC Index - World Water Price Index in EUR Market Cap Adjusted 
 
 
Index Rules applicable to an SGI Index, used as underlying of a Series of Notes will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication of a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 620 ---
Description of SGI Indices 
 
 
620 
The rules and the information about the performances of each SGI Index are available on the dedicated website of SGI ( 
http://www.sgindex.com ).

--- Page 621 ---
Preference Share Issuer and Preference Shares 
 
 
621 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES 
 
The following is an overview of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares. 
 
1. THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER 
 
Mapleis Limited (the Preference Share Issuer) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated under the Companies 
Act 2006 on 7 March 2016 (with registered number 10045873). Mapleis Limited is governed by the laws of England and Wales and 
has its registered office at One Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London, England, E14 4SG. 
 
The sole business activity of the Preference Share Issuer is to (i) issue redeemable preference shares (the Preference Shares) under 
its preference share programme (the Preference Shares Programme); and (ii) enter into a loan agreement, deposit agreement, or 
any other agreement or transaction with Societe Generale and/or its affiliates which relate to the Preference Share Issuer or the 
Preference Shares. Accordingly, the Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and generates limited net income. 
The Preference Share Issuer does not have a credit rating. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Preference Share Issuer has 250,000 ordinary shares in issue. The Preference Share 
Issuer may issue further shares with such rights or restrictions as may be determined by ordinary resolution or, in the absence of such 
determination, the directors may determine such share rights or restrictions. The ordinary shares of the Preference Share Issuer are 
held by SG Investment Limited. 
 
The Preference Shares may be offered and issued to investors pursuant to the terms agreed with the Preference Share Issuer. 
Societe Generale acts as structuring agent in order to facilitate the offer and issue by the Preference Share Issuer of Preference 
Shares as well as calculation agent in respect of the Preference Shares. Other service providers act as registrar and corporate 
administrator to the Preference Share Issuer or in respect of the Preference Shares, as applicable. 
 
A copy of Mapleis Limited's constitutional documents and the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares (as contained in the 
principal memorandum and the relevant supplemental memorandum in respect of the Preference Shares) are available to investors 
in the Preference Share Linked Notes on written request (free of charge) from the registered office of Mapleis Limited and from the 
distributor of the relevant Preference Share Linked Notes. 
 
2. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION 
 
Copies of the Preference Share Issuer’s constitutional documents (the Articles of Association) will be available for inspection at the 
registered office of the Preference Share Issuer, in each case during normal business hours on any weekday (except for Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays) for 14 days following the date of each Supplemental Memorandum (as defined below).  
 
The Private Placement Memorandum (as defined below) can be obtained by any interested investors from Societe Generale. 
 
3. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
 
Copies of the Principal Memorandum (as defined below), any applicable Supplemental Memorandum relating to a series of Preference 
Shares, the Articles of Association and, after publication thereof, the annual accounts may be obtained from the corporate 
administrator at its registered office (Sanne Group (UK) Limited, 21 Palmer Street, London, SW1H 0AD) on request. 
 
4. THE PREFERENCE SHARES 
 
Preference Shares may be issued from time to time by the Preference Share Issuer in a series under the Preference Shares 
Programme. Each series of Preference Shares may have different features which are set out in the principal memorandum (the 
Principal Memorandum) and a series specific supplemental memorandum (the Supplemental Memorandum, and together with 
the Principal Memorandum, the Private Placement Memorandum). 
 
The Preference Shares issued under the Preference Shares Programme may pay dividend amount(s) (if any), may pay an automatic 
early redemption amount and, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, will pay a final redemption amount at maturity which may be 
linked to the performance of one or more underlying(s) (each, a Preference Share Underlying) which may include, but will not be 
limited to, equity, depositary receipts, derivative securities, indices, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, baskets of 
securities or indices, currencies, futures contracts and portfolios. The composition of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s) 
may be designed to change over time as a result of performance or other factors. 
 
The Supplemental Memorandum applicable to a particular series of Preference Shares will specify the redemption amount(s) and 
dividend amount(s) (if any) and when any such amount is payable and the terms based on which it is calculated. 
 
The Preference Shares will not be exchangeable through CREST (or any other clearing system) and will not be listed or admitted to 
trading on any Stock Exchange. 
 
The Private Placement Memorandum also provides that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem the Preference Shares early if: 
 
(a) the Preference Share Issuer's obligations under the relevant series of Preference Shares become illegal or impractical; or

--- Page 622 ---
Preference Share Issuer and Preference Shares 
 
 
622 
(b) a change in law or regulation occurs that results or will result, solely by reason of the Preference Shares being outstanding, in the 
Preference Share Issuer being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority or being subject to any additional legal 
requirement or regulation or tax considered by the Preference Share Issuer to be materially onerous to it; or 
 
(c) if the financial product (the return on which is dependent on the value of the Preference Shares) is subject to early redemption or 
cancellation (other than if the early redemption or cancellation of the relevant financial product is caused by the early redemption of 
the relevant series of Preference Shares); or 
 
(d) the calculation agent of the Preference Shares determines that an event has occurred and/or is existing that constitutes an early 
redemption event in relation to the relevant series of Preference Shares. 
 
5. THE PREFERENCE SHARE UNDERLYING 
 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant 
Preference Shares are linked. 
 
Investors should review the Private Placement Memorandum and other constitutional documents and consult with their own 
professional advisers if they consider it necessary.

--- Page 623 ---
Description of the Collateral Custody Agreement and the Fiduciary Accounts 
 
 
623 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT AND THE FIDUCIARY ACCOUNTS 
 
The Fiduciary, the Collateral Agent, the Guarantor and the Collateral Custodian have entered into the Collateral Custody Agreement. 
The Collateral Custody Agreement sets out the terms on which the Collateral Custodian will provide custody services to the Fiduciary 
in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
The Collateral Custodian will act as custodian of the Securities and Cash deposited by the Fiduciary for safekeeping with the Collateral 
Custodian in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Custody Agreement and the Terms and Conditions.  The Collateral Custodian 
is authorised and instructed, in respect of each Collateral Pool collateralising one or more Series of Notes, to open and maintain, in 
its books in Luxembourg, a Fiduciary Account, in the name of the Fiduciary or in such name as the Fiduciary shall reasonably direct 
comprising: 
 
(i)    one or more securities accounts for the custody and safekeeping of any Securities deposited with the Collateral Custodian (each 
a Collateral Securities Account); and 
 
(ii)    one or more cash accounts of any Cash deposited with the Collateral Custodian(each a Collateral Cash  Account). 
 
Any such Fiduciary Accounts will be established in the name of the Fiduciary and will at all times be opened in Luxembourg. Fiduciary 
Account  means the Collateral Securities Account(s) and Collateral Cash Account(s) (taken together), relating to a particular 
Collateral Pool. Accounts  shall mean the Collateral Securities Accounts and the Collateral Cash Accounts opened in the books of 
the Collateral Custodian in Luxembourg, and Account shall mean any of them as the context may require. 
 
Any Distributions shall, unless otherwise directed pursuant to written instructions received by the Collateral Custodian, be credited: 
 
(i)    if such Distributions are made in Cash, to the Collateral Cash Account; or 
 
(ii)    if such Distributions are in kind Distributions, to the Collateral Securities Account. 
 
Distributions are all interests, dividends, redemption proceeds and other income distributed or paid in cash or in kind in respect of 
Cash and/or Securities.  
 
Cash shall mean any cash, Distributions and monies received for deposit for the account of the Fiduciary. 
 
Securities shall include all financial instruments in book entry form, including, without limitation, any common stock and other equity 
securities, depositary receipts, bonds, debentures and other debt securities, notes or other obligations, asset backed securities, fund 
units or shares and any instruments representing rights to receive, purchase, or subscribe for the same, or representing any other 
rights distributions or interests therein (whether represented by a certificate or held in a depository, with a subcustodian or on the 
books of the issuer of such security) that are acceptable to the Collateral Custodian but excluding investments in any partnership

--- Page 624 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
624 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS  
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Monte Titoli or SIX SIS Ltd (together, for the purposes of this section, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Fiduciary and the Guarantor 
believe to be reliable.  
 
Such information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as the Fiduciary and Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain 
from information published by such Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency 
Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
 
1. BOOK ENTRY SYSTEMS  
 
1.1 Euroclear and Clearstream  
 
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various 
services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream have established an electronic bridge between their two systems 
across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other.  
 
Euroclear and Clearstream customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.  
 
1.2 SIX SIS Ltd  
 
SIX SIS Ltd has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning of 2008 through the merger of 
SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group.  
 
As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository SIX SIS Ltd offers banks and other financial 
market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody services and the settlement of securities transactions. SIX 
SIS Ltd settles securities transactions worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated securities.  
 
In the Swiss market, SIX SIS Ltd is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to SIX Swiss Exchange and the payment systems 
SIC/euroSIC, ensure fully automated settlement in central bank money.  
 
1.3 Monte Titoli  
 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli), an Italian limited liability company, is a central securities depository authorised pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 909/2014.  
 
The Notes registered in the electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli are regulated under the Italian Financial Act, any 
implementing regulation and any operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Monte Titoli from time to time.  
 
Transfer and exchange of the ownership and any other right relating to these Notes must only take place through authorised 
intermediaries which are direct or indirect participants to Monte Titoli; accordingly, a Noteholder (or such Noteholder's nominee) must 
establish a book-entry account with any such intermediaries. The holder of a security will be the person being shown in the records 
of the relevant intermediary as holder of the notes.  
 
1.4 LuxCSD  
 
LuxCSD is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and 
operates as a securities settlement system and central securities depositary. It is jointly owned by the Luxembourg Central Bank 
(Banque Centrale du Luxembourg) and Clearstream International S.A.  
 
Its core services are the issuance, safekeeping and settlement of securities. It operates as an issuer CSD and an investor CSD based 
on a link with Clearstream Banking AG in Target2-Securities (T2S). It settles securities in T2S with Euro Central Bank Money covering 
all Euro denominated securities issued through LuxCSD.

--- Page 625 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
 
625 
 
In connection with an issue of Dematerialised Notes, the Fiduciary must enter into a LuxCSD issuer agreement for the Dematerialised 
Notes to be eligible for issuance and settlement in LuxCSD. The purpose of the LuxCSD issuer agreement is to govern the relationship 
between the Fiduciary and LuxCSD regarding the maintenance and reconciliation of the issued outstanding amount of the 
Dematerialised Notes and the appoint LuxCSD as Settlement Organisation (organisme de liquidation) in accordance with the 
Dematerialised Securities Law.  
 
In connection with an issue of Dematerialised Notes, the Fiduciary must appoint a LuxCSD principal agent recognised by LuxCSD to 
ensure compliance with the LuxCSD operational requirements and the eligibility of the Dematerialised Notes in LuxCSD. The LuxCSD 
principal agent is appointed to provide standard communications in a format accepted by LuxCSD and assistance to LuxCSD in order 
to ensure timely and accurate processing of the Dematerialised Notes. Any change in the appointment of a LuxCSD principal agent 
must be communicated to LuxCSD or the applicable Settlement Organisation in accordance with its procedures.  
 
The issuance documentation of Dematerialised Notes must be provided to LuxCSD prior to the issue date of the Dematerialised Notes 
in accordance with its procedures. 
  
2. TRANSFERS OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL NOTES  
 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note will be effected in accordance with the customary rules 
and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  
 
3. DEMATERIALISED NOTES  
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of the Dematerialised Securities Law and the operating 
arrangements of the Settlement Organisation. The Dematerialised Notes are represented by book entries in LuxCSD (where LuxCSD 
is the Settlement Organisation) and recorded as such in the issuance accounts held with LuxCSD.  
 
Payments under the Dematerialised Notes are made through LuxCSD. Payments in respect of the Dematerialised Notes by the 
Fiduciary or any agent on its behalf will be made to LuxCSD in full discharge (effet libératoire) of its payment obligations under the 
Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Article 16 of the Dematerialised Securities Law.

--- Page 626 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
626 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
 
The Dealers will enter into a programme agreement (such agreement, as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the Programme Agreement), in which they will agree with the Fiduciary and the Guarantor a basis upon which 
they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under "Form of the Notes" and in the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes above. In the Programme Agreement, the Fiduciary 
will agree to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith.  
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering 
material, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, 
and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor.  
 
None of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s) following a change in the relevant 
law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s). 
Any such modification will be set out in the syndication agreement (if applicable) in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in 
a Supplement to this Base Prospectus.  
 
1. UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, 
sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. Notes previously issued by the relevant Fiduciary may be subject to different selling and 
transfer restrictions.  
 
Each purchaser of Notes, or person wishing to transfer an interest in Notes, will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to 
acknowledge, represent and agree as follows:  
 
(i) that it is a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States at the time the buy order for the Notes was originated and 
continues to be a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States and has not purchased the Notes for the benefit of any 
person in the United States or any person that is not a Permitted Transferee or entered into any arrangement for the transfer of the 
Notes to any person in the United States or to any person that is not a Permitted Transferee;  
 
(ii) that the Notes and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, persons other than Permitted 
Transferees;  
 
(iii) that, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest in the Notes, it will do so 
only outside the United States in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act to a 
Permitted Transferee;  
 
(iv) that Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless agreed to by the Fiduciary:  
 
(a) if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is Regulation S U.S. Person:  
 
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET 
OUT BELOW.  
 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON"AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON); (B) A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON 
FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES THEREUNDER 
(CFTC RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON 
WHO IS NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR 
PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-
UNITED STATES PERSONS," SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON); AND (C) A U.S PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF 
THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT

--- Page 627 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
627 
AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, 
TRANSFER OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S.  
 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE NOTES AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN 
VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE 
TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE.  
 
THE FIDUCIARY HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE FIDUCIARY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF 
OF THE HOLDER ANY NOTE THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD 
OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE 
AFFECTED NOTES FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED NOTES ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF NOTES, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, 
WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL NOTES, OR WHOSE NOTES ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL NOT INCUR A 
SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE FIDUCIARY, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE NOTES. NEITHER THE FIDUCIARY NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE 
TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH LOSS.  
 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE FIDUCIARY MAY RECEIVE A LIST 
OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES.  
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).";  
 
(b) if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is either Regulation S U.S. Person or IRS U.S. Person:  
 
"THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET 
OUT BELOW.  
 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN "OFFSHORE TRANSACTION" (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON) OR AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IRS U.S. PERSON); (B) A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR 
THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES THEREUNDER (CFTC 
RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS 
NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(A)(1)(IV), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF 
SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED STATES 
PERSONS," SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A U.S PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE FINAL RULES 
IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY 
MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A 
PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S.  
 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED

--- Page 628 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
628 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE NOTES AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS IN 
VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE 
TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE.  
 
THE FIDUCIARY HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE FIDUCIARY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF 
OF THE HOLDER ANY NOTE THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE SOLD 
OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE 
AFFECTED NOTES FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED NOTES ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF NOTES, OR AN INTEREST THEREIN, 
WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL NOTES, OR WHOSE NOTES ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) WILL NOT INCUR A 
SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE FIDUCIARY, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO FIND A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE NOTES. NEITHER THE FIDUCIARY NOR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE 
TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH LOSS.  
 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE FIDUCIARY MAY RECEIVE A LIST 
OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES.  
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON).";  
 
(v) that the Fiduciary and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Fiduciary; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that 
it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account;  
 
(vi) that the Fiduciary has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of any interest in the Notes to a person that is not a Permitted 
Transferee and the Fiduciary reserves the right to redeem, or transfer on behalf of the holder any Note that is held by, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person that is not a Permitted Transferee. No payments will be made on the affected Notes from the date 
notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the affected Notes are sold. There can be no assurance that a holder of 
Notes, or an interest therein, who is required to sell Notes, or whose Notes are sold on its behalf (in this way) will not incur a significant 
loss as a result of the need for the Fiduciary, or for the transferor, to find a Permitted Transferee willing to purchase the Notes. Neither 
the Fiduciary nor any other party shall be liable to a holder for any such loss;  
 
(vii) that the Fiduciary may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from one or more book-entry depositories; and 
  
(viii) that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the representations and resale 
restrictions referred to in the foregoing paragraphs, and include as part of such transaction any legends or other disclosure required 
by such restrictions.  
 
2. SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA)  
 
2.1 Australia  
 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (Corporations Act)) in relation to 
the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC).  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it:  
 
(a) has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited, and will not invite, applications for 
issue, sale or offers to purchase the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in 
Australia); and  
 
(b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, advertisement or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes in Australia,  
unless:

--- Page 629 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
629 
(c) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, 
disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act;  
 
(d) the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act; 
and  
 
(e) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does not require any document to be lodged with 
ASIC.  
 
2.2 Hong Kong  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree, that:  
 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which 
are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; 
and  
 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of 
issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or 
the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong 
or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance.  
 
2.3 The People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)  
 
Each Dealer and each distributor of an issue will represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will 
offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (for the purposes of this document, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan, the PRC) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes, except as permitted by the applicable PRC laws and regulations.  
 
This document does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom 
it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC.  
The Fiduciary does not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Fiduciary 
which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being 
offered or sold within the PRC by means of this document or any other document. Neither this document nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  
 
2.4 Japan  
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, 
as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and 
each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and will not offer or 
sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item (v), Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan.  
 
2.5 Singapore  
 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge that this 
Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the Securities and Futures Act, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 630 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
630 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold 
investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments and each beneficiary of 
which is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or 
that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivative 
Contracts) Regulations 2018.  
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, in connection 
with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Fiduciary has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
 
2.6 Korea  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be 
required or deemed to agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, delivered or sold directly or indirectly in Korea or 
to any resident of Korea or to others for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly in Korea or to any resident of Korea except as 
otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations.  
 
Each Dealer has undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake to ensure that 
any securities dealer to which it sells the Notes confirms that it is purchasing such Notes as principal and agrees with such Dealer 
that it will comply with the restrictions described above.  
 
2.7 Switzerland  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended 
from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes, or the distribution of any marketing or 
offering material in respect of the Notes, in Switzerland and (ii) the requirements in respect of the distribution of CHF SIS Notes and 
Other SIS Notes set out in General Condition 1.1.1.2 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
 
If pursuant to the applicable Final Terms a public offering in Switzerland is not permissible each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made or will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in Switzerland, except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in Switzerland:  
 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to article 36(1) or 
article 37 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by a competent review body under the FinSA or, where appropriate, 
approved by a recognized foreign authority and filed with a competent review body under the FinSA for automatic acceptance in 
accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that (i) the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in accordance with the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
 
(b) at any time to any investor which is a professional client as defined in the FinSA;  
 
(c) at any time to fewer than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer;

--- Page 631 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
631 
(d) where the Notes being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); or  
 
(e) at any time in any other circumstances falling within the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 56 of the FinSA.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means any promotion and 
invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to acquire Notes that contains sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the financial instrument itself.  
 
2.8 United States  
 
The Notes and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities law of 
any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of any Fiduciary under the CEA and CFTC 
Rules, and no Fiduciary has been and no Fiduciary will be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant 
to Regulation S.  
 
Accordingly, the Notes may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an "offshore transaction" (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. A "Permitted Transferee" means any person who:  
 
(a) is not a U.S. Person;  
 
(b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a "Non-United States person" defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a U.S. person);  
 
(c) is not a Risk Retention U.S Person; and  
 
(d) if the applicable Final Terms state that "Permitted Tax Jurisdiction" is "Applicable", has its tax residence located in the country 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and has undertaken to provide its identity, holdings and tax residence to the Collateral 
Custodian upon request from the Fiduciary and/or the Dealer(s). 
 
In addition, the applicable Final Terms may specify that the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to an 
IRS U.S. Person.  
 
The Notes described herein are available only to Permitted Transferees located outside of the United States.  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to agree, that it will not at any time offer, sell or deliver Notes, or any interest therein, within the United States or to, or for 
the benefit or account of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees Terms used in this paragraph (unless otherwise defined herein) 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
 
By its purchase of a Note, each purchaser will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have agreed to the transfer restrictions 
set out in "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions."  
 
In addition in respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(i) except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), each Dealer (i) represents that it has 
not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it will 
not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period;  
 
(ii) each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes 
may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules;  
 
(iii) if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring Notes in bearer form for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and

--- Page 632 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
632 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling such Notes 
during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in subclauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii) above on such affiliate's behalf; and  
 
(v) each Dealer agrees that it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010)) that 
purchases any Notes in bearer form from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its 
affiliates or is another Dealer), for the benefit of the Fiduciary and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such 
distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the 
D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder.  
 
Terms used in this subclause have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules.  
 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Notes must be issued and delivered 
outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Notes within the United States or 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed in connection with the 
original issuance of such Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or 
sale of such Notes.  
 
2.9 Kingdom of Bahrain  
 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, and will not offer any Securities in Bahrain other than on a private placement basis in compliance with the 
Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006) of the Kingdom of Bahrain (the CBB Law), the Offering 
of Securities Module contained in CBB Rulebook, Volume 6 ( the OFS Module) and the regulations promulgated from time to time 
thereunder pursuant to the CBB Law, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are accredited investors. For this purpose, an 
accredited investor means (i) an individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of holding financial 
assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000, excluding that person’s principal place of residence; or more; (ii) 
companies, a company, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which has have financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or (iii) a governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national 
monetary authorities, and/ or a state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
funds).  
 
2.10 The Russian Federation  
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser will be required or deemed to agree that: 
 
1. It will not sell the Notes to any Russian or Belarussian national or any natural person residing in Russia or Belarus, or any legal 
person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus, where such sale is prohibited by any Sanctions, including without limitation 
pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014, Council (EC) No 765/2006 and Council Regulation (EU) No 269/2014, each such 
regulation, as amended and implemented; and 
 
2. No proceeds from the Notes issued will be used, directly or indirectly for any purposes forbidden by  any Sanctions, including 
without limitation Council Regulation (EU) 833/2014, Council Regulation (EU) 208/2014, Council Regulation (EC) No 765/2006 and 
Council Regulation (EU) No 269/2014, each such regulation, as amended and implemented.  
 
 
2.11 Taiwan  
 
The Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for 
purchase by Taiwan investors outside Taiwan so long as no solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities 
(A) take place in Taiwan or (B) are in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation; and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust 
departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance products pursuant to the Taiwan 
Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products and/or (iii) in Taiwan for purchase by purchase by Taiwan Corporate Investors/ 
Professional Investors/ High-Net-Worth Corporate Investors/ Professional Institutional Investors pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions or requirements of, any other applicable laws and regulations of Taiwan, and the internal investment procedures/ self-
guidances of such investors in related to specific industry restrictions.  
 
2.12 United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Finance Centre)  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge 
and agree that:

--- Page 633 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
633 
(a) the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it 
in the United Arab Emirates (including the Abu Dhabi Global Market) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United 
Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities;  
 
(b) the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates in 
accordance with the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law No. 2 of 2015), the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority 
(the Authority) Board of Directors Decision No. 9/RM of 2016 concerning Mutual Funds Regulations, or the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations, or otherwise 
and is not intended to be a public offer and the information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended to lead to the conclusion 
of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre);  
 
(c) the Notes to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be filed, reviewed or approved 
by the United Arab Emirates Central Bank, the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority or any other governmental regulatory body or securities exchange; and  
 
(d) the Notes will only be promoted and marketed on a cross-border basis in to the territory of the United Arab Emirates to non-natural 
Qualified Investors in compliance with the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 
concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations which includes (a) an investor who is able to manage their investments on 
their own, namely (i) federal and local government entities or companies wholly-owned by any such entities; (ii) international entities 
and organisations; or (iii) a legal person licensed to undertake a commercial activity in the United Arab Emirates, provided that one 
of such person’s objects is investment, or (b) an investor who is represented by an investment manager licensed by the Authority 
(each a Qualified Investor).  
 
The information in this Base Prospectus may also be provided to investors at their unsolicited and specific request and an investor 
may directly approach the Fiduciary, the relevant Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase of the Notes.  
 
2.13 Dubai International Financial Centre  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the Programme to any person in the Dubai International 
Financial Centre unless such offer is:  
 
(a) an Exempt offer in accordance with the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA); and  
 
(b) made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.1 of the DFSA Markets Rules and who are not 
natural persons.  
 
This Base Prospectus relates to Notes which are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the DFSA. The DFSA has no 
responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base 
Prospectus or any associated documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it.  
 
The Notes to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers 
of any Notes offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Notes.  
 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser.  
 
2.14 Taiwan  
 
The Notes may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for 
purchase by Taiwan investors outside Taiwan so long as no solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities 
(A) take place in Taiwan or (B) are in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation; and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust 
departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance products pursuant to the Taiwan 
Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products and/or (iii) in Taiwan for purchase by purchase by Taiwan Corporate 
Investors/Professional Investors/ High-Net-Worth Corporate Investors/ Professional Institutional Investors pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions or requirements of, any other applicable laws and regulations of Taiwan, and the internal investment 
procedures/ self-guidances of such investors in related to specific industry restrictions.  
 
2.15 The United Kingdom  
 
2.15.1 Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors as Not Applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 634 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
634 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or  
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and  
 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors as Not Applicable, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the United Kingdom:  
 
(A) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation;  
 
(B) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or  
 
(C) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
• the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
• the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.  
 
2.15.2 Other regulatory restrictions  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that:  
 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation 
or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and  
 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any 
Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
 
The selling restrictions above may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case appropriate modifications will be 
made in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
3. SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS WITHIN THE EEA  
 
The selling restrictions below may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case appropriate modifications will be 
made in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
3.1 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors as Not Applicable, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject

--- Page 635 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
 
635 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. 
  
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 1(4) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation) and  
 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors as Not Applicable, in relation to each 
Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State:  
 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that (i) the Fiduciary has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable;  
 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;  
 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Fiduciary for any such offer; or  
 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Fiduciary or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure 
implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State.  
 
3.2 France  
 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the 
placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes.  
 
3.3 General  
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will be required to 
agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering 
material, and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, 
and none of the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (for the Notes benefitting form a Guarantee) or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility 
therefor.  
 
None the Fiduciary, the Guarantor (for the Notes benefitting form a Guarantee) or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at 
any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 636 ---
General Information 
 
 
636 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
 
1. AUTHORISATION  
 
1.1 Societe Generale  
 
No authorisation procedures are required of Societe Generale by French law for the update of the Programme or the giving of the 
guarantees in respect of the Programme.  
 
1.2 Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.  
 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
board of directors of Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. dated 20 June 2019.  
 
2. CREDIT RATINGS  
 
2.1 Societe Generale  
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Societe Generale is rated:  
 
"A" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: A long term senior preferred debt rating at Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited provides an ordinal 
ranking of long term senior preferred debt rating of issuers, on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, based on the agency’s view of their relative 
vulnerability to default, rather than a prediction of a specific percentage likelihood of default. ‘A’ ratings denote expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.  
 
"A1" by Moody’s France S.A.S.: Ratings assigned on Moody’s France S.A.S.’s global long-term and short-term rating scales are 
forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by financial institutions on a scale of ‘Aaa’ to ‘C’. 
Obligations rated ‘A’ are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Moody’s France S.A.S.’s appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from ‘Aa’ through ‘Caa’. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
 
"A" by Rating and Investment Information, Inc.: An Issuer Rating is R&I's opinion on an issuer's general capacity to fulfil its financial 
obligations and is, in principle, assigned to all issuers. Ratings are issued on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, reflecting R&I's view on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. An issuer rated ‘A’ has a high creditworthiness supported by a few excellent factors.  
 
"A" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: A S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion 
on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’ about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of 
financial obligations, or a specific financial program. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited’s view of the obligor’s 
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and 
subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of default. An obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by 
the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.  
 
Each of Moody’s France S.A.S., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).  
 
Rating and Investment Information, Inc. is established in Japan. It has not been registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.  
 
2.2 Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.  
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. is rated: 
 
"A" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: A S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion 
on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’ about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of 
financial obligations, or a specific financial program. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited’s view of the obligor’s 
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and 
subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of default. An obligation rated ‘A’ is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the 
obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The ratings from ‘AA’ to ‘CCC’ may be modified by 
the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.

--- Page 637 ---
General Information 
 
 
637 
 
3. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and the EuroMTF and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The EuroMTF is not a regulated market within the 
meaning of MiFID II.  
 
This Base Prospectus will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review body under the FinSA 
for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA. As a 
consequence, Notes may be offered to the public in Switzerland and/or admitted to trading on a trading venue (SIX Swiss Exchange) 
in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto (if any), together with the applicable Final Terms, will constitute 
the prospectus. 
 
As no application has been made to SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd to accept the Base Prospectus as an "issuance programme" for 
the listing of exchange traded products (ETPs), products which classify as ETPs in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss 
Exchange will not be listed as ETPs but as derivatives. 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets or quotation systems agreed between an Fiduciary and the relevant Dealer and the Fiduciary may also issue unlisted Notes 
and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
4. AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS  
 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office 
of each of Societe Generale and the Fiduciary and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents for the time being in 
Luxembourg, London and Paris, in each case at the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus:  
 
(i) 
the 
bylaws 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
Luxembourg 
S.A. 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website: 
https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/Statuts_coordonnes_SGLuxembourg_ENG.pdf 
and 
the 
bylaws 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
website: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Gouvernance/bylaws_en.pdf ;  
 
(ii) the 2022 Universal Registration Document, the 2023 Universal Registration Document [and the First Amendment to the 2023 
Universal Registration Document];  
 
(iii) the audited annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 of Societe 
Generale Luxembourg S.A., the related notes and the statutory auditor’s reports;  
 
(iv) the Programme Agreement (as and when entered into), the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement (which includes, inter alia, the 
forms of the Global Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and Notes in definitive form), the Collateral Agency Agreement, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agreement, the Collateral Custody Agreement, the Note Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency 
Agreement and the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement;  
 
(v) a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference; 
 
(vi) each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Exempt Offer Notes will only be available for inspection by a holder of such 
Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiduciary or Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity); 
and  
 
(vii) in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market subscribed pursuant 
to a syndication agreement, the syndication agreement (or equivalent document). 
 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference herein and any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market as aforementioned will be published on the relevant Fiduciary's 
website(s) and on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and will be available at least 10 years after 
their publication on these websites.  
 
In respect of Positive Impact Notes, (i) sustainable and positive impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time 
(the 
Framework) 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Societe 
Generale 
( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-Sustainable-and-Positive-
Impact-Bond-Framework.pdf ) and (ii) second party opinions is available on the website of Societe Generale ( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-Generale-SPO-update-ISS.pdf ). 
 
5. CLEARING SYSTEMS  
 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities in charge of keeping the 
records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream or any other

--- Page 638 ---
General Information 
 
 
638 
Clearing System will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. Notes may be held through additional or alternative clearing systems 
(including, without limitation, SIX SIS Ltd or Monte Titoli S.p.A.), in which case the appropriate information will be contained in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg.  
The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy.  
 
6. CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE  
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Fiduciary and the relevant Purchaser(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
 
7. YIELD  
 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
 
8. POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION  
 
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Fiduciary does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to 
any assets underlying issues of Notes constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations.  
 
9. DEALERS ENGAGING IN BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH THE FIDUCIARY AND THE GUARANTOR  
 
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged and may in the future engage in commercial banking and/or investment activities 
with the Fiduciary, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates and may, in the ordinary course of their business, provide services to the 
Fiduciary, to the Guarantor and/or to their affiliates.

--- Page 639 ---
639 
 
 
 
FIDUCIARY 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
Tour Société Générale 
17 cours Valmy 
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
Tour Société Générale 
17, Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND BNY DISPOSAL AGENT 
 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON, LONDON BRANCH 
One Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
 
 
THE REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 
 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV, LUXEMBOURG BRANCH 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
 
 
COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT 
 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV, DUBLIN BRANCH 
Riverside II 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS

--- Page 640 ---
640 
 
 
To the Fiduciary and the Guarantor as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32, Rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
To the Fiduciary and the Guarantor as to Luxembourg law 
Allen & Overy Société en commandite simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
To Societe Generale 
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
 
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
To Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
ERNST & YOUNG 
35E Avenue John F. Kennedy 
1855, Luxembourg 
Luxembourg