--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 December 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
(incorporated in France) 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme  
Under the Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base 
Prospectus), Société Générale (Société Générale or the Issuer) may from time to time, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives and to the provisions set out herein, issue unsecured notes to be governed either by English law or by French law (respectively, the 
English Law Notes and the French Law Notes and together, the Notes). Notes may either be senior or subordinated (respectively the Senior 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes). Senior Notes may either be senior preferred notes (the Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (the Senior Non-Preferred Notes). As long as Subordinated Notes are fully or partially recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will 
constitute Tier 2 capital subordinated notes (the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes); otherwise, they will constitute disqualified capital notes (the 
Disqualified Capital Notes). The Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one year as of its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Subject as set out 
herein, the Notes will not be subject to any minimum or maximum maturity and cannot be undated Notes. The Notes will be issued to one or more 
of the Dealers specified in the “General Description of the Programme” and/or any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) on a continuing basis. The Issuer has determined and agreed with the Dealers to remove the limit 
on the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the 
English Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and the terms and conditions 
of the French Law Notes (the French Law Conditions) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes” 
(the English Law Conditions and the French Law Conditions together, the Terms and Conditions or the Conditions). 
English Law Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes, which include Bearer SIS Notes (as defined in the English Law Conditions)), in 
registered certificated form (Registered Notes) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form as Uncertificated SIS Notes (as defined in 
the English Law Conditions). French Law Notes may be issued in dematerialised form or materialised form.  
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) will be deposited with a common depositary or, in the case of new global notes, a common safekeeper 
on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, SA Bearer SIS Notes (certified in a Permanent Global SIS Note) will be deposited 
with the Swiss securities services corporation SIX SIS Ltd (SIS) or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd (SIX Swiss Exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus 
dated 19 December 2022, as supplemented from time to time. Application may be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to (i) Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (ii) the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or (iii) any other stock exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Notes may also be unlisted. Euronext Paris and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange are regulated markets 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended (a Regulated Market). The Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and/or admitted to trading, and if so, on which market(s). Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other such regulated 
market or offered to the public in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum denomination as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and 
conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which (except in the case of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market nor offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA) will be filed with the AMF. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch), A1 by Moody’s 
France S.A.S. (Moody’s) and A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P, and, together with Fitch, Moody's and S&P, the Rating Agencies). 
Ratings can come under review at any time by Rating Agencies. Investors are invited to refer to the websites of the relevant Rating Agencies in 
order to have access to the latest rating (respectively: http://www.moodys.com, http://www.fitchratings.com and http://www.standardandpoors.com). 
The Rating Agencies are established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, appear on the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch, Moody's and S&P are, as the case may be, endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Certain Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the ratings referred to above and, during the life of such Notes, such rating(s) may be suspended, changed or withdrawn. Whether 
or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time and without prior notice by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public in France and/or 
in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), as the case may be, and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, 
before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Luxembourg

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ...................................................................................... ix 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................... 16 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF 
NOTES .................................................................................................................. 37 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................... 40 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................ 49 
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................... 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ......................................... 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES ........................................ 138 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................... 216 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................... 248 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE ..................................................................... 250 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER .................... 252 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................... 262 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................... 271 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS .................................................................................................... 280 
APPROVAL FROM THE AUTORITE DES MARCHES FINANCIERS ............................. 280 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 281

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains 
or incorporates by reference all relevant information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (filiales consolidées) taken as a whole (the Group) and the Notes that is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the base Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes not contained herein will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue and will be set out in the Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents that are 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), with any supplement 
thereto that may be published from time to time, and in relation to any Tranche of Notes, with the Final 
Terms. 
Subject as provided in the Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the Final Terms as the Dealers and the 
persons named in, or identifiable pursuant to, the Final Terms as Authorised Offerors, as the case may 
be.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information nor to make any 
representation other than those contained, or incorporated by reference, in or consistent with this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Programme or the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained or incorporated by reference herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme (including any information incorporated by reference herein) or the Notes (a) is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation or 
a statement of opinion (or a report on either of those things) by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme, or the Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that (i) the information contained or incorporated by reference herein concerning 
the Issuer or the Group is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or (ii) any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to their attention. 
No investment should be made in the Notes of any Series until after careful consideration of all risk 
factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, that are relevant in 
relation to the Notes of such Series. Prospective investors should reach an investment decision with 
respect to the suitability of the Notes of such Series for them only after careful consideration and 
consultation with their financial and legal advisers. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of 
the Group in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to 
the other matters referred to above.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s), Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of 
the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it 
operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or 
regulatory policy applicable to it. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction 
of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or 
purchase, any Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes outside the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes must inform themselves of, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale 
of Notes (see the section headed “Subscription and Sale”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the Securities Act) or under any state securities laws. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S (Regulation S) of the Securities Act, U.S. Persons) except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Permanently Restricted Notes (as defined below) 
may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person, and 
any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person 
and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons in reliance on Regulation S. By its purchase of a Permanently Restricted Note, each purchaser 
will be deemed to have agreed that it may not resell or otherwise transfer any Permanently Restricted 
Note held by it except outside the United States in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. 
Person. 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes means Registered Notes and/or dematerialised French law Notes sold 
exclusively outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently restricted from sale, 
transfer or delivery in the United States or to a U.S. Person. 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes and/or any other English Law 
Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes which are designated in the Final Terms to be 
Permanently Restricted Notes. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. Persons, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below 
may apply, any offer of Notes in any member state of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. The 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
 
 
 
(FSMA) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (UK MiFIR) and/or offered to the public 
in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 
of the FSMA. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to 
the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or Section 86 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation), in each case, in relation to such 
offer, or (ii) if this Base Prospectus has been completed by Final Terms which have been duly published 
and which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified for such purpose in such Final Terms, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, none of the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish, or 
supplement, a prospectus for such offer. 
Enforcement and recognition of judgements issued by the courts of the United Kingdom: 
Investors should note that, on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union 
under the “Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
(UK) from the European Union (EU) and the European Atomic Energy Community” dated 
19 October 2019 (the Withdrawal Agreement). 
Further to the Withdrawal Agreement, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters (Brussels I Regulation) is no longer applicable to 
judgments issued by the Courts of the UK. As a result, the Brussels I Regulation is no longer applied 
by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases. As a further consequence, English judgments are 
no longer recognised and enforced in the courts of Member States, including France, under this regime, 
again, save for legacy cases. 
On 1 January 2021, the UK re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 
2005 (the Hague 2005) to which the EU was already a party. Under the Hague 2005, English judgments 
issued by an English court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause entered into after 1 January 2021 
can be recognised and enforced in EU states, subject to standard exceptions. It is generally considered 
that the Hague 2005 only covers exclusive jurisdiction clauses and resulting judgments.  
Where English judgments are not within the scope of the Hague 2005, it will be necessary to 
consider the applicable national law rules on jurisdiction and enforcement. 
In 2022, the EU ratified another convention dealing with the cross-border enforcement of 
judgments, the 2019 Hague Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments (the Hague 
2019). In December 2022, the UK Government launched a consultation on the UK joining the Hague 
2019. If the UK does join the Hague 2019 (and it is currently expected that it will), this will provide a 
mechanism for the enforcement of a wide range of English judgments in the EU (and other contracting 
states). Currently the Hague 2019 has only been ratified by the EU and Ukraine. Although there are 
subject matter exclusions, the Hague 2019 covers a much wider range of judgments than the Hague 
2005 and, importantly for investors, would cover judgments issued pursuant to asymmetric jurisdiction 
clauses.  
Assuming the UK does accede to the Hague 2019, there would be a time lag in its application. 
The Hague 2019 would only apply to judgments where the convention was in force in both the state of 
origin and the state of enforcement when the proceedings leading to the judgment were initiated. 
Moreover, under the terms of the Hague 2019, once a country ratifies the convention, there is a 12-
month period before it is deemed to come into force in relation to that country.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
 
 
 
The provisions contained in Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
do not fall within the scope of the Hague 2005. 
In these circumstances, the 1934 international treaty between the UK and France on the 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 1934 Treaty) could potentially be 
applicable to UK judgments. It is indeed arguable that the 1934 Treaty has never been repealed and is 
still in force since it had only been superseded by European treaties and regulations (i.e., by the 1968 
Brussels Convention on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters 
and, subsequently, by the Brussels I Regulation). However, the possibility of relying on the 1934 Treaty 
is debated – and it is also unclear how a French Court would construe its provisions. 
In the alternative, enforcement in France of such UK judgment could be obtained following 
proper (i.e., non-ex parte) proceedings if the relevant civil court (Tribunal judiciaire) is satisfied that the 
following conditions have been met (which conditions, under prevailing French case law, do not include 
a review by the French court of the merits of the foreign judgment): 
• 
the relevant judgment is enforceable in the UK; 
• 
the dispute is clearly connected to the country in which such judgment was rendered 
and the French courts did not have exclusive jurisdiction to hear the matter; 
• 
the judgment is not contrary to French international public policy (ordre public 
international), both pertaining to the merits and to the procedure of the case; 
• 
the judgment is not tainted with fraud; and 
• 
the judgment does not conflict with a judgment of a French court or a foreign judgment 
which has become effective in France and there is no risk of conflict with proceedings pending before 
the French courts at the time enforcement of the judgment is sought and having the same or similar 
subject matter as such judgment. 
If the French civil court is satisfied that such conditions are met, the UK judgment will benefit 
from the res judicata effect as of the date of the decision of the French civil court and will thus be 
declared enforceable in France. However, the decision granting the exequatur is subject to appeal. 
Furthermore, if an original action is brought in France, French courts may refuse to apply all or part of 
foreign law designated by the applicable French rules of conflict (including the law chosen by the parties 
to govern their contract) if the application of such law (in the case at hand) is deemed to contravene (i) 
French international public policy or (ii) in case of applicable overriding mandatory rules (as determined 
on a case by case basis by French courts). Furthermore, in an action brought in France on the basis of 
UK securities laws, French courts may not have the requisite power to grant all the remedies sought. 
PRIIPS/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PRIIPS/IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
 
 
 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant 
to section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or 
an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, 
any Notes. 
SWITZERLAND IMPORTANT NOTICE – The Notes described in this Base Prospectus and related 
offering documents do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Notes are 
not subject to authorization and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(FINMA) and investors in the Notes issued under this Programme will not benefit from protection under

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
 
 
 
the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Notes will bear a credit risk on the Issuer of the 
Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
Important Considerations 
 
ix 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes 
is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the 
Notes. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either 
on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and in 
the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the provisions 
relating to the subordinated ranking and to any write-down or conversion of the Notes and 
is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi)  is aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the 
applicable restrictions on its ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of 
Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. 
Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-
alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments to reduce risk or enhance yield with 
an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective 
investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment 
portfolio.  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes constitute legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be 
used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.

--- Page 10 ---
Important Considerations 
 
x 
 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds related to Positive Impact Notes 
The Final Terms of the Notes may provide that the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds of the issue to finance or refinance, in part or in full, Eligible Activities, which serve to 
deliver a positive contribution to one or more of the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, 
environmental and social), once any potential negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly 
identified as defined in the Framework and as specified in the Final Terms.  
Positive Impact Notes can be either Green Positive Impact Notes, Social Positive Impact Notes or 
Sustainability Positive Impact Notes if an amount equivalent to the net proceeds is applied to finance 
or refinance Eligible Activities in the green categories, social categories or in both categories (in the 
case of Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) pursuant to the Framework. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Final Terms and the 
Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Positive Impact Notes, together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes or may 
be classified as, a “green”, “social”, “sustainable”, or equivalently-labelled project or loan that may 
finance such project or loan, and the requirements of any such label are currently under development. 
Further development of the EU taxonomy will take place via a new “Platform on Sustainable Finance”, 
which became operational in 2023 and is expected to contribute to the development of the definition of 
“green”, “social, “sustainable” or equivalently labelled projects within the framework of the Taxonomy 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 dated 18 June 2020 which was adopted by the Council and the European 
Parliament and its relevant delegated acts. In February 2022, the “Platform on Sustainable Finance” 
published a “Final Report on Social Taxonomy” which purports to determine whether and how a “social” 
taxonomy should be developed, albeit not committing the European Commission to the development of 
a “social” taxonomy. On 20 December 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds 
marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds will enter into force and 
constitute a new voluntary European green bonds label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds 
where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. It is not clear 
at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond standard may have on investor demand for, 
and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand 
and liquidity for such bonds and their price. 
The relevant Eligible Activity or the application of the net proceeds of any Positive Impact Notes in 
connection therewith (as described in section “Use of Proceeds” of the relevant Final Terms), might not 
be implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule. Nor 
can it be certain that such Eligible Activity will be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the "sustainable and positive impact" aspect) originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of proceeds of any 
Positive Impact Notes identified in the Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether pursuant to any present or future applicable law or regulation or under its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever in respect of (i) any second party opinion or certification of any other third party (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuer) that may be made available in connection with the issue of any Positive 
Impact Notes and in particular with any activity to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria, 
(ii) any Framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any Positive Impact 
Notes or equivalently labelled Notes, or on (iii) any public reporting or (iv) any Positive Impact Notes or 
equivalently labelled Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
Important Considerations 
 
xi 
 
 
 
 
Currently, the providers of second party opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such second party opinion or certification is not, and should 
not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Positive Impact Notes. 
The Arranger or the Dealers do not make any representation as to the suitability of the Positive Impact 
Notes to fulfil “positive impact” criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger or the Dealers 
have not undertaken, and are not responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any 
verification of whether the Positive Impact Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use 
of proceeds. Investors should refer to Société Générale’s website or any third-party opinion. 
Investors should refer to the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer’s website, the Issuer’s Framework and the 
second-party opinion delivered in respect thereof, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any Eligible Activities for further information. Any 
such Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not form part of, nor be 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
Any opinion or certification of any other third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Positive Impact Notes and in particular with any 
project to fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria may not be suitable or reliable for any purpose 
whatsoever. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be treated 
or considered as, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Positive Impact Notes. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders.  
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of 
Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the 
amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the 
liquidity or market value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Société Générale will act as Issuer, as Dealer, as Calculation Agent and, in respect of English Law 
Notes, as Rate Determination Agent, under the Programme. As a result, potential conflicts of interest 
may arise between the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and, in respect of English Law Notes, 
the Rate Determination Agent, including with respect to Société Générale’s duties and obligations as 
Dealer, as Calculation Agent and, in respect of English Law Notes, as Rate Determination Agent. Such 
potential conflicts of interests are mitigated using different management teams and information barriers 
within Société Générale but the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely 
eliminated.

--- Page 12 ---
Important Considerations 
 
xii 
 
 
 
 
Differences between the Notes and the bank’s covered deposits in terms of yield, risk and 
liquidity - Prior to acquiring any Notes, investors should note that there are a number of key differences 
between the Notes and bank deposits, including without limitations:  
(i) 
claims in relation to the payment of principal and interest under the Notes rank below claims 
under the so-called “covered deposits” (being deposits below the €100,000 threshold benefiting 
from the protection of the deposit guarantee scheme in accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014);  
(ii) 
generally, demand deposits will be more liquid than financial instruments such as the Notes; 
and  
(iii) 
generally, the Notes will benefit from a higher yield than a covered deposit denominated in the 
same currency and having the same maturity. The higher yield usually results from the higher 
risk associated with the Notes.  
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation, which 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements 
of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Prospective investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a 
position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor.  
In addition, as a financial institution, the Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any tax 
liabilities to holders of the Notes and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Notes. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) withholding could be 
payable in relation to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the Notes if conditions for a charge 
to arise are satisfied. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a detailed explanation of 
FATCA and how FATCA may affect them, in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in sections headed "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes" or, as the case may be, "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this General Description. Unless otherwise specified, the expression 
"Notes" shall include the English Law Notes and the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the 
Conditions applicable to such English Law Notes and French Law Notes. 
Issuer: 
Société Générale 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme for the issue 
of notes to be governed by either English law or French law 
(respectively the English Law Notes and the French Law Notes). 
Notes may either be senior or subordinated (respectively the Senior 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes). Senior Notes may be either 
senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-
preferred notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the 
Final Terms. As long as Subordinated Notes are fully or partially 
recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will constitute Tier 2 
capital subordinated notes (the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes); 
otherwise, they will automatically constitute disqualified capital notes 
(the Disqualified Capital Notes). 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Permanent Dealers: 
Société Générale, Société Générale Luxembourg and any additional 
permanent dealer appointed in respect of the whole Programme in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Programme 
Agreements 
(and 
whose 
appointment has not been terminated). 
Dealers: 
The Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in 
respect of one or more Tranches of Notes in accordance with the 
Programme Agreements (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated). 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Société Générale will 
be used for the general financing purposes of the Group. 
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, it is the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue to 
finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or 
via loans), in part or in full, eligible activities (such activities, the 
Eligible Activities), as defined in the sustainable and positive impact 
bond framework of the Issuer, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time (the Framework), such use will be stated in the Final 
Terms of such Notes (the Positive Impact Notes). 
Risk Factors:  
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be 
assessed prior to any investment decision.

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the Group 
In particular, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries (filiales 
consolidées) taken as a whole (the Group) is exposed to: 
- risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and 
regulatory environments,  
- credit and counterparty credit risks,  
- market and structural risks,  
- liquidity and funding risks, 
- extra-financial risks (including operational risks) and model risks,  
- risks related to insurance activities and long-term leasing activities. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The following categories of risk factors relating to the Notes are 
identified: 
- 
risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer, 
- 
risks related to the market of the Notes and credit ratings, and 
- 
risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue 
of Notes. 
For any further information on the risks relating to the Issuer and/or 
the Notes, investors and/or Noteholders should refer (i) to paragraph 
I "Risk relating to the Issuer and the Group" and (ii) to paragraph II 
"Risk relating to the Notes" of section "Risk Factors" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See section "Subscription and Sale".  
Fiscal Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Registrar: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
Paying Agent: 
Société Générale, together with the Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor paying agent appointed in accordance with 
Condition 11 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 10 of the 
French Law Conditions (Appointment of Agents). 
In respect of SIS Notes (comprising either Bearer SIS Notes or 
Uncertificated SIS Notes), and other Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, Société Générale, Zurich Branch or any other entity 
appointed from time to time and specified in the Final Terms shall act 
as Principal Swiss Paying Agent, together with further additional 
Swiss Paying Agents which may be appointed from time to time (and 
each of the expressions of Principal Swiss Paying Agent and Swiss 
Paying Agent shall include any additional or successor Swiss paying 
agent appointed from time to time).

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued by way of a private placement or by way of 
a public offer and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more 
issue dates. Notes from a single Series shall be governed by identical 
terms (except for their respective issue dates and/or issue prices) and 
are fungible with one another. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes may be denominated in any currency as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in 
the Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the Final Terms subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at an issue price (expressed either (i) as a 
percentage of the Aggregate Nominal Amount or (ii) as an amount per 
Note of the relevant Specified Denomination) which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Form of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
The English Law Notes will be issued either (a) in bearer form (Bearer 
Notes which include Bearer SIS Notes) (with or without interest 
coupons attached) or (b) in registered certificated form (Registered 
Notes) (without interest coupons attached) or (c) in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form (without interest coupons attached) 
registered with SIX SIS Ltd. (SIS) or any other clearing institution in 
Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(Uncertificated SIS Notes). 
Bearer Notes (other than Bearer SIS Notes) will on issue be 
represented by either a temporary global note (each a Temporary 
Global Note and a Bearer Global Note) or a permanent global note 
(each a Permanent Global Note and a Bearer Global Note) each 
without interest coupons attached as specified in the Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable either for (a) interests 
in a Permanent Global Note (subject to postponement as further 
described herein) or (b) for Definitive Bearer Notes, as indicated in the 
Final Terms. Permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described under section "Form of the Notes". 
Bearer SIS Notes will on issue be represented by a permanent global 
Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without interest coupons 
attached that will be deposited with SIS or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary) on or 
prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche. Permanent 
Global SIS Notes are exchangeable, in whole, but not in part, for 
Definitive Bearer SIS Notes only in very limited circumstances. Once 
the Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
Intermediary and the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby have 
been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated 
securities (Bucheffekten) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated 
Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs benefit 
from a limited exception to the certification in bearer form requirement 
of the TEFRA D Rules if such Bearer SIS Notes fulfil the relevant 
requirements set out in the English Law Conditions. 
Registered Notes will on issue be represented by a Regulation S 
Global Note or a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note (each a 
Registered Global Note and a Global Note) which will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Registered 
Notes 
in 
certain 
circumstances set out in such Registered Global Note. Non-U.S. 
Registered Notes means Registered Notes sold exclusively outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently 
restricted from sale, transfer or delivery in the United States or to a 
U.S. Person.  
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice 
versa. 
Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once 
the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes 
have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. The records of the Intermediary will 
determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the Intermediary. 
Permanently Restricted Notes 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes 
and any other English Law Notes that are designated in the Final 
Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes and French Law 
Dematerialised Notes (as defined below) which are designated in the 
Final Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes. 
French Law Notes 
The French Law Notes will be issued in either dematerialised form 
(Dematerialised Notes) or materialised form (Materialised Notes). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 of the French Law 
Conditions (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination). 
Materialised Notes will be issued in bearer form only and will only be 
issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without coupons attached (a Temporary Global Certificate) will 
initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for 
interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th 
calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as further described herein) upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
For further details, please see the section entitled "Form of the Notes". 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the Bearer Global 
Note (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) is a new global note 
(NGN) or if the Registered Global Note is held under the new 
safekeeping structure (NSS), the Bearer Global Note or Registered 
Global Note will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream. On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
Bearer Global Note is not issued in NGN form (a CGN) or if the 
Registered Global Note is not held under the NSS, the Bearer Global 
Note representing Bearer Notes or the Registered Global Note 
representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. Registered Notes that are 
to be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee for such 
clearing system(s). 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, on or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer 
SIS Notes will be deposited with the Intermediary. Once the 
Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the Intermediary 
and the Bearer SIS Notes represented thereby have been entered into 
the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, such 
Bearer SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated Securities.  
In the case of Uncertificated SIS Notes, on or before the issue date 
for each Tranche, the Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the 
main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary. Once the 
Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes 
have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of 
the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
French Law Notes 
One Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre Comptable or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Euroclear France application form, relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche 
shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Rate Notes will bear interest at the rate set forth in the Final 
Terms. Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on such date or dates 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) and on the redemption date and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the Final 
Terms. 
Notes may also have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed rate 
of interest specified in the Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the Final 
Terms by reference to a Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Specified 
Currency, U.S. Treasury Rate or Reference Bond Rate, and for a 
period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes may also be payable on the Maturity 
Date only.  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating-Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate of interest for each 
interest period calculated on the basis of: 
(i) 
any relevant ISDA Rate (meaning a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the fiscal agent or any other person specified 
in the Final Terms, under an interest swap transaction if the 
fiscal agent or that other person were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA 
Definitions) plus or minus a margin (if any) and under which: 
a. the Floating Rate Option and the Designated Maturity (all 
as defined in the ISDA Definitions) are as specified in the 
Final Terms; 
b. the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) is the first day of the interest period); and 
c. if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, “Compounding” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
i. 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final 
Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
ii. 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is 
specified as the “Compounding Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period 
Shift” is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
iii. 
“Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business 
Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the offered quotation (or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations) for the reference rate(s) appearing on the 
relevant screen page as at the specified time indicated in the 
Final Terms on the interest determination date (or any 
successor rate or alternative rate), plus or minus a margin (if 
any), as determined by the calculation agent; or 
(iii) 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), the Shanghai Interbank 
Offered Rate (SHIBOR), the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR), 
the Tokyo Overnight Average (TONA) or the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (SARON), or any successor rate or 
alternative rate; 
subject in all cases to any Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate 
of Interest or both, and/or rate multiplier, all as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Other 
provisions 
in 
relation to Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a 
Minimum Rate of Interest or both, or be subject to a Rate Multiplier, in 
each case as set forth in the Final Terms. Furthermore, unless a 
higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will 
automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a 
floating rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest (other than in the case of late 
payment). 
Early Redemption and 
Purchase: 
- 
Early Redemption of Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Special Tax Event or (if 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event. 
- 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a 
Tax Deductibility Event, a Capital Event or (if specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. 
- 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
The Final Terms will specify whether Senior Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity pursuant to the Residual

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
Maturity Redemption Option, the Clean-up Redemption Option, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Option or pursuant to an Issuer Call Option. 
The Final Terms will specify whether Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
be redeemed before their stated maturity pursuant to the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Option, the Clean-up Redemption Option or 
pursuant to an Issuer Call Option. 
The Final Terms will specify whether Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity pursuant to the Residual 
Maturity Redemption Option, the Clean-up Redemption Option or 
pursuant to an Issuer Call Option, but in any case, no earlier than five 
(5) years from the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes, except for the Clean-up Redemption Option. 
- 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes 
The Final Terms will specify whether Senior Preferred Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Noteholders. 
- 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to conditions, at any 
time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise, in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
- 
Conditions 
to 
redemption, 
substitution, 
variation, 
purchase or cancellation in respect of Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date 
Redemption, substitution, variation, purchase or cancellation of: 
(i) Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, unless specified as not applicable in 
the Final Terms;  
(ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subject to the prior permission 
of the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
(iii) Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes will be subject to certain 
conditions, including in particular the prior permission of the 
Regulator; and 
(iv) Disqualified Capital Notes will be subject, as the case may be, to 
the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
Substitution and 
variation in respect of 
English Law Notes: 
- 
Substitution and variation of English Law Senior Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Senior Notes or to 
vary their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior 
Notes. 
- 
Substitution and variation of English Law Subordinated 
Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Subordinated Notes 
or to vary their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes. 
Denomination(s) of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the Final

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
9 
 
 
 
 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or offered to the public in France and/or 
Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at least such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Specified Currency. 
Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and/or 
Consolidation: 
Notes denominated in a currency that may be converted into euro may 
be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation 
with other Notes denominated in euro. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes, or 
any present or future Coupons relating thereto, will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made in respect 
of payments of (i) principal, interest and other assimilated revenues in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) interest only (and not 
principal) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 6 of the 
French Law Conditions (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain a negative 
pledge provision. 
Events of Default; 
No Cross-default: 
If “Events of Default” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
there will be limited events of default (but no cross default) in respect 
of Senior Preferred Notes. Otherwise, there will be no events of 
default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes and the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or any related Coupons would not be able to 
accelerate the maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes will not contain 
any Events of Default. In no event will Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders or Subordinated Noteholders be able to accelerate the 
maturity of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred 
Notes) or senior non-preferred notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the 
Issuer under the Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered 
Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law no 2016-
1691 dated 9 December 2016 (the Law), constitute Senior Preferred 
Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
 
 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related 
Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire 
et financier (the Code)): 
(i) 
pari passu with: 
a. all direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations 
of the Issuer outstanding as of the date of entry into force 
of the Law on 11 December 2016; and 
b. all present or future senior preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the 
Issuer issued after the date of entry into force of the Law 
on 11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from 
statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article 
L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the Issuer; and 
b. subordinated 
obligations 
and 
deeply 
subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
holders of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from 
statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred Creditors); and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; 
and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior 
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
will be terminated. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps 
for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in 
relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer.  
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related 
Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred obligations 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code):

--- Page 23 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future senior non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-
I-4° of the Code);  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 
613-30-3-I-3° of the Code); and 
b. 
obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations and 
deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in 
(ii) above; 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; 
and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of holders of, or creditors 
in respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
will be terminated. 
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary 
steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
Notes that are specified in the Final Terms as “Subordinated Notes” 
are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French 
Code de commerce and Article L. 613-30-3-I-5° of the Code with the 
intention to be recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer 
on the Issue Date. 
As long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments, they will constitute Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes,

--- Page 24 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
and, if they are no longer recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, 
they will automatically constitute Disqualified Capital Notes.  
Status of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes: 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any 
related Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Tier 2 Capital Instruments 
and Prior Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. 
subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law; 
b. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
b. 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank 
in priority to Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
c. 
subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law; and 
d. 
senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all 
present or future holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons, shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such 
liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer.

--- Page 25 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
Status of Disqualified Capital Notes 
Disqualified Capital Notes, including, where applicable any related 
Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Disqualified Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments and Prior Subordinated 
Obligations of the Issuer; 
b. 
subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law; 
c. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply 
Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank 
in priority to the Disqualified Capital Instruments of the 
Issuer;  
b. 
subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law; and 
c. 
senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Disqualified Capital 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in 
(iii) above; and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Disqualified 
Capital Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons, 
shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or creditors in 
respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Disqualified 
Capital Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will 
be terminated. 
The holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps 
for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in 
relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
Waiver of Set-off rights: 
Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention in 
relation to the Notes, to the extent permitted by law. 
Acknowledgement 
of 
Bail-In and Write-Down 
or Conversion Powers: 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully 
described in Condition 17 of the English Law Conditions and in 
Condition 15 of the French Law Conditions. 
Ratings: 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term 
issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, A1 by Moody’s 
France S.A.S. and A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. 
Prospective investors of Notes should inform themselves of the credit 
rating(s) (if any) applicable to a Tranche of Notes before making any 
investment decision in such Notes. The credit ratings of the Notes, if 
any, will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
The Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on SIX Swiss 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or 
on any other stock exchange, as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Notes may also be unlisted. 
Offer to the Public: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be offered to the public (i) on a non-
exempt basis in France, Luxembourg and/or in any other jurisdictions 
into which the Base Prospectus has been passported and/or (ii) in 
Switzerland, as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Method of Publication of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
and the Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published 
from time to time and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public 
in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland, the Final 
Terms related to such Notes will be published on the websites of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), as the case may be, and of the Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com). Copies of such documents may also 
be available for inspection and obtained, upon request and free of 
charge, during usual business hours on any weekday at the head 
office of the Issuer and at the Fiscal Agent's or each of the Paying 
Agents' specified offices, or through any other means in accordance 
with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Final Terms will 
indicate where this Base Prospectus may be obtained. 
Governing Laws: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law (except for (i) Condition 3 (Status of 
the Notes) of the English Law Conditions which shall be governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, French Law and (ii) in the case of 
Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and transfer, as set out in 
Condition 1 of the English Law Conditions (Form, Denomination, Title 
and Redenomination), which shall be governed by Swiss law and 
particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution

--- Page 27 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
in Switzerland recognized for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange) 
or French law, as specified in the Final Terms.  
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions in 
various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, The People's Republic of China, Japan, 
Switzerland, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Australia, the EEA and 
jurisdictions within the EEA, including Italy, the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the Republic of Korea.  
Additional selling restrictions may apply, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. The Final Terms will specify whether 
TEFRA Rules are applicable and, in this case, whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D are applicable. 
Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any 
time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors 
associated with an investment in the Notes. You should carefully consider the following 
discussion of risks, and any risk factors included in the “Risk and Capital Adequacy” section 
on pages 163 to 174 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, the “Risk and Capital 
Adequacy” section on pages 57 to 64 of the Second Amendment to the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document and the “Risk and Capital Adequacy” section on pages 36 to 37 of the 
Third Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document, incorporated by reference 
herein. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
In addition, factors which the Issuer believes may be material for an informed investment decision with 
respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme and for assessing the market risks 
associated with investing in the Notes are described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and incorporated by reference herein represent 
the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including in all 
documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views as to potential risks prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when 
used in this section. 
I. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP  
The Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). The following categories of risk 
factors are identified:  
1. 
Risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and regulatory environments 
o 
The global economic and financial context, geopolitical tensions, as well as the market 
environment in which the Group operates, may adversely affect its activities, financial 
position and results of operations. 
o 
The Group’s failure to achieve its strategic and financial objectives disclosed to the 
market could have an adverse effect on its business and results of operations. 
o 
The Group is subject to an extended regulatory framework in each of the countries in 
which it operates and changes to this regulatory framework could have a negative 
effect on the Group’s businesses, financial position and costs, as well as on the 
financial and economic environment in which it operates. 
o 
Increased competition from banking and non-banking operators could have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business and results, both in its French domestic market and 
internationally. 
o 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks, in particular related to climate 
change, could have an impact on the Group’s activities, results and financial situation 
in the short-, medium- and long-term. 
o 
The Group is subject to regulations relating to resolution procedures, which could have 
an adverse effect on its business and the value of its financial instruments.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Credit and counterparty credit risks 
o 
The Group is exposed to credit, counterparty and concentration risks, which may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
o 
The financial soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market 
participants could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
o 
The Group’s results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected by 
a late or insufficient provisioning of credit exposures. 
3. 
Market and structural risks 
o 
Sharp changes in interest rates may adversely affect retail banking activities in France 
in the short term. 
o 
Changes and volatility in the financial markets may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business and the results of market activities. 
o 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect the Group’s results. 
o 
Adjustments to the carrying amount of the Group’s securities and derivatives portfolios 
and of its debt could have an impact on its net income and shareholders’ equity. 
4. 
Liquidity and funding risks 
o 
A downgrade in the Group's external rating or to the sovereign rating of the French 
state could have an adverse effect on the Group's cost of financing and its access to 
liquidity. 
o 
The Group’s access to financing and the cost of this financing could be negatively 
affected in the event of a resurgence of financial crises or deteriorating economic 
conditions. 
5. 
Extra-financial risks (including operational risks) and model risks 
o 
A breach of information systems, notably in the event of cyberattack, could have an 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, result in losses and damage the Group’s 
reputation. 
o 
The Group is exposed to legal risks that could have a material adverse effect on its 
financial position or results of operations. 
o 
Operational failure, termination or capacity constraints affecting institutions the Group 
does business with, or failure of information technology systems could have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s business and result in losses and damages to its reputation. 
o 
The Group is exposed to fraud risk, which could result in losses and damage its 
reputation. 
o 
Reputational damage could harm the Group’s competitive position, its activity and 
financial condition. 
o 
The Group’s inability to attract and retain qualified employees may adversely affect its 
performance. 
o 
The models, in particular the Group’s internal models, used in strategic decision-
making and in risk management systems could fail, face delays in deployment, or prove 
to be inadequate and result in financial losses for the Group.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
 
 
 
 
o 
The Group may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including 
health crises, large-scale armed conflicts, terrorist attacks or natural disasters. 
6. 
Risks related to insurance activities and long-term leasing activities 
o 
A deterioration in market conditions, and in particular a significant increase or decrease 
in interest rates, could have a material adverse effect on the life insurance activities of 
the Group's Insurance business. 
o 
On the mobility market, the Group is exposed to a potential loss in a financial year from 
resale of vehicles and additional impairment during the lease period. Future sales and 
estimated losses are impacted by external factors such as macroeconomic conditions, 
government policies, tax and environmental regulations, consumer preferences and 
new vehicle prices. 
II. RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should 
consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with and the suitability of an 
investment in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. The following categories of risk factors 
and risk factors are identified:  
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer 
1.1 
The principal amount of the Notes may be reduced to absorb losses, and in case of a 
resolution procedure, the Notes may be written down or converted to equity or other 
resolution measures may be required by applicable French and European legislation  
If the Issuer is subject to resolution, the powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation (each, as defined in Condition 17 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 15 of 
the French Law Conditions (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers)) 
include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes) and bail-inable liabilities (including Disqualified Capital Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes, if capital instruments prove insufficient to absorb all 
losses) absorb losses of the Issuer in accordance with a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power).  
The Bail-in Power is applied such that losses are borne first by the creditors in the order of their claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings, subject to certain exceptions notably with respect to certain liabilities 
that are outside the scope of the bail-in Power. As a consequence, losses are to be born first by 
shareholders, then by holders of capital instruments (including Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes), then 
by holders of subordinated debt instruments (such as Disqualified Capital Notes), then by holders of 
senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) , then by holders of senior 
preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and depositors of the Issuer (other than in 
respect of covered deposits and eligible deposits of natural persons and of small and medium-sized 
enterprises) which rank pari passu with holders of senior preferred debt instruments and then finally by 
depositors in accordance with the order of their claims provided by article L. 613-30-3 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, as amended or superseded from time to time.  
In April 2023, the EU Commission released a proposal to amend, in particular, the BRRD according to 
which senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would no longer rank pari 
passu with any non-covered non-preferred deposits of the Issuer; instead, senior preferred debt 
instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all 
depositors. This proposal will be discussed and amended by the European Parliament and the 
European Council before being final and applicable. If the Commission proposal was adopted as is, its 
implementation may increase the risk of an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing all or some of its 
investment in the context of the exercise of the Bail-in Power. The proposal may also lead to a rating 
downgrade for senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes). See “– Risks related

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
to the market for the Notes and credit ratings – Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be 
lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained” for further information on credit ratings. 
The Resolution Authority may also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a 
resolution measure, write down or convert into ordinary shares, or other instruments of ownership, 
capital instruments (including Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes) and eligible liabilities (such as 
Disqualified Capital Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes, as the case may 
be, it being specified that the write-down and conversion of eligible liabilities is only possible in a 
resolution scheme, except for eligible liabilities included in the internal MREL of subsidiaries). In 
particular, the Resolution Authority is required to exercise the write-down or conversion power (i) where 
the conditions for resolution have been met, before any resolution action is taken, (ii) where it 
determines that, unless that power is exercised, the institution would no longer be viable, or (iii) where 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (subject to certain exceptions). 
Condition 17 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 15 of the French Law Conditions 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers) contains provisions giving effect 
to the Bail-in Power in the context of resolution and write-down or conversion of capital instruments and 
eligible liabilities (for further details as to the hierarchy of claims, see “Governmental supervision and 
regulation of the Issuer – Resolution Framework in France and European Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive”). 
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary 
shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
variation of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable 
may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). In exceptional 
circumstances, where the Bail-In Power is applied, the Resolution Authority may, pursuant to Article 
44(3) of the BRRD, exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down 
or conversions powers. The exercise of any of these powers may adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment in the Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer has to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL), as well as the standard on total loss absorbing capacity (TLAC), which is set forth in 
a term sheet (the FSB TLAC Term Sheet) published by the financial stability board (the FSB). The 
Capital Requirements Regulation II and the BRRD II give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and 
modify the requirements for MREL eligibility. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer meets its 
MREL and TLAC requirements. 
Any failure by the Issuer and/or the Group to comply with its MREL or TLAC Requirements may have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Group’s business, financial conditions and results of 
operations and could result, among other things, in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on 
discretionary payments by the Issuer. In addition, the application of any measure under the French 
implementing provisions of the BRRD and BRRD II or any suggestion of such application with respect 
to the Issuer or the Group could, with respect to capital instruments (such as Tier 2 Capital Subordinated 
Notes), materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, investors 
may lose their entire investment.  
Moreover, if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the 
exercise of write-down/conversion powers or any other resolution tools by the Resolution Authority 
independently of a resolution proceeding or in combination with a resolution proceeding when it 
determines that the Issuer and/or the Group will no longer be viable could cause the market value of 
the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Therefore, the application of any measure under the French implementing provisions of the BRRD and 
BRRD II or any suggestion of such application to the Issuer or the Group could materially and adversely 
affect the rights of investors and/or the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, investors may lose their entire 
investment. See section “Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
1.2 
Noteholders’ returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer 
The Issuer, being a credit institution having its registered office in France, may be subject to French 
insolvency law.  
If the Issuer were to become insolvent, Noteholders’ returns could be limited or delayed. Application of 
French insolvency law could affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes (such as interest 
and/or principal) and French insolvency laws may not be as favourable to Noteholders as the insolvency 
laws of other countries. 
Under French insolvency law, as amended by ordinance No 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 
implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 June 2019 on 
preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to 
increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and 
amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the “Ordinance”), in the event of a safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) 
or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring 
the Issuer’s indebtedness being opened in France with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be 
treated as affected parties to the extent their rights are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a 
class of affected parties. The Noteholders can be gathered in a class of affected parties with other 
creditors sharing sufficient commonality of economic interests on the basis of objective and verifiable 
criteria (as defined below). 
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the relevant debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed 
administrator, is submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of each class of affected parties. 
Such affected parties cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard procedures (as opposed 
to judicial reorganisation proceedings). 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of affected parties, such plan may (at the request 
of the debtor or of the court-appointed administrator, subject to the relevant debtor’s approval (or at the 
request of an affected party in the context of judicial reorganisation proceedings)) be imposed on the 
dissenting class(es) of affected parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions. 
As a consequence, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of affected parties may be 
overridden. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further 
described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) of the English Law 
Conditions and Condition 12 (Meeting and voting provisions) of the French Law Conditions will not be 
applicable to the extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances. 
The ACPR must approve in advance the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial 
liquidation procedures. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings could have an adverse impact on the market value of 
the Notes and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. For more details, see section 
“Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
1.3 
No right of set-off under the Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 18 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 16 of the French Law Conditions 
(Waiver of set-off), the Noteholders waive any and all rights of or claims of set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention and counterclaim (a “claim”) (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments 
of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes) in 
relation to the Notes, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. As a result, the Noteholders will 
not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes against obligations owed

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
 
 
 
 
by them to the Issuer. Therefore, Noteholders may not receive any amount in respect of their claims or 
any amount due under the Notes. 
1.4 
Noteholders bear the credit risk of the Issuer 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and 
Disqualified Capital Notes of each Series will rank according to their respective status, as provided in 
Condition 3 of the English Law Conditions (Status of the Notes) or Condition 2 of the French Law 
Conditions (Status of the Notes) and will be effectively subordinated to any secured senior indebtedness 
that the Issuer may incur to the extent of the value of, and the validity and priority of the liens on, the 
Issuer’s assets securing that indebtedness. In the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganization, bankruptcy or any similar proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of 
any of the Issuer’s secured indebtedness would be entitled to be paid from the assets securing that 
indebtedness before the Issuer’s assets may be used to make any payment in respect of the Notes. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes place no 
restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Notes, or on the 
amount of securities it may issue that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation of the Issuer. 
Noteholders purchasing the Notes will rely upon the creditworthiness (ability to pay) of the Issuer and 
no other person. Therefore, Noteholders face the risk of not receiving any payment on their investment 
if the Issuer file for bankruptcy or is otherwise unable to pay their debt obligations. 
The Issuer’s ability to pay its obligations under the Notes are dependent upon a number of factors, 
including the Issuer’s creditworthiness, financial condition and results of operations. 
2. 
Risks related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings 
2.1 
Market value of the Notes 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the Issuer’s creditworthiness, credit ratings and/or 
cost of borrowing and a number of additional factors, including the market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the Maturity Date. The value of the Notes depends on several interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial, regulatory, social, health and political events in France and elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are 
traded. The price at which a Noteholder may sell the Notes prior to their Maturity Date may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
Therefore, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
2.2 
It is uncertain whether a trading market will develop or continue and whether it will be 
liquid  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may not 
develop in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and the market 
value for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the 
Issuer’s financial condition and prospects and other factors that generally influence the market value of 
securities. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If the Final Terms provide that application is made for a Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market and/or on any stock exchange, this 
application may not be accepted, and such Series of Notes may not be admitted to trading or an active 
trading market in respect of such Series may not develop or, once accepted and/or admitted, such 
admission and/or listing may be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. 
Such situation could materially affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
 
 
 
 
2.3 
Reinvestment risks 
The Issuer may redeem Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and Variation, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions, depending on the specification of the relevant Final Terms, 
following the exercise of a Residual Maturity Redemption Option, a Clean-up Redemption Option (if at 
least 75% or any other percentage specified in the Final Terms of the initial aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes has been redeemed or purchased), a Make-Whole Redemption Option or an Issuer Call 
Option. In addition, the Notes may be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date, following the occurrence 
of a Tax Event, a Capital Event, a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event, or an Event of Default (as the 
case may be). At those times, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate in light of other investments available at that time. Such 
situation could also impact the market value of the Notes.  
Moreover, if the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (pursuant to Condition 4 of the English Law 
Conditions or Condition 3 of the French Law Conditions (Interest)) provide for frequent interest payment 
dates investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
2.4 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch, A1 by 
Moody’s and A by S&P. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, as described in 
section “General Description of the Programme”. Such ratings may be different from the ratings 
assigned to the Issuer by the respective rating agencies. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Notes and/or the Issuer will be maintained by the Issuer 
following the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes and/or the Issuer is revised, lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not 
maintained by the Issuer, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Further, rating 
agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If unsolicited ratings are assigned, such ratings 
might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer.  
2.5 
Changes in exchange rate and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
3. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes  
The Programme allows for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes 
may carry varying risks for prospective investors depending on the specific structure and features of 
such Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
 
 
 
 
3.1 
Risks related to the status of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1.1 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that 
rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated 
Notes and the aggregate amount due under such outstanding debt may be substantial. The Issuer’s 
incurrence of additional debt may have important consequences for investors in the Notes, including 
increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy its obligations with respect to the Notes; a loss in 
the market value of the Notes, if any; and a downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating(s) of the 
Notes (if any). The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by investors 
upon the Issuer's resolution, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy or upon the 
occurrence of similar proceedings. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, Noteholders 
could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest, reduction of 
interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) or become 
subject to any resolution procedure, the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
3.1.2 
Absence of events of default in respect of Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes not intended 
to be compliant with the MREL or TLAC Requirements as to which “Events of Default” are 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms  
In accordance with Condition 9 of the English Law Notes or Condition 8 of the French Law Notes (Events 
of Default), the Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes as to which “Events of Default” are specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms do not contain any events of default. As a result, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any obligations under such Notes, Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the maturity of such 
Notes other than if any judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer 
or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason. Noteholders will not be able to accelerate the maturity 
of the Notes if a resolution or a moratorium occurs in respect of the Issuer’s debt. 
If the Final Terms in relation to Senior Preferred Notes provide that such Notes will contain events of 
default, a holder of any such Senior Preferred Note may only give notice that such Senior Preferred 
Note is immediately due and repayable in a limited number of events. Such events of default do not 
include, for example, a cross-default of the Issuer's other debt obligations. Upon a payment default, the 
sole remedy available to Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders for recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on such Notes will be the institution of judicial 
proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of 
the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it.  
Due to the absence of events of default, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely 
affected and investors who sell Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment. 
3.1.3 
Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations ranking junior to Senior Notes  
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, 
are unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to other creditors (including 
holders of Senior Notes and depositors) of the Issuer, as further described in Condition 3 of the English 
Law Conditions and Condition 2 of the French Law Conditions (Status of the Notes). Subordinated 
Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and 
Article L.613-30-3, I, 5° of the French Code monétaire et financier with the intention to be recognized 
as Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer on the Issue Date.  
Subordinated Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of the liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the 
Issuer. Subordinated Noteholders face an increased risk compared to holders of Senior Notes. There

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
is a substantial risk that investors in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should 
the Issuer become subject to any resolution procedure or insolvent.  
Any obligations under the Notes would only be satisfied if and to the extent any obligations with a higher 
priority ranking than the Notes have been satisfied in full. If such obligations with a higher priority ranking 
than the Notes have not been satisfied in full, the Noteholders could suffer the loss of their entire 
investment. For more details see also the risk factor entitled “Subordinated Notes may change rank 
automatically depending on their recognition as Own Funds of the Issuer, without Noteholder consent”. 
3.1.4 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute obligations ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable, any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and 
therefore will rank junior in priority of payment to the senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Preferred Notes), as further described in Condition 3 of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 2 of the French Law Conditions (Status of the Notes). 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, shall be subordinated to the 
payment in full of all present or future senior preferred holders of, or creditors in respect of, senior 
preferred obligations (within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (collectively, 
Senior Preferred Creditors). 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be 
terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Subject to such payment in full, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any subordinated obligations of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to subordinated obligations.  
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders face an increased risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes. There is a substantial risk that investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of 
their investment should the Issuer become subject to any resolution procedure or insolvent.  
3.1.5 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction 
of taxes is limited to payments of interest under the Notes 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of 
taxes imposed under the laws of France applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal due under the Notes. As such, the Issuer is not required to pay any additional amounts under 
Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 6 of the French Law Conditions (Taxation) to 
the extent any withholding or deduction applies to payments of principal under the Notes. Accordingly, 
if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Notes, 
Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes. 
3.1.6 
Subordinated Notes may change rank automatically depending on their recognition as Own 
Funds of the Issuer, without Noteholders’ consent 
Article 48(7) of BRRD, as amended by BRRD II provides that Member States shall ensure that all claims 
resulting from own funds instruments, as defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation (hereafter 
the Own Funds) (such as Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments 
of the Issuer) have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does 
not result from Own Funds.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
 
 
 
 
Member States of the EEA were required to implement into national law and apply these rules no later 
than 28 December 2020. Consequently, upon entry into force of the relevant provisions of Ordinance 
No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 implementing these rules into French law in Article L. 613-30-
3-I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the liabilities initially resulting from Own Funds that are 
fully disqualified will remain subordinated, but with a higher priority ranking than any liabilities resulting 
from Own Funds.  
Therefore, as long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will 
automatically rank as Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, and, if they are no longer recognized as Tier 
2 Capital Instruments, they will automatically rank as Disqualified Capital Notes, as provided in 
Condition 3 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 2 of the French Law Conditions (Status of the 
Notes), without any action from the Issuer and without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the Subordinated Notes or of any other Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all subordinated notes or deeply subordinated notes issued by the Issuer 
prior to the date of entry into force of Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 that are, or 
have been, fully or partially recognized as Own Funds of the Issuer, rank and as long as they are 
outstanding will rank as Tier 2 Capital Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer 
as the case may be, in accordance with their contractual terms. 
As a result, should they become Disqualified Capital Instruments, obligations with a higher priority 
ranking than the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes may, in the future, include obligations that would 
have ranked junior to (such as Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer), or pari passu with 
(such as Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer), the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to such payment in full, holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Coupons shall be paid in priority to any Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes such as Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer. 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Disqualified Capital Notes and Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer. See also - “Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer”. 
3.1.7 
The use of proceeds of the Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms may 
not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms of the Notes identified as positive impact notes in the Final Terms (the Positive Impact 
Notes) may provide that the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the 
issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, direct investments or loans), in part or in full, 
eligible activities (such activities the Eligible Activities), as defined in the sustainable and positive 
impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Framework) which is 
available on the website of Société Générale. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Framework inter alia aligns with (i) the Green Bond Principles, 
Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, and (ii) the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the United Nations 
Environment Programme - Finance Initiative. However, (i) such definition and guidelines may evolve 
from time to time and/or (ii) the Issuer may decide to depart from such definition and guidelines, in which 
cases such information will be specified in the Framework. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as “green”, “social” or “sustainable”. Further development of the EU taxonomy will take 
place via a new “Platform on Sustainable Finance”, which became operational in 2023 and is expected 
to contribute to the development of the definition of “green”, “social, “sustainable” or equivalently

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
labelled projects within the framework of the Taxonomy Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 dated 
18 June 2020 which was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament and its relevant 
delegated acts. In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in 
the green, sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that Eligible Activities will not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Similarly, any failure by the Issuer to obtain and publish any reports, assessments, second party 
opinions and certifications, and/or the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Activity may not match the 
minimum duration of any Positive Impact Notes and/or the withdrawal of any second party opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is complying with any matters addressed by a second party opinion 
or certification may have an adverse effect on the value of such Positive Impact Notes and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors that have portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose and that, as a result, would have to dispose of the Positive Impact Notes 
at their prevailing market value and Noteholders could lose part of their investment in such Positive 
Impact Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) any such failure or event will not (a) constitute an Event of Default or (b) 
give a right to the Noteholders to request the early redemption or acceleration of any Positive Impact 
Notes held by it or give rise to any other claim or right or (c) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
the Positive Impact Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or (d) have any impact on the regulatory 
classification of the Notes under the Relevant Rules and/or MREL or TLAC Requirements and (ii) 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Positive Impact Notes will not 
depend on the performance of the relevant project, and such Notes will not have any preferred right 
against such assets. 
3.1.8 
Notes identified as Positive Impact Notes in the Final Terms remain subject to the Bail-In Power 
and other regulatory requirements 
Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital Instruments or eligible liabilities under MREL or TLAC Requirements 
may also be Positive Impact Notes. Positive Impact Notes will be subject to the Bail-in Power and to 
write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Regulator 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent as any other Notes having the same ranking 
that are not Positive Impact Notes. 
Positive Impact Notes, like any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of MREL or TLAC 
Requirements and/or the Capital Requirements Regulation, as the case may be, and as such, proceeds 
from Positive Impact Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. Additionally, their 
labelling as Green Positive Impact Notes, Social Positive Impact Notes or Sustainability Positive Impact 
Notes (i) will not affect, as the case may be, the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL or TLAC Requirements, if such Notes are 
also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes and (ii) will not have 
any impact on their status as indicated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
3.1.9 
Risks related to Notes denominated in CNY  
Notes denominated in CNY (CNY Notes) may be issued under the Programme, as further described 
under Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY currency event) or 
Condition 4(i) of the French Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY currency event). CNY Notes 
contain particular risks for prospective investors, including the following: 
CNY is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of CNY into and outside 
the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) which may 
adversely affect the liquidity of CNY Notes

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
CNY is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the PRC Government) continues 
to regulate conversion between CNY and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
Subject to the prior receipt of all necessary governmental approvals, the Issuer may remit the net 
proceeds from the offering of CNY Notes into the PRC. Such approvals may not be granted and, if 
granted, will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
Remittance of CNY into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, such as capital 
contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a 
case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the 
remittance of CNY into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted 
from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
The ability of the Issuer, at its discretion, to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in CNY will 
be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from and registration with the relevant PRC government 
authorities. Such approvals and registration may not be obtained at all or, if obtained, they may be 
revoked or amended in the future. 
Although the People's Bank of China (PBoC) has implemented policies improving accessibility to CNY 
to settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over 
cross-border remittance of CNY in the future and the schemes for CNY cross-border utilisation might 
be discontinued or new regulations in the PRC might be promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of restricting or eliminating the remittance of CNY into or out of the PRC. Despite the CNY 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, the PRC 
Government may not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of CNY. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in CNY, this may affect the overall 
availability of CNY outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source CNY to finance its 
obligations under CNY Notes. 
There is only limited availability of CNY outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of CNY Notes 
and the Issuer's ability to source CNY outside the PRC to service such CNY Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border CNY fund flows, the availability 
of CNY outside the PRC is limited. 
Although it is expected that the offshore CNY market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. The new 
PRC regulations may not be promulgated or current regulations (including but not limited to the 
settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited 
clearing or CNY outside of the PRC) may be terminated or amended in the future which will have the 
effect of restricting availability of CNY outside the PRC. The limited availability of CNY outside the PRC 
may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source CNY in the 
offshore market to service its CNY Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such CNY on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. 
Investment in CNY Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
All payments of interest and principal will be made in CNY with respect to CNY Notes unless otherwise 
specified. The value of CNY against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected 
by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other 
factors. The PBoC has in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the CNY's daily 
mid-point against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes. This change, and others 
that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the CNY against foreign currencies. 
As a result, the value of these CNY payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of CNY depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of 
the investment made by a holder of the CNY Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in CNY Notes is subject to currency risks

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal 
on the CNY Notes as a result of CNY Inconvertibility, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY Illiquidity (each, 
as defined in Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY currency event) 
or Condition 4(i) of the French Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY currency event), as 
applicable), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five (5) or more than thirty (30) calendar 
days' irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment 
in the Relevant Currency (as defined in Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions (Provisions specific 
to CNY currency event) or Condition 4(i) of the French Law Conditions (Provisions specific to CNY 
currency event), as applicable) on the due date of any such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Should the Issuer resort to using any Relevant Currency to respect its payment obligations under the 
CNY Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency 
back into CNY, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time. 
Payments with respect to the CNY Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the CNY Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the CNY Notes will be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank 
account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with the prevailing rules and regulations for such 
transfer and in accordance with the conditions of the CNY Notes. The Issuer cannot be required to 
make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in 
the PRC). For persons holding CNY Notes through Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream 
payments will also be made subject to the procedures of Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream 
as applicable. If the custody and holding arrangements with respect to an investor’s CNY Notes do not 
comply with the foregoing, such investors may not receive timely payment under CNY Notes which 
would negatively affect such investors’ return. 
Gains on the transfer of the CNY Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules, as amended from time 
to time, any gain realised on the transfer of CNY Notes by non-PRC resident enterprise may be subject 
to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within 
the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced 
gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise holder from the transfer of CNY Notes but its 
implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of CNY Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within 
the PRC and become subject to the EIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and the relevant implementing rules. According 
to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, Holders who 
are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual holders, will not be subject to 
EIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if non-PRC enterprise or individual resident holders are required to pay PRC income tax on 
gains derived from the transfer of CNY Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty between PRC 
and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise resident holders of CNY Notes reside that 
reduces or exempts the relevant EIT, the value of their investment in CNY Notes may be materially and 
adversely affected. 
3.2 
Risks related to early redemption of the Notes 
3.2.1 
Risks relating to Notes subject to an optional redemption by the Issuer  
In certain circumstances or, if so specified in the Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in the circumstances described below (as further described in Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions): 
1) 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes, upon the occurrence of certain events and 
subject to certain conditions, including, but not limited to, a Tax Event, a Capital Event (with

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
respect to Subordinated Notes), and/or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event, as the case may 
be. 
2) 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes prior to their 
Maturity Date through the exercise of the Issuer Call Option, the Residual Maturity Redemption 
Option or the Clean-up Redemption Option, and with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Option, as the case may be. 
Any optional redemption by the Issuer applicable to the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem, or is perceived to be likely to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In case of the exercise of a Clean-up Redemption Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation for the 
Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the relevant Clean-Up Percentage (of 75 per cent. or any other 
percentage as specified in the relevant Final Terms) has been reached or is about to be reached, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Redemption Option, the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the 
Notes may be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value 
of the Notes or when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so 
at a lower rate. As a result of the foregoing, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
3.2.2 
There is a significant degree of regulatory uncertainty regarding the potential occurrence of a 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event will apply (i) in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, (iii) in respect of Subordinated 
Notes, as the case may be, as further described in Condition 6(d) of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 5(d) of the French Law Conditions (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event).  
Regulatory rules and/or interpretation thereof applying to TLAC and MREL may evolve in the future. As 
a consequence, all or part of the Notes may cease to comply with the minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or total loss absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the Group and thus be excluded fully or partially from the MREL or TLAC Requirements. 
The non-compliance with the MREL or TLAC Requirements could result in the occurrence of a MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event. The occurrence of such MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes and an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect 
and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
3.2.3 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in case of a Special Tax Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, are legal under French law. If any payment obligation under the Notes, 
including any obligation to pay additional amounts under Condition 7 of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 6 of the French Law Conditions (Taxation), are held illegal under French law, the Issuer will 
have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event 
as described in Condition 6(b)(i) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5(b)(i) of the French Law 
Conditions (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax Event).

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
 
 
 
Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount 
due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes will be adversely affected. 
3.2.4 
Redemption prior to Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes intended to be compliant with the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements and of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
Upon the occurrence of certain events described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions, including, but not limited to, a Withholding 
Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event, a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (if 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms), a Residual Maturity Redemption Option, a Clean-up 
Redemption Option or an Issuer Call Option of the Issuer (if specified as applicable in the Final Terms), 
the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority, redeem the Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as eligible liabilities of the Issuer or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
before their Maturity Date, at their Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, together with accrued interest. 
The early redemption of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
not occur if the Relevant Resolution Authority refuses to give its permission (it being specified that no 
refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes for any purpose), and in this event, 
the market value of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be 
negatively affected, and investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
3.2.5 
Redemption of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date is subject to the prior 
permission of the Regulator 
Upon the occurrence of certain events described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions, including, but not limited to, a Withholding 
Tax Event, a Special Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Capital Event, a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event (if so specified in the Final Terms), a Residual Maturity Redemption Option, a 
Clean-up Redemption Option or an Issuer Call Option (if so specified in the Final Terms), the Issuer 
may in any case, subject to the prior permission of the Regulator, redeem the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes before their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, together with accrued interest. 
The early redemption of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes may not occur if the Regulator refuses 
to give its prior permission (it being specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under 
the relevant Notes), and if so, the market value of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes may be affected 
negatively and investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes. 
 
3.3 
Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
3.3.1 
Changes in Interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Notes 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase after the issuance of the 
Notes, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Investors in Fixed Rate Notes (see Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that if interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value 
of the Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
 
 
 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) are exposed to the risk that they cannot 
anticipate the interest income on the Floating Rate Notes. Due to varying interest income, investors are 
not able to determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, and 
therefore their investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods and this will adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
3.3.2 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable rate of interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes and Resettable Notes may adversely affect holders of such Notes, 
without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained 
Pursuant to Condition 4 of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3 of the French Law Conditions 
(Interest) applicable to Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, if the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will 
include the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest or reset rate (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, 
as the case may be, determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as 
applicable); 
(ii) 
such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required); or 
(iii) 
if there is no such successor rate or alternative rate available or if the application of such 
applicable successor rate or alternative rate would have an impact on the regulatory treatment of 
the relevant Notes, the applicable rate will be equal to the last value of the original rate.  
No consent or approval of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or any other document) that are made in order to effect any 
successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable).  
The successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may 
be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of a 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable) and the involvement of a determination agent, the fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the successor or alternative rate (as 
applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. These could significantly affect 
the performance of a successor or alternative rate (as applicable) compared to the historical and 
expected performance of EURIBOR, the applicable benchmark or reset rate. 
There is uncertainty on whether any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Notes will adequately 
compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences 
and due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable 
to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the rate of interest or, as applicable, the reset rate and 
market value of the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the relevant reference rate or reset rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, 
and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the successor or alternative 
rate (as applicable). 
Moreover, any exercise of discretion by the Issuer could present a conflict of interest. In making the 
required determinations, decisions and elections, the Issuer may have economic interests that are 
adverse to the interest of the holders of the affected Notes, and those determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
Furthermore, in the event that no successor or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined and the 
affected Notes are effectively converted to fixed-rate Notes as described above, investors holding such 
Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders 
of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The market value of such Notes could therefore 
be adversely affected.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
3.3.3 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”  
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes may specify that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to an index which is deemed to be a “benchmark” 
(such as EURIBOR in respect of Floating Rate Notes or a Mid-Swap Rate in respect of Resettable 
Notes). Such “benchmarks” have been subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences 
could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of and return on any Notes linked 
to such a "benchmark". 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union on 29 June 2016 and most of the provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
have applied since 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply 
with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of “benchmarks” (or, if non-EU-based, to 
be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” provided by administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index 
deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, amongst other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing, or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021, which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or CMS rates, which may 
be referred as Reference Rates according to Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) and Conditions 3(b) of the French Law Conditions (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) or certain Mid-Swap Rates which may be applicable according to Condition 4(a) of the English 
Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes) and Condition 3(a) of the French 
Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes)) by conferring the power to 
designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks to the Commission or the relevant national 
authority in certain circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments 
(such as certain Notes) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where 
certain trigger events relating to non-representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark 
are met. In general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement where all parties, or the required 
majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed to apply a different replacement for 
a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing act. A statutory replacement 
benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes linked 
to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations 
and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023 (and the Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these 
legislative developments.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
 
 
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”. Any of these changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives, could have a material adverse effect on the 
liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Whilst alternatives to certain IBORs for use in the bond market (including the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) for Sterling LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) for USD LIBOR, 
the Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) for Euro LIBOR and EONIA, the Swiss Average rate Overnight 
(SARON) for CHF LIBOR, the Singapore Overnight Rate Average (SORA) for SOR and the Tokyo 
Overnight Average (TONA) for JPY LIBOR and rates that may be derived from SONIA, €STR, SARON 
or TONA, as applicable) are being developed, or are expected to be developed, Notes linked to or 
referencing an IBOR will only transition away from such IBOR in accordance with their particular fallback 
arrangements in their terms and conditions. The operation of any such fallback arrangements could 
result in a less favourable return for Noteholders than they might receive under other similar securities 
which contain different or no fallback arrangements (including which they may otherwise receive in the 
event that legislative measures or other initiatives (if any) are introduced to transition from any given 
IBOR to an alternative rate). 
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes. Investors should note that the Independent Adviser will 
adjust the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and such adjustment 
may not be favourable to the Noteholders.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms, when making any investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes. 
3.3.4 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
reference rates for Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (€STR), 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON), the Singapore Overnight Rate Average (SORA), the Tokyo 
Overnight Average (TONA) and rates that may be derived from SONIA, €STR,SOFR, SARON, SORA 
or TONA, as applicable, as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, U.S. dollar, sterling, Swiss 
franc, Singaporean dollar or Japanese yen bonds, as applicable, as well as their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt 
an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions 
and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, SORA, TONA or certain other swap rates relating to such risk-free rates in a way that differs 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the 
Issuer.  
The recent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, SORA, TONA or certain other 
swap rates relating to such risk free rates, as interest reference rates for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of SOFR-, €STR-, SONIA-, SARON-, SORA- or TONA-based rates for such

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market value of the Notes. The market, or a significant 
part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, SORA, TONA or certain other 
swap rates relating to such risk-free rates, that differs significantly from the methodology set out in the 
Conditions. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined 
shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements may put in place by investors in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes. 
3.3.5 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate is subject to important limitations  
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described under 
Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of the French Law Conditions (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes)). As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with 
interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of compounding SOFR during the 
relevant interest period. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable 
on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Notes. 
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR information 
going back to 2014, such publication of historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator 
of future changes in SOFR.  
Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the 
Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR 
does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be 
lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes 
may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes that use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and 
disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York may alter the methods of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. In 
addition, SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received from 
other sources. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Notes. If the manner in which 
SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. 
3.3.6 
Risk relating to the change in the Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
A holder of securities with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term of the 
relevant securities, such as Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable 
Notes (as further described in Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of the 
French Law Conditions (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)), is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income and this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
 
 
 
 
Such Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant Specified 
Currency or U.S. Treasury Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the Final Terms. Such rate of interest may be 
less than the initial rate of interest and/or less than the rate of interest that applies immediately prior to 
such reset date and may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the 
Notes. 
Moreover, any exercise of discretion by the Issuer could present a conflict of interest. In making the 
required determinations, decisions and elections, the Issuer may have economic interests that are 
adverse to the interest of the holders of the affected Notes, and those determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. 
3.3.7 
Risk relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (as further described in Condition 4(c) of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 3(c) of the French Law Conditions (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)) may bear interest at a rate 
that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to 
another fixed rate or from a floating rate to another floating rate. The spread on the fixed/floating rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to 
the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. The conversion of the interest rate may affect 
the market yield of the Notes. The movements of the market spread can negatively affect the price of 
the Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
3.3.8 
Risk relating to Notes whose only Interest Payment Date falls on the Maturity Date 
The final yield of Notes whose only Interest Payment Date falls on the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
Final Terms (see Condition 4(a) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(a) of the French Law 
Conditions (Interest)), may be lower than that of comparable securities for which each coupon has been 
paid on periodic interest payment dates and reinvested under market interest rates. Therefore, investors 
in such Notes are more exposed to reinvestment risk, and the value of and return on such Notes may 
be negatively affected. 
3.3.9 
Risk relating to Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, as further 
described under Condition 4(d) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(d) of the French Law 
Conditions (Zero Coupon Notes). The market values of such Notes tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the value of the Notes. 
3.3.10 Risk relating to Floating Rate Notes with a multiplier 
Notes with floating interest rates (see Condition 4(b) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 3(b) of 
the French Law Conditions (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) can be volatile investments. If they are 
structured to include multipliers, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. Any such volatility may negatively impact the price of the Notes and cause 
Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
3.4 
Risks related to English law Notes  
3.4.1 
Risks related to Substitution and Variation of English Law Notes, without Noteholder consent

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may, at its option, in respect of English Law Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 
6(k) of the English Law Conditions (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes)), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either to substitute all (but not 
some only) or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of a Series of English Law Notes, so that they 
become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be.  
Any Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may be materially 
less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the English Law Notes, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder. As a consequence, the market value of such Notes may decrease 
significantly, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.  
3.4.2 
Risks related to English law Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive 
Bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of English Law Notes in bearer form (as further described under the English Law 
Conditions and in section “Form of the Notes”) which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Bearer Note in respect of such 
holding (should Definitive Bearer Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Bearer Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Bearer Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. In such circumstances, the value of such Notes may be negatively affected and 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 49 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
1. 
CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 1(4) OF THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION (RETAIL CASCADES) 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency on the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche) may be offered in one or more Member States of the EEA in circumstances where there is 
no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus (a Non-exempt Offer) under Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-
exempt Offers, provided the following provisions are complied with and, as applicable, the following 
conditions are satisfied. 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each member state of the 
EEA for which it has given its consent (each a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction), for the content of this 
Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, and of the Final Terms (together the 
Prospectus) in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of Notes is made by any 
financial intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to the use of the Prospectus (an 
Authorised Offeror) where the offer is made (i) during the period for which that consent is given (the 
Offer Period), (ii) in a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction for which that consent is given and (iii) is in 
compliance with any other conditions, as detailed in paragraphs 2 and 3 below and supplemented in 
the Final Terms.  
However, none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers has responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to 
such offer. 
In the case of a Non-exempt Offer, none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers authorises the use of the 
Prospectus in a Member State of the EEA other than a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, nor by a financial 
intermediary other than an Authorised Offeror. Such unauthorised Non-exempt Offers are not made by 
or on behalf of the Issuer and the Issuer accepts no responsibility for the actions of any person making 
such offers and the related consequences. 
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer in 
circumstances that require the Issuer to publish a prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
for such offer. 
2. 
TYPE OF CONSENT 
Subject to the conditions set out below under paragraph “Common conditions to the consent” and if so 
specified in the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of the 
Prospectus by Authorised Offerors in relation to a Non-exempt Offer in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) and during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 
twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
The consent given by the Issuer may be either an individual consent (an Individual Consent) or a 
general consent (a General Consent), each as further described below and as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
A. 
INDIVIDUAL CONSENT 
If the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes indicate "Individual Consent" in the paragraph 
headed “Type of Consent” of such Final Terms, the Issuer shall be deemed to consent to the use of the 
Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer;

--- Page 50 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary whose name and address are specified in the Final Terms (each an 
Initial Authorised Offeror); and 
(iii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the Final Terms whose name, address and 
any additional information related to such financial intermediary who is unknown at the time of 
the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final Terms are published on the website 
of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com) and such financial intermediary is identified as an 
Authorised Offeror with respect to the relevant Non-exempt Offer (each an Additional 
Authorised Offeror). 
B. 
GENERAL CONSENT 
If the Final Terms relating to any Tranche of Notes indicate “General Consent” in the paragraph headed 
“Type of Consent” of such Final Terms, the Issuer shall be deemed to offer to grant its consent to the 
use of the Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer to any financial intermediary (a General 
Authorised Offeror) which: 
(i) 
holds all necessary licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body) applicable to the Non-exempt 
Offer to be authorised to make such offer under the applicable laws of the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 (“MiFID II”); and 
(ii) 
accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] (the 
Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by Société 
Générale (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the 
Prospectus (as defined in the Base Prospectus, supplemented by the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Notes in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the 
conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Prospectus, and we are using the Prospectus 
accordingly." 
References in this Base Prospectus to Authorised Offeror Terms shall mean that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(a) 
will, and agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and each of 
the relevant Dealers that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(i) 
act in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including from 
any regulatory body) applicable to the Non-exempt Offer in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction, in particular the law implementing MiFID II (together the Rules) and make 
sure that (i) any investment advice relating to the Notes by any person is appropriate, (ii) 
the information to prospective investors including the information relating to any expenses 
(and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by the relevant General 
Authorised Offeror under the offer of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed; 
(ii) 
comply with the restrictions set out under the section headed "Subscription and Sale" of 
this Base Prospectus related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted as a Dealer 
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction; 
(iii) 
comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your 
customer" rules, retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and if so requested, make such records available to the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers or directly to the competent authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealers to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your customer" rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealers;

--- Page 51 ---
Important information relating to Non-Exempt Offers of Notes 
 
39 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or any of the relevant Dealers 
to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or 
consent in any jurisdiction; 
(v) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under paragraph "Common conditions 
to the consent" together with any other condition specified under the clause "Other 
conditions to consent" in the Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
indemnify the Issuer and each of the relevant Dealers and each of their respective 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents or controlling persons, against any 
damage, loss, liability, expense, claim, request or expenses (including, but not limited to, 
reasonable fees from law firms) arising out of, or incurred in connection with, the breach 
by the relevant General Authorised Offer of any of the above obligations; and 
(b) 
agrees and acknowledges that its commitment to respect the above obligations shall be governed 
by French law and that any related dispute shall be brought before the competent courts in Paris. 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Prospectus for a Non-Exempt Offer in 
accordance with this General Consent is required, during the time of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website that it uses the Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance 
with this General Consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
3. 
COMMON CONDITIONS TO THE CONSENT 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Prospectus (in addition, where applicable, to the conditions 
specified under paragraph (B) "General consent" above): 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
only extends to the use of the Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in the Pubic Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
is subject to any other conditions set out in the Final Terms.  
4. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer from an Authorised 
Offeror will do so and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by such Authorised Offeror will be 
made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocation and settlement arrangements (the Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with 
Investors (other than the relevant Dealer(s)) in connection with the offer or sale of the relevant Notes 
and, accordingly, the Prospectus will not contain such information. 
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided 
to the Investors by the Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made.

--- Page 52 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents that 
have been previously published and filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF) as 
competent authority in France for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation:  
 
(a) 
the French version of the troisième amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 
of Société Générale submitted to the AMF on 3 November 2023 under no. D.23-0089-A03, except 
for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for 
the universal registration document made by Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Chief Executive Officer of 
Société Générale, on page 44 and (iii) the cross-reference table, on pages 46 to 49 ((i), (ii) and 
(iii) together hereinafter, the 2023 Third Amendment Excluded Sections), and the French 
language of the troisième amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of Société 
Générale without the 2023 Third Amendment Excluded Sections, hereinafter the Third 
Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document available on: 
 https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-11/Societe-Generale-
URD-3eme-amendement-03-11-2023.pdf 
(b) 
the French version of the second amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of 
Société Générale submitted to the AMF on 4 August 2023 under no. D.23-0089-A02, except for 
(i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the 
universal registration document made by Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Chief Executive Officer of Société 
Générale, on page 231 and (iii) the cross-reference tables, on pages 233 to 236 ((i), (ii) and (iii) 
together hereinafter, the 2023 Second Amendment Excluded Sections), and the French 
language of the second amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of Société 
Générale without the 2023 Second Amendment Excluded Sections, hereinafter the Second 
Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-08/Societe-Generale-DEU-
2eme-amendement-04-08-2023.pdf 
(c) 
the French version of the premier amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of 
Société Générale submitted to the AMF on 12 May 2023 under no. D.23-0089-A01, except for (i) 
the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the 
universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Société 
Générale, on page 93 and (iii) the cross-reference table, on pages 95 to 97 ((i), (ii) and (iii) 
together hereinafter, the 2023 First Amendment Excluded Sections), and the French language 
of the premier amendement au Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of Société Générale 
without the 2023 First Amendment Excluded Sections, hereinafter the First Amendment to 
the 2023 Universal Registration Document available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-05/Societe-Generale-DEU-
1er-amendement-12-05-2023.pdf 
(d) 
the French version of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of Société Générale 
submitted to the AMF on 13 March 2023 under no. D.23-0089, except for (i) the cover page 
containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal 
registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Société Générale, 
on page 674 and (iii) the cross-reference tables, on pages 676 to 683 ((i), (ii) and (iii) together 
hereinafter, the 2023 Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, and the French 
language of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2023 of Société Générale without the 2023 
Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, hereinafter the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document available on:

--- Page 53 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
41 
 
 
 
 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-03/Document-d-
Enregistrement-Universel-2023_FR.pdf 
(e) 
the French version of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2022 of Société Générale 
submitted to the AMF on 9 March 2022 under no. D.22-0080, except for (i) the cover page 
containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal 
registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Société Générale, 
on page 646 and (iii) the cross-reference tables, on pages 648 to 655 ((i), (ii) and (iii) together 
hereinafter, the 2022 Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, and the French 
language of the Document d’enregistrement universel 2022 of Société Générale without the 2022 
Universal Registration Document Excluded Sections, hereinafter the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document available on: 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2022-03/Document-d-
Enregistrement-Universel-2022.pdf 
For the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes to be assimilated 
and form a single Series with English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes, as the case may be, already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below): 
(f) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 120 to 150 and pages 151 to 180 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 November 2012 (which received visa no.12-561 from the AMF 
on 19 November 2012) and on page 4 of the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 to the base 
prospectus dated 19 November 2012 (which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 
31 July 2013) (respectively the 2012 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2012 
Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20-
%20Paris%20Registered%20Programme%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2019%20November%202012 
(g) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 73 to 109 and pages 110 to 139 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 March 2014 (which received visa no.14-108 from the AMF on 
27 March 2014) (respectively the 2014 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2014 
Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20-
%20Paris%20Registered%20Program%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20Dated%2027%20March%202014 
(h) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 73 to 115 and pages 116 to 147 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 March 2015 (which received visa no.15-096 from the AMF on 
17 March 2015), on page 5 of the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 (which received visa no. 
15-112 from the AMF on 26 March 2015) and on pages 13 to 16 of the 2nd supplement dated 
19 May 2015 (which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF on 19 May 2015) (respectively the 
2015 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2015 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registred%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_%20dated%2017%20March%202015 
(i) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 79 to 122 and pages 123 to 220 of the base

--- Page 54 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
42 
 
 
 
 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 March 2016 (which received visa no.16-076 from the AMF on 
14 March 2016) (respectively the March 2016 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
March 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_dated%2014%20March%202016 
(j) 
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes" respectively set out on pages 94 to 141 and pages 142 to 180 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 December 2016 (which received visa no.16-578 from the AMF 
on 12 December 2016) (respectively the December 2016 Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and the December 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Program_Base
%20Prospectus_dated%2012%20December%202016 
(k) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 95 to 142 and pages 143 to 183 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 9 January 2017 (which received visa no. 17-008 from the AMF on 
9 January 2017) (respectively the January 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
January 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered%20Programme_B
ase%20Prospectus_dated%209%20January%202017 
(l) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 102 to 152 and pages 153 to 200 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 December 2017 (which received visa no. 17-646 from the AMF 
on 20 December 2017) (respectively the December 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and the December 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN%20Paris%20Registred%20Programme
%20Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2020%20December%202017 
(m) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 123 to 182 and pages 183 to 239 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 21 December 2018 (which received visa no. 18-579 from the AMF 
on 21 December 2018) and on pages 10 to 11 of the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 (which 
received visa no.19-191 from the AMF on 10 May 2019) (respectively the 2018 Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and the 2018 Conditions of the French Law Notes);  
http://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/EMTN_Paris%20Registered_Base%20Prospect
us_dated%2021%20December%202018 
(n) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 50 to 113 and pages 114 to 173 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 January 2020 (which received approval no. 20-014 from the 
AMF on 17 January 2020) (respectively the January 2020 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
and 
the 
January 
2020 
Conditions 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Notes); 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG_EMTN%20Paris%20Registered_Base%20
Prospectus_dated%2017%20January%202020 
(o) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 52 to 119 and pages 120 to 184 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 10 December 2020 (which received approval no. 20-596 from the 
AMF on 10 December 2020), on pages 23 to 38 of the 1st supplement dated 11 February 2021 
(which received approval no. 21-029 from the AMF on 11 February 2021) and on pages 9 to 12

--- Page 55 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
43 
 
 
 
 
of the 2nd supplement dated 22 March 2021 (which received approval no. 21-075 from the AMF 
on 22 March 2021) (respectively the December 2020 Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and 
the 
December 
2020 
Conditions 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Notes); 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20EMTN%20Paris%20Registered%20Ba
se%20Prospectus%20dated%2010%20December%202020 
(p) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 56 to 132 and pages 133 to 206 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 December 2021 (which received approval no. 21-527 from the 
AMF on 14 December 2021) (respectively the 2021 Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
the 
2021 
Conditions 
of 
the 
French 
Law 
Notes); 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/SG%20EMTN%20Paris%20Registered_Base
%20Prospectus_dated%2014%20December%202021  
and; 
(q) 
the sections “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes” respectively set out on pages 56 to 133 and pages 134 to 210 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 December 2022 (which received approval no. 22-493 from the 
AMF on 19 December 2022) and on pages 9 to 10 of the 3rd supplement dated 25 May 2023 
(which received approval no. 23-187 from the AMF on 25 May 2023) (respectively the 2022 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2022 Conditions of the French Law Notes); 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/program_search/Societe%20Generale%20EMTN_Base%20Pro
spectus_dated%2019%20December%202022 
and together with the 2021 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2021 Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, the December 2020 Conditions of the English Law Notes and December 2020 Conditions 
of the French law Notes, the January 2020 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the January 2020 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2018 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2018 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, the December 2017 Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
December 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the January 2017 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and the January 2017 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the December 2016 Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and the December 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the March 2016 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the March 2016 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2015 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2015 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2014 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2014 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 2012 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 2012 Conditions of the French Law Notes, the EMTN 
Previous Conditions) (and, together with the documents referred to above, the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference);  
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the 
cross-reference list set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The documents listed in paragraphs (f) to (q) above are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and are considered as additional information which 
are not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The sections referred to in the cross-reference list below are incorporated by reference in, and shall be 
deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a section which is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any 
section which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement

--- Page 56 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
To the extent that any of the Documents Incorporated by Reference itself incorporates documents by 
reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. The non-
incorporated parts of the Documents Incorporated by Reference are either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Documents Incorporated by Reference including their English language translation (which 
English translations are not incorporated by reference herein), are available for inspection and can be 
obtained, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday from the head 
office of the Issuer and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  
The above-mentioned documents are also available, in French language, on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and, in both French and English languages, on the website of the Issuer 
(https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/publications-documents). For ease of reference, the page 
numbering of the free English language translations of those documents is identical to the French 
versions. 
Copies of the EMTN Previous Conditions are available for inspection and can be obtained, upon request 
and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday from the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The EMTN Previous Conditions are also available on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com/). 
Some of the Documents Incorporated by Reference contain references to the credit ratings of the 
Société Générale group issued by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch), Moody's France S.A.S. 
(Moody's) and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- (Fitch), A1 
(Moody’s) and A (S&P), and each of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
16 September 2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 11 May 2011 and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
at the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) (www.esma.europa.eu).  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice.

--- Page 57 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
45 
 
 
 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation 
Third 
Amendment to 
the 2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
Second 
Amendment to 
the 2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
First 
Amendment to 
the 2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
36-37 
57-64 
 
163-174 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and 
development of the 
Issuer 
 
 
 
7 
 
4.1.1 
Legal and commercial 
name of the Issuer 
 
1 
1 
643 
 
4.1.2 
Place of registration, 
registration number and 
legal entity identifier 
(LEI) of the Issuer 
 
 
1 
643 
 
4.1.3 
Date of incorporation 
and the length of life of 
the Issuer 
 
 
 
643 
 
4.1.4 
Domicile and legal form 
of the Issuer, applicable 
legislation, country of 
incorporation, address 
and telephone number 
of its registered office 
and website 
 
 
 
643 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events 
particular to the Issuer 
and which are to a 
material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the 
issuer’s solvency. 
3-5; 38-41 
3-5; 65-72 
 
16-17; 195-205 
 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned 
to the Issuer at the 
request or with the 
cooperation of the 
Issuer in the rating 
process. A brief 
explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been 
published by the rating 
provider. 
 
 
 
63 
 
4.1.7 
Information on the 
material changes in the 
issuer’s borrowing and 
funding structure since 
the last financial year; 
35 
 
 
62-63 
 
4.1.8 
Description of the 
expected financing of 
the issuer’s activities 
35 
 
 
61-63; 65 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
6-35 
6-47 
6-29 
5-26; 54-58

--- Page 58 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
46 
 
 
 
 
5.2 
Basis for any statements 
made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive 
position 
6-35 
8-30 
6-29 
30-40 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
 
 
6.1 
Brief description of the 
Group 
 
 
 
8-10; 28-29 
 
7 
TREND INFORMATION 
3-5; 35 
3-5; 45 
3-5; 31 
16-17; 65-66 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT AND 
SUPERVISORY 
BODIES AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
9.1 
Board of Directors and 
general management 
 
48-56 
34-36 
70-111 
 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management and 
supervisory bodies and 
General Management 
conflicts of interests 
 
51 
 
158 
 
10 
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
 
 
10.1 
Control of the Issuer 
 
199 
 
639-640; 642 
 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES OF THE 
ISSUER 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial 
information 
 
40-43; 66-68; 
73-196 
 
27-68; 149-153; 
181-187; 195-
257; 373-556 ; 
564-627 
27-60; 133-135; 
167-172; 180-
252; 349-537; 
544-608 
11.1.6 
Financial statements 
 
 
 
149-153; 181-
187; 195-196; 
206-209; 211; 
222; 226-230; 
235-239; 241; 
247-253; 373-
556 
133-135; 167-
172; 180-181; 
191-194; 196; 
206-210; 213-
217; 222-226; 
228-229; 242-
247; 349-537 
 
(a) Consolidated 
Balance sheet 
 
 
 
374-375 
350-351 
 
(b) Consolidated income 
statement 
 
 
 
376 
352 
 
(c) Consolidated cash 
flow statement 
 
 
 
379 
355 
 
(d) accounting policies 
and explanatory notes 
on the consolidated 
financial statements 
 
 
45-55 
149-153; 181-
187; 195-196; 
206-209; 211; 
222; 226-230; 
235-239; 241; 
133-135; 167-
172; 180-181, 
191-194, 
196,206-210, 
213-217, 222-

--- Page 59 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
47 
 
 
 
 
247-253; 380-
556 
226,228-229, 
242-247; 356-
537 
11.1.7 
Age of latest financial 
information 
 
 
 
374-556 
 
11.2 
Interim financial 
information 
 
77 -196 
 
 
 
 
(a) Consolidated 
Balance sheet 
 
78 -79 
 
 
 
 
(b) Consolidated income 
statement 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
(c) accounting policies 
and explanatory notes 
 
85 -196 
 
 
 
11.3 
Auditing of the historical 
annual financial 
information (Auditor’s 
report) 
 
197-198 
 
557-563; 628-
634 
538-543; 609-
615 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
42-43 
187-192 
41-44 
270; 552-556; 
624-627 
 
11.5 
Significant changes in 
the Issuer's financial 
position 
 
45 
 
65 
 
13 
MATERIAL 
CONTRACTS 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
For the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes to be assimilated 
and form a single Series with English Law Notes and/or French Law Notes, as the case may be, already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions: 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
Pages 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
Pages 
2022 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
56-133 
2022 Conditions of the French 
Law Notes 
134-210 
2021 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
56-132 
2021 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
133-206 
December 2020 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
1st supplement dated 
11 February 2021 
2nd supplement dated 
22 March 2021 
52-119 
 
23-31 
 
9-10 
December 2020 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
1st supplement dated 
11 February 2021 
2nd 
supplement 
dated 
22 March 2021 
120-184 
 
31-38 
 
10-11 
January 2020 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
50-113  
January 2020 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
114-173 
2018 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 
123-182 
 
2018 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
183-239

--- Page 60 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
10-11 
3rd supplement dated 10 May 
2019 
10-11 
December 2017 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
102-152 
December 2017 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
153-200 
January 2017 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
95-142 
January 2017 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
143-183 
December 2016 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
94-141 
December 2016 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
142-180 
March 2016 Conditions of the 
English Law Notes 
79-122 
March 2016 Conditions of the 
French Law Notes 
123-220 
2015 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
1st supplement dated 26 March 
2015 
2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
73-115 
 
5 
 
13-16 
2015 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
1st supplement dated 26 March 
2015 
2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 
116-147 
 
5 
 
13-16 
2014 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
73-109 
 
2014 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
110-139 
2012 Conditions of the English Law 
Notes 
6th supplement dated 31 July 2013  
120-150 
 
4 
2012 Conditions of the French Law 
Notes 
6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 
151-180 
 
4

--- Page 61 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer 
will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base 
prospectus which shall constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or a replacement base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offer of Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to this Base Prospectus or replacement base 
prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two (2) working days (or such other 
applicable delay that may be granted to investors pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, as amended 
from time to time) after the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that 
the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the 
Notes, whichever occurs first. The period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 
19 December 2024, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.

--- Page 62 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
50 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
1. Definitions 
The following terms shall have the following meanings when used in this section Form of the Notes: 
- 
Bearer Notes means English Law Notes in bearer form. 
- 
Bearer SIS Notes means English Law Notes in the form of CHF SIS Notes and Other SIS 
Notes which are, or are intended to be, in bearer form and deposited with and cleared through 
SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange. 
- 
CHF SIS Notes means Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs that fulfil the criteria 
from time to time required in order to benefit from a limited exception to the non-US beneficial 
ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. 
- 
Dematerialised Notes means French Law Notes in dematerialised form, the title of which will 
be evidenced in accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French 
Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
- 
English Law Notes means Notes subject to the English Law Conditions (including Bearer 
Notes, Registered Notes and SIS Notes) and governed by English Law (except for 
(i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), which shall be governed by French law and (ii) in the case 
of Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall be governed by Swiss law and 
particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognized 
for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange). 
- 
French Law Notes means Notes subject to the French Law Conditions (including 
Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes) and governed by French law. 
- 
Materialised Notes means French Law Notes in materialised form which must be issued 
outside the French territory in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
- 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes means Registered Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes 
sold exclusively outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and permanently 
restricted from sale, transfer or delivery in the United States or to a U.S. Person. 
- 
Permanently Restricted Notes means Non-U.S. Registered Notes and/or any other English 
Law Notes and/or dematerialised French Law Notes which are designated in the Final Terms 
to be Permanently Restricted Notes. 
- 
Other SIS Notes means (i) Bearer SIS Notes denominated in a currency approved by SIS other 
than Swiss Francs, or (ii) Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs that are not CHF SIS 
Notes. 
- 
Registered Notes means English Law Notes in certificated registered form. 
- 
SIS means the Swiss securities services corporation, SIX SIS Ltd. 
- 
SIS Notes means English Law Notes in the form of Bearer SIS Notes and Uncertificated SIS 
Notes. 
- 
SIX Swiss Exchange means SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
- 
Uncertificated SIS Notes means SIS Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form which are, or are intended to be, registered with and cleared through SIS or any other 
clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange.

--- Page 63 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
51 
 
 
 
 
2. English Law Notes  
Each Tranche of English Law Notes will be either Bearer Notes (with or without interest coupons 
attached), Registered Notes (without interest coupons attached) or Uncertificated SIS Notes, in each 
case issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S. 
2.1 Bearer Notes (other than SIS Notes) 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will on issue be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note or, if 
so specified in the Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Notes represented by Bearer Global Notes will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream as the case may be. 
The Bearer Notes of each Tranche may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the 
benefit or account of, a U.S. Person, and such Bearer Notes will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. Any future transfer, resale, pledge or delivery of such Bearer Notes or any 
interest therein may only be made in compliance with the resale provisions set forth in Regulation S. 
Additional restrictions apply if the Notes are Permanently Restricted Notes. 
In the event that a Bearer Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or that the Maturity Date 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the Conditions, then the Bearer Global Note will become void. At the same time, 
accountholders with Euroclear and/or Clearstream having such Notes (other than Definitive Bearer 
Notes, as defined under the English Law Conditions) credited to their accounts will become entitled to 
the rights contained in, including to proceed directly against the Issuer, on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and under the terms of, a deed of covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant, which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time) dated 19 December 2023 and executed by the Issuer. 
2.2 Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Note or a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note (each a Registered Global Note). Beneficial interests in, 
or in any Registered Notes represented by, a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and prior to the expiry of the Distribution Compliance 
Period (as defined in the English Law Agency Agreement) may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
Non-U.S. Registered Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, 
pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or 
delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
Person will not be recognised. Non-U.S. Registered Global Notes, or any Registered Notes represented 
thereby, may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly Non-
U.S. Registered Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. 
Persons in reliance on Regulation S, interests therein may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear 
or Clearstream and such Non-U.S. Registered Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. Registered Global Notes (being Regulation S Global Notes or Non-U.S. Registered Global

--- Page 64 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
Notes) will be registered in the name of a nominee for, deposited with, a Common Depositary or 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, as specified in the Final 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as 
the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive 
Registered Notes (as defined under the English Law Conditions). 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined 
in Condition 5(d) of the English Law Conditions) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the Issuer or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of Definitive Registered Notes will, in the 
absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d) of the English Law Conditions) immediately preceding the 
due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
2.3 SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of SIS Notes will be issued either as (i) Bearer SIS Notes or as (ii) Uncertificated SIS 
Notes, which in each case, are, or are intended to be, deposited or registered with and cleared through 
SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(SIS or any other such intermediary, the Intermediary). The Final Terms will indicate whether SIS Notes 
are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS Notes or Uncertificated SIS Notes. 
SIS Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, a U.S. 
Person, and such SIS Notes will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. Any future transfer, 
resale, pledge or delivery of such SIS Notes or any interest therein may only be made in compliance with 
the resale provisions set forth in Regulation S. 
SIS Notes designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may 
not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, 
resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. Permanently Restricted Notes 
may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
2.3.1 Bearer SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer SIS Notes will be represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global 
SIS Note) which will be deposited with the Intermediary on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche. 
Once the Permanent Global SIS Note has been deposited with the Intermediary and the Bearer SIS 
Notes represented thereby have been entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
(Intermediated Securities) within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the extent of its claim against the 
Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Permanent Global SIS Note remains deposited with the 
Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and such Bearer SIS Notes may only be 
transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) of 
the transferee.

--- Page 65 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Bearer SIS Notes held through each 
participant of the Intermediary. The holders of Bearer SIS Notes constituting Intermediated Securities 
will be the persons holding such Bearer SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their 
name or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries holding such Bearer SIS 
Notes for their own account in a securities account that is in their name (and the terms Noteholder and 
holder of Notes and, where applicable Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly). 
CHF SIS Notes are Bearer SIS Notes benefiting from a limited exception to the non-US beneficial 
ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. Other SIS Notes may be subject to additional 
selling restrictions and additional U.S. tax disclosure as set out in the Final Terms. 
Special procedures must be followed for CHF SIS Notes in order for such Notes to be exempt from the 
non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules. Each of the relevant 
Dealers must have represented and agreed in the Programme Agreements that (a) it will comply with 
U.S. selling restrictions in so far as they apply to CHF SIS Notes and (b) the offering and sale of the CHF 
SIS Notes has been and will be conducted in accordance with Swiss laws and regulations. The following 
criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the non-US beneficial ownership certification 
requirement of the TEFRA D Rules to apply: 
(i) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs; 
(ii) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland; 
(iii) 
the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and 
documentation; 
(iv) 
the relevant Dealers agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within Switzerland; 
(v) 
the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located 
outside Switzerland; 
(vi) 
the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss 
governmental, banking or securities authorities from time to time; and 
(vii) 
more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are 
part are offered and sold to non-Dealers by Dealers maintaining an office located in Switzerland. 
Bearer SIS Notes and any related Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such Notes and Coupons will be governed by English law.  
2.3.2 Uncertificated SIS Notes 
Each Tranche of Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the 
Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main 
register of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes have been entered into the accounts of one 
or more participants of the Intermediary, the Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute Intermediated 
Securities. 
So long as the Uncertificated SIS Notes constitute Intermediated Securities, they may only be transferred 
by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated SIS Notes in a securities account of the transferee in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of the Intermediary. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Notes held through each 
participant in the Intermediary. In respect of Uncertificated SIS Notes held in the form of Intermediated 
Securities, the holders of such Uncertificated SIS Notes will be the persons holding such Uncertificated 
SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries holding such Uncertificated SIS Notes for their own account in 
a securities account that is in their name (and the terms Noteholder and holder of Notes and where 
applicable, Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).

--- Page 66 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
No holder of Uncertificated SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange 
of such Uncertificated SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, a Permanent Global SIS Note or Definitive Bearer 
SIS Notes. 
Uncertificated SIS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes will be governed by English law, except in respect of their form, title and transfer, as set out in 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall be governed by Swiss law 
and particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognized for 
such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange. 
3. French Law Notes 
French Law Notes will be either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes, which are designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, or 
any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be 
recognised. Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any 
U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to persons that are 
not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and Materialised 
Notes, or, in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
3.1 Dematerialised Notes 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in (i) bearer form (au porteur), in which case 
they will be inscribed as of the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Dematerialised Notes in the books of 
Euroclear France (Euroclear France), acting as central depositary, which shall credit the accounts of 
the Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined in Condition 1 of the French Law Conditions (Form, 
Denomination(s) and Title)) including Euroclear, the depositary bank for Clearstream and, in the case of 
French Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the depositary banks for SIS or (ii) registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1 of 
the French Law Conditions (Form, Denomination(s) and Title)), in either (x) fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France 
maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (designated in the Final Terms) acting on behalf of 
the Issuer, or (y) administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be 
inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholders. 
One (1) Paris Business Day before the Issue Date of each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre 
Comptable relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
3.2 Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global 
Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes. Such 
Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, 
where applicable, Coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th

--- Page 67 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement) upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described below. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and 
are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons are not applicable. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with the Common Depositary, Euroclear 
or Clearstream (or, if a subscriber holds an account with a clearing system other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream which holds an account directly or indirectly in Euroclear or Clearstream, such other 
clearing system) will credit the account of each holder of the Notes related to such Temporary Global 
Certificate with a nominal amount of such Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Materialised Notes of each Tranche may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to, or for the benefit or account of, a U.S. Person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations, and such Materialised Notes and any related Coupons will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.  
4. Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
4.1 Bearer Notes 
Whilst any Bearer Note (other than Bearer SIS Notes) is represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior 
to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note 
are not U.S. Persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. Person (hereinafter 
Certification), as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, (i) has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on 
the Certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent or, (ii) in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Temporary Global Certificate held otherwise than on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, from the 
holder thereof. 
On and after the Exchange Date, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for, as applicable, (i) interests in a Permanent Global 
Note, subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Note or (ii) Definitive Bearer Notes 
of the same Series with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
Permanent Global Note), in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note against 
Certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as described above and as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations unless such Certification has already been given pursuant to the provisions set forth above. 
Exchange of a Temporary Global Note for interests in a Permanent Global Note will only be made if 
Definitive Bearer Notes have not already been issued. If Definitive Bearer Notes have already been 
issued, the Temporary Global Note may only thereafter be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes 
pursuant to the terms thereof. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or any other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
Certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or, in 
the case of Bearer Notes, for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note (including 
Permanent Global SIS Notes) will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, to or 
to the order of the holder thereof (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without 
any requirement for Certification.

--- Page 68 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
56 
 
 
 
 
4.2 Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, free of charge to the holder, on or after the Exchange Date for 
Materialised Notes in definitive form (any such Notes, Definitive Materialised Notes), with, where 
applicable, Coupons and Talons attached:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the French 
Law Agency Agreement (as defined under the French Law Conditions below) for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent (as defined in the French Law Agency 
Agreement). In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, 
Coupons and Talons attached. Definitive Materialised Notes and any related Coupons and Talons will 
be security printed at the expense of the Issuer in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes of this section ("Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership"), the Exchange 
Date shall be the date (subject to postponement) on or after the later of (i) forty (40) calendar days after 
the Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Temporary Global Certificate is issued and (ii) forty 
(40) calendar days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche, as certified by the 
relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a 
syndicated issue). 
5. Deed of Covenant 
If any Bearer Global Note (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with its Terms and Conditions or if the Maturity Date of such Note has occurred and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Bearer 
Global Note, then the Bearer Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At 
the same time, holders of interests in such Bearer Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, will become entitled to the rights contained in, including to 
proceed directly against the Issuer, on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream in and subject to the terms of, the Deed of Covenant.  
6. Exchange upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
The Final Terms with respect to any English Law Notes issued in global form (except Permanent Global 
SIS Notes) will specify if the relevant Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note (as applicable) 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, Coupons and Talons attached, or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered Notes, in which 
case such exchange will occur upon not less than sixty (60) calendar days' written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent from or on behalf of, as the case may be, Euroclear and/or Clearstream acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in the Permanent Global Note or Registered Global Note as described 
therein (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) or, in the case of a Permanent Global 
Note, if such Note is held otherwise than on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, the bearer thereof, in 
the event of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (each, an 
Exchange Event) or by the Issuer in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iv) 
below:  
(i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 of the English Law Conditions) has occurred and 
is continuing;  
(ii) 
in the case of a Permanent Global Note or a Registered Global Note registered in the name of, 
or a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Issuer has been

--- Page 69 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
57 
 
 
 
 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen (14) calendar days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
announce an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor 
clearing system is available;  
(iii) 
on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Notes, the Issuer would be required 
to pay additional amounts as referred to in Condition 7 and such payment would not be required 
were the Notes in definitive form; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were such Registered Notes represented by a 
Registered Definitive Note.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders and where applicable, Couponholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the English Law Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event 
as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than ten (10) calendar days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No holder of Bearer SIS Notes will at any time have the right to effect or demand the exchange of the 
Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer SIS 
Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form. A Permanent Global SIS Note will only be exchangeable for Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, in whole, 
but not in part, if the Principal Swiss Paying Agent or the relevant Dealer, as applicable, deems (i) the 
printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of 
definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons to be required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the 
enforcement of rights (including in cases of bankruptcy, consolidation or reorganisation of the Issuer) 
(in respect of Bearer SIS Notes, each such circumstance a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event).  
Upon the occurrence of a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event, the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in case 
of SIS Notes that are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the relevant Dealer (in case of SIS Notes 
that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange), as the case may be, shall provide for the printing of Definitive 
Bearer SIS Notes together with any related Coupons without cost to the holders of the relevant Bearer 
SIS Notes and any such Coupons. If Definitive Bearer SIS Notes and any such Coupons are delivered, 
the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent (in case of SIS Notes that are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the relevant Dealer (in case 
of SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange), as the case may be, and the Definitive Bearer 
SIS Notes and any such Coupons shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the 
relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such holders' securities accounts.  
7. U.S. Legends 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes and Materialised Notes which have an original 
maturity of more than one year and on all related Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. Persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended), with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes and 
Materialised Notes (and, if applicable, related Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in 
respect of such Notes and related Receipts, Coupons or Talons.

--- Page 70 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
58 
 
 
 
 
Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions as detailed in "Subscription and Sale". 
8. Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final 
Terms (including, without limitation, Euroclear France and, in relation to SIS Notes or any other Notes 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange) or approved by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only), and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, the AMF and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning 
of Article 238-0-A of the French Code général des impôts.

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the Notes to be issued under English 
law (the English Law Notes) that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the Final Terms 
(as defined below), shall be applicable to the English Law Notes. These Conditions will be incorporated 
by reference into each global Note and will be endorsed upon or attached to each definitive Note. The 
Final Terms in relation to any Tranche (as defined below) of Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference in, each Temporary Global Note, 
Permanent Global Note and definitive Note. 
In the case of any Tranche (as defined below) of English Law Notes which are being admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to 
the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of English Law Notes may complete 
any information in this Base Prospectus.  
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms. References in the Terms and Conditions to the Notes are to the English 
Law Notes of one Series only, not to all English Law Notes that may be issued under the Programme 
and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Note(s) represented by a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency of issue; 
(ii) 
definitive Notes in bearer form (Definitive Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a global Note; 
(iii) 
definitive Bearer SIS Notes (as defined below) (Definitive Bearer SIS Notes) issued in 
exchange for a Permanent Global SIS Note; 
(iv) 
any global Note in bearer or registered form (Bearer Global Note(s), in case of Bearer SIS 
Notes, a Permanent Global SIS Note and a Registered Global Note(s), respectively, and 
each a global Note);  
(v) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Definitive Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Registered Global Note); and 
(vi) 
Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and registered with and cleared 
through SIX SIS Ltd. or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange (Uncertificated SIS Notes). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) are issued by the Issuer with the benefit of an amended 
and restated agency agreement dated 19 December 2023 (the English Law Agency Agreement, 
which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time) and made between, inter alios, the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg (formerly Société 
Générale Bank & Trust) as principal paying agent, registrar, transfer agent, exchange agent, fiscal 
agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and calculation agent (the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent and the Consolidation Agent, respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any 
additional or successor agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified 
in the Final Terms), Société Générale as calculation agent (the Calculation Agent, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to 
time and specified in the Final Terms) and the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, 
together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time). The Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the 
Agents.

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
60 
 
 
 
 
Any issue of SIS Notes (as defined below), and other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, 
will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, 
which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between, amongst others, the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the principal Swiss paying agent (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, and the other Swiss 
paying agents (if any), (the Swiss Paying Agents) respectively, appointed from time to time (which 
expressions shall include any additional or successor (principal) Swiss paying agent appointed from 
time to time), and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying Agents). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the 
English Law Agency Agreement.  
Other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, in respect of which no Coupons will be attached, interest-
bearing Definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) have interest coupons 
(Coupons) and, if indicated in the Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to "Coupons" or "coupons" shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to "Talons" or "talons". Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
Any references in these Terms and Conditions to "Coupons" or "Talons" shall not apply to Registered 
Notes. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, 
unless the context requires otherwise, include the holders of Talons. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each term as defined 
below) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final Terms (including, without limitation, Euroclear 
France and the financial intermediaries authorised to maintain accounts therein (together Euroclear 
France) and, in the case of SIS Notes or other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, SIX 
SIS Ltd., the Swiss securities services provider (SIS) or any other clearing institution in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (SIX Swiss Exchange) or approved by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only), 
and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Autorité des marchés financiers 
and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0-A of the 
French Code général des impôts. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Prospectus Regulation shall be to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms) that are 
endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference in the relevant Tranche of Notes and which 
complete these terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions or Conditions). References herein 
to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms for a specific Series of Notes (or other relevant provisions 
thereof) and, if applicable, any schedules to the Final Terms, which Final Terms are endorsed on, 
attached to, or incorporated by reference in this Note. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche 
of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single Series and (b) identical in all respects except for their principal amount, 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Copies of the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) 
and the Deed of Covenant (as defined below) are available for inspection during normal business hours 
from the head office of the Issuer and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the Final Terms. The statements in the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
61 
 
 
 
 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement 
and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable). Words and expressions defined in the 
English Law Agency Agreement or used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the English Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss 
Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), and the Final Terms, the Final Terms will prevail. 
In relation to Notes (other than SIS Notes) held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or 
another clearing system, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed 
of covenant dated 14 March 2016 (the Deed of Covenant, which expression includes the same as it 
may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made by the Issuer. The 
original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes, except for Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) or Uncertificated SIS Notes, are in 
bearer form (Bearer Notes), and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. The 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be at 
least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified Currency. 
A SIS Note is either in bearer form (a Bearer SIS Note) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form (an Uncertificated SIS Note), which is, or is intended to be, deposited or registered with 
and cleared through SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes 
by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary). SIS Notes may be 
denominated in Swiss Francs or other currencies approved by the Intermediary. The Final Terms will 
indicate whether SIS Notes are CHF SIS Notes, Other SIS Notes (each as defined below) or 
Uncertificated SIS Notes. 
Bearer SIS Notes are represented by a permanent global Note (Permanent Global SIS Note) without 
interest coupons attached that will be deposited with the Intermediary on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche. Once the Permanent Global SIS Note representing the Bearer SIS Notes has been 
deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
Intermediary, such Bearer SIS Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (Intermediated 
Securities). Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs benefit from a limited exception to the 
non-US beneficial ownership certification requirement of the TEFRA D Rules, if such Bearer SIS Notes 
fulfil the relevant requirements set out below. Bearer SIS Notes denominated in Swiss Francs which 
fulfil these requirements are hereinafter referred to as CHF SIS Notes. Bearer SIS Notes denominated 
in Swiss Francs that do not fulfil these requirements and Bearer SIS Notes denominated in a currency 
approved by the Intermediary other than Swiss Francs are hereinafter referred to as Other SIS Notes. 
The following criteria must be fulfilled in order for the limited exception to the certification requirement 
of the TEFRA D Rules to apply: 
(i) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are denominated only in Swiss Francs; 
(ii) 
the interest on, and the principal of, the CHF SIS Notes are payable only in Switzerland; 
(iii) 
the CHF SIS Notes are offered and sold in accordance with Swiss customary practice and 
documentation;

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
62 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
the relevant Dealer(s) agree to use reasonable efforts to sell the CHF SIS Notes within 
Switzerland; 
(v) 
the CHF SIS Notes are not listed, or subject to an application for listing, on an exchange located 
outside Switzerland; 
(vi) 
the issuance of the CHF SIS Notes complies with any guidelines or restrictions imposed by Swiss 
governmental, banking or securities authorities from time to time; and 
(vii) 
more than 80 per cent. by value of the CHF SIS Notes included in the offering of which they are 
part are offered and sold to non-Dealers by the relevant Dealer(s) maintaining an office located 
in Switzerland.  
Uncertificated SIS Notes will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the Intermediary on 
or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Notes are registered in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of the Intermediary and the Uncertificated SIS Notes have been entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Notes will constitute 
Intermediated Securities. 
In the case of SIS Notes, no printing of definitive Notes, Receipts or Coupons will occur (except as 
provided herein with respect to Bearer SIS Notes only). No Holder of Bearer SIS Notes shall at any time 
have the right to effect or demand the exchange of the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such 
Bearer SIS Notes into, or the delivery of, Bearer SIS Notes in definitive form (Definitive Bearer SIS 
Notes) or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. If (i) the relevant Dealer (in the case of 
any Bearer SIS Notes that are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in 
the case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid) deems the printing of definitive Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons to be necessary or useful, or (ii) the presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons is required by Swiss or foreign laws in connection with the enforcement of rights (including in 
cases of bankruptcy, consolidation or reorganisation of the Issuer) (each such circumstance, in respect 
of Bearer SIS Notes, a Bearer SIS Notes Exchange Event), the relevant Dealer (in the case of any 
Bearer SIS Notes which are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the 
case of any Bearer SIS Notes not listed as aforesaid) will provide for the printing of such definitive 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons at the expense of the Issuer and without cost to the relevant Noteholders. 
The Issuer irrevocably authorises the relevant Dealer (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes that are 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) or the Principal Swiss Paying Agent (in the case of any Bearer SIS Notes 
that are not listed as aforesaid) to provide for such printing on its behalf. If Definitive Bearer SIS Notes 
are delivered, the relevant Permanent Global SIS Note will immediately be cancelled by the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, and the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes 
shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant Bearer SIS Notes in such 
holders' securities accounts. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, all depending upon the Interest/Payment/Redemption 
Basis specified in the Final Terms.  
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
(b) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject as set out 
below, the Issuer and any Paying Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the 
next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
63 
 
 
 
 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes (other than SIS Notes) or the Registered Notes is represented 
by a global note held on behalf of, or in the case of Registered Notes, by a Common Depositary (as 
defined below) or in the case of New Global Notes and Registered Global Notes held under the NSS 
(as defined below), a Common Safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper), on behalf of, Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Registrar as the holder of such nominal amount of the 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global note or, as applicable, the 
registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Note (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of Bearer SIS Notes, each holder thereof shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent Global SIS Note representing such Bearer SIS Notes to the 
extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that, for so long as the Permanent Global SIS Note 
remains deposited with the Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Bearer 
SIS Notes may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Bearer SIS Notes in a securities 
account of the transferee held with a participant of the Intermediary. Uncertificated SIS Notes may also 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificates SIS Notes in a securities account of 
the transferee held with a participant of the Intermediary. The records of the Intermediary will determine 
the number of SIS Notes held through each participant of the Intermediary. In respect of SIS Notes held 
in the form of Intermediated Securities (Bucheffekten), the holders of such SIS Notes will be the persons 
holding such SIS Notes in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name held with a 
participant of the Intermediary, or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen) holding such SIS Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and, where 
applicable, Couponholder and holder of Coupons and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Bearer Global Notes (other than Permanent Global SIS Notes) which are not issued in new global note 
(NGN) form or Registered Global Notes which are not held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS) 
will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
Common Depositary), and in the case of Registered Global Notes registered in the name of any 
nominee, for Euroclear and Clearstream. Bearer Global Notes which are stated in the Final Terms to 
be issued in NGN form or Registered Global Notes which are held under the NSS will be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. For the purposes of payment 
of principal or interest on the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person, the bearer 
of the relevant global Note or, as applicable, the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note, shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and, where applicable, “Couponholder” and “holder of Coupons” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
If the Bearer Global Note is a NGN, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes. 
Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream will be

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Redenomination of Notes into Euro 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, by giving at least 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 13, as the case may be, and 
on or after the date on which (i) the Member State of the European Union in whose national 
currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the third stage 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the 
European Community (the EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or (ii) events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of any Series denominated in such national currency into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
nominal amount of the issue and the Denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms accordingly, as 
described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to 
in these Terms and Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting 
the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and the Denomination(s) of each Note from the 
relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of 
each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall 
be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 16, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, make any changes or additions to these Conditions which it reasonably believes 
to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 16 
(including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual 
basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket 
debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding 
on the Noteholders, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders and Couponholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or Couponholder or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
65 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such 
clearing systems acting on behalf of direct and indirect transferors and transferees of such beneficial 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes only in the Specified 
Denominations set out in the Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the English Law Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in paragraph (e), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
English Law Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part in 
the Specified Denominations set out in the Final Terms. In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder 
or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making 
the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial regulations being set out in Schedule 6 to the 
English Law Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three (3) business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply 
with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) 
send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive Registered 
Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the 
Definitive Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered 
Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not 
transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor 
by uninsured mail to such address as the transferor may request. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
Transfers of a Non-U.S. Registered Global Note or a beneficial interest therein, or any Registered Note 
represented thereby, may not at any time be made to a transferee in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
66 
 
 
 
 
delivery thereof made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. 
(e) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global 
Note of the same type at any time. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may either be senior (Senior Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes). 
(a) 
Senior Notes  
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
A. 
Senior Preferred Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the Euro Medium 
Term Note – Paris Registered Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 
dated 9 December 2016 (the Law) on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code): 
(i) 
pari passu with: 
a. all direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the 
date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; and 
b. all present or future senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of 
the Code) of the Issuer issued after the date of entry into force of the Law on 
11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the 
Issuer; and 
b. subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders 
of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred 
Creditors); 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or creditors 
in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
67 
 
 
 
 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will 
be terminated. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible 
for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in 
relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
B. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code): 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer (as provided 
for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code);  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code); and 
b. obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred 
to in (ii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes  
Notes that are specified in the Final Terms as “Subordinated Notes” are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce and Article L. 613-30-3, I, 5° of the 
Code with the intention to be recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer on the Issue Date. 
As long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will constitute Tier 2 
Capital Subordinated Notes, ranking as provided for in Condition 3.(b).A and, if they are no longer 
recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will automatically constitute Disqualified Capital Notes, 
ranking as provided for in Condition 3.(b).B. 
A. 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking:

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
68 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Tier 2 Capital Instruments and Prior Subordinated Obligations 
of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; 
b. Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
b. subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
c. subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
d. senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or 
future holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or creditors in 
respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations 
referred to in (iii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
B. 
Disqualified Capital Notes 
Disqualified Capital Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. Tier 2 Capital Instruments and Prior Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; 
b. subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; 
c. Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Disqualified Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer;

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
69 
 
 
 
 
b. subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
c. senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders 
of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or creditors in 
respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations 
referred to in (iii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Disqualified Capital 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 3, in the context of a resolution of the Issuer, if any 
Bail-in Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 17), and subject to certain 
exceptions, losses would in principle be borne first by shareholders, then by holders of capital 
instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as Subordinated Notes), then by the other 
creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
For the purpose hereof: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments means additional tier 1 instruments of the Issuer as defined in 
Article 52 of the Capital Requirements Regulation which are treated as such by the then current 
requirements of the Regulator, and as amended by Part 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(Article 494b on grandfathering). 
Code means the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Disqualified Capital Instruments means subordinated obligations or deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, issued as from 28 December 2020, that are fully disqualified as Tier 2 Capital Instruments 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer. 
Disqualified Capital Notes means Subordinated Notes that are fully disqualified as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments. 
Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations means deeply subordinated obligations (engagements dits 
"super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer which have been, 
prior to 28 December 2020, recognized fully or partially as Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments. 
Prior Subordinated Obligations means subordinated obligations of the Issuer which have been, prior 
to 28 December 2020, recognized fully or partially as Tier 2 Capital Instruments. 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments means tier 2 instruments of the Issuer as defined in Article 63 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation which are treated as such by the then current requirements of the Regulator, 
and as amended by Part 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation (Article 494b on grandfathering); 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes means Notes that are fully or partially recognized as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments.

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
70 
 
 
 
 
4. 
Interest 
Interest on Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be payable on one or more Interest Payment 
Date(s) as defined and as provided below. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes 
The Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of any fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of Interest will 
initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period, will be as follows: 
(x) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(y) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(z) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(a): 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and any 
related Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(a)(ii). 
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears a fixed rate of interest which may be either an Adjusted 
Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note. 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
any related Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this Condition, unchanged and are 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4(a)(i). 
(i) 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
(as specified in the Final Terms). 
If the Notes are in definitive form, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments 
of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified (the Broken Amount). 
Except in the case of Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(2) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered 
Notes, the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
71 
 
 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a Definitive 
Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(ii) 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period, and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then: 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
and the expression “Interest Payment Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount) 
payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(1) 
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(2) 
in the case of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of an Adjusted Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or 
a Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(iii) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Resettable Notes  
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Mid-

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
72 
 
 
 
 
Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(a)(iii) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 4(a)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, 
any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may 
be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then 
applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the 
case may be, will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(a)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then such 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 4(a)(iii)).  
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(as the case may be).

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
73 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(a)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) 
that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) (such 
amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
paragraph (E) vary these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph 
(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this Condition 4(a)(iii) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in their determination) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the Final Terms, and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each date (each such date, 
together with each Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or any other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
74 
 
 
 
 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred 
or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an unadjusted basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not 
be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if “ISDA Determination” is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and “Unscheduled Holiday” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then if (i) Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies to a particular date and (ii) such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (disregarding references to “Valuation Business Day” and “Exercise Business 
Day” and construing references to the “Confirmation” to mean the relevant Final Terms) notwithstanding 
the provisions of limbs (A), (C) and (D) of the above sub-paragraph, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the Final Terms, which may be: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period; and 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, “Compounding” is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in the relevant 
Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
75 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the “Compounding Method” 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
“Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in the relevant 
Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
In connection with any Compounding specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to: 
(i) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Day 
Count Fraction;  
(ii) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
(iii) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(iv) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(v) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is specified 
to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition 
of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, Applicable Business Days, Compounding with Lockout, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Lockout Period 
Business Days, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Successor Benchmark, Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, 
Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by 
linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
a) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final 
Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of the Euro-zone interbank offered 
rate (EURIBOR) or the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the jurisdiction of the 
relevant Reference Rate on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the 
principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market 
(which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) (or, as the 
case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be applied on the basis of the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (y) above, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
on or prior to the Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, 
Condition 4(b)(iii) shall apply. 
b) 
Provisions specific to SONIA reference rate 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA 
Lookback Compound or SONIA Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or 
(y) if SONIA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where: 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (it being understood that reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (“i+1”);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
SONIAi-pLBD, means for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
SONIA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the calculation of interest is the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
78 
 
 
 
 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SONIAi×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day, in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
that is a number of London Banking Days equal to the number of Observation Shift 
Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA in respect of that London Banking Day “i”. 
Where: 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
SONIA, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
If, in respect of a relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s 
Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) days 
on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
79 
 
 
 
 
specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
c) 
Provisions specific to SOFR reference rate  
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR 
Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound or SOFR Observation Shift Compound as 
follows: 
(x) if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); 
(y) if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(z) if SOFR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
where: 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0, means for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, 
but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be 
SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
81 
 
 
 
 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the 
relevant Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where:

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
82 
 
 
 
 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, 
but excluding the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
83 
 
 
 
 
to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
or approval from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
As used herein: 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR, as defined above; provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenor, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
84 
 
 
 
 
(2)  
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative, that the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions 
will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2021 ISDA Definitions as supplemented from 
time to time for interest rate derivatives all as determined as of the date of the relevant 
determination under this Condition; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
85 
 
 
 
 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
d)  
Provisions specific to SHIBOR reference rate  
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by 
China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the 
authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business 
day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate 
for the corresponding period. 
If Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate 
determined by the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in 
the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead of the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong 
Branch) on the following basis:  
(i) 
if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that 
rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR 
in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof; 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (ii) above, if the Issuer acting by and through its Hong 
Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead 
of the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch) determines on or prior to 
the Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in 
respect of SHIBOR, Condition 4(b)(iii) shall apply. 
e) 
Provisions specific to €STR reference rate 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either €STR 
Lookback Compound or €STR Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or 
(y) if €STR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where: 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
86 
 
 
 
 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
€STRi-pT2BD×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
  
Where: 
  
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
€STRi-pT2BD means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
€STR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ €STRi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
€STRi means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR in respect of that T2 Business Day “i”; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day, in 
the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
87 
 
 
 
 
ni means for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following T2 Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date that is 
a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and no 
€STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business 
Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
T2 Business Day on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each 
relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references 
to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than 
the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate nor 
Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though 
substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
88 
 
 
 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 
10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks 
may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank 
and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
a) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty 
(30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
89 
 
 
 
 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
f) 
Provisions specific to TONA reference rate 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either TONA 
lookback Compound or TONA Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or  
(y) if TONA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where: 
TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is the 
arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
90 
 
 
 
 
 
[∏(1+
TONAi-pTBD×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking 
Day (“i+1”); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
TONAi-pTBD, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
the relevant Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
TONA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is 
the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ TONAi×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking 
Day, in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
91 
 
 
 
 
that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
TONAi means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i”. 
Where: 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Tokyo 
OverNight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of 
Japan on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
If, in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the TONA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first 
preceding Tokyo Banking Day for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to TONA, 
Condition 4(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
g) 
Provisions specific to SARON reference rate  
When SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of 
the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
92 
 
 
 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SARONi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni means, for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” to, but excluding, the first 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Relevant Screen Page Time means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the close of trading 
on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, 
which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); 
SARON, means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for 
such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
SARONi for any Zurich Banking Day “i”, is equal to SARON in respect of that Zurich Banking 
Day “i”; and 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and no SARON Event and no SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, SARON shall be the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the 
SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking 
Day; or

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
93 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, SARON shall be the policy rate of the 
Swiss National Bank (the SNB Policy Rate) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect 
to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB 
Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In connection with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(g), the following definitions apply: 
SARON Administrator means SIX Financial Information AG or any successor administrator of 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the SARON, or the SARON Administrator has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the SARON to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Notes; 
SARON Administrator Website means the website of the SARON Administrator; 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the SARON;  
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraph (iii) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (x) the date of such statement 
or publication, (y) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date 
on which the SARON will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in subparagraph (iv) of the definition thereof has occurred 
on or prior to either or both dates specified in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this paragraph, 
the date as of which the SARON may no longer be used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event or a SARON 
Index Cessation Event described in subparagraph (iv) of the definition thereof, the date 
as of which the SARON may no longer be used;  
SARON Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the SARON, 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the SARON 
Administrator, the central bank for the Swiss Franc, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the SARON Administrator, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the SARON 
Administrator, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
SARON Administrator, which states that the SARON Administrator, has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SARON, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SARON; or

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
94 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator that, in the view of 
such supervisor, SARON is no longer representative of an underlying market or the 
methodology to calculate the SARON has materially changed; or 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it 
is actually defined or described in the definition of the SARON) following which the 
SARON may no longer be used; 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication 
of the SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the prohibition of use of the SARON, and 
not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“SARON Event” means the occurrence of a SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event or a 
SARON Index Cessation Event; 
 “SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to 
which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the SARON with such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organized in 
the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates 
that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the “SARON 
Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be 
applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account the historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year 
period ending on the date on which the SARON Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
95 
 
 
 
 
h) 
Provisions specific to SORA reference rate 
When SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Singapore dollar as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
 
(∏(1 + SORA𝑖−pSBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means the number of Singapore Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant Singapore 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the first Singapore Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Singapore Banking Day i in the relevant Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days from and including such Singapore Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the first 
following Singapore Banking Day (i+1);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Singapore Banking Day included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Singapore Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public 
holiday) on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore; 
“SORAi-pSBD” for any Singapore Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SORA in respect of the Singapore Banking Day falling “p” Singapore Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Singapore Banking Day “i”; and 
SORA means, in respect of any Singapore Banking Day, the daily Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average rate for such Singapore Banking Day as provided by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (or a successor administrator of SORA) to authorised distributors (the “SORA 
authorised distributors”) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) on the 
Singapore Banking Day immediately following such Singapore Banking Day. If, in respect of any 
Singapore Banking Day, the applicable SORA is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or has not been otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) by 5.00 p.m. 
Singapore time, then the SORA in respect of such Singapore Banking Day shall be the SORA 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Singapore Banking Day on which the SORA was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors). 
If, in respect of a relevant Singapore Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
determines that the SORA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant SORA authorised distributors, such SORA shall be the SORA in

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
96 
 
 
 
 
respect of the first preceding Singapore Banking Day for which the SORA was published by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (or a successor administrator of SORA) or such SORA 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Period).  
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to SORA, 
Condition 4(b)(iii) shall apply. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes (except for SONIA, SOFR, €STR and 
SARON reference rates Notes and when ISDA determination is applicable) 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination 
Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and, in either case, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC 
criteria applicable to the Issuer); or

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
97 
 
 
 
 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully 
or partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated 
Notes; or  
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may 
be, will be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period will be equal to the Original Reference Rate last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the last available Original 
Reference Rate.  
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(b)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(b)(iii)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (E) vary these Terms and 
Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments 
(as the case may be), determined under this Condition 4(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
98 
 
 
 
 
and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(iv) 
Additional provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the Final Terms 
as being other than EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, SORA or TONA, as the case may be, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the Final Terms. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear 
interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(v) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 4(b)(ii)(A), if the Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
If n/N or nb/Nb is specified as the Rate Multiplier in the Final Terms, the following definitions shall apply: 
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark 
was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
99 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, as applicable, 
Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
– 
if EURIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page, 
EURIBOR will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for 
a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any 
Reset Date). 
– 
if EUR-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date), and appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) under 
the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – FRF" and above the caption "11:00 AM FRANKFURT". If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page, EUR-CMS 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Option "EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date). 
– 
if USD-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-ISDA-Swap Rate" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and 
appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (New York time). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page, USD-CMS will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-CMS-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
For the purposes hereof, the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of the relevant Interest Period 
which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark on the first 
preceding Benchmark Day.  
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark is: 
– 
EURIBOR or EUR-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the T2 is 
operating; and 
– 
USD-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in New York City. 
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
100 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first 
Business Day after such calculation). 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of each Note for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes or Definitive Registered 
Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note or a 
Definitive Registered Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the number by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate, from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating 
rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If "Zero Coupon Notes” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, this Condition 4(d) shall apply. 
The Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the Reference 
Price) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late payment (pursuant 
to the provisions of Conditions 6(k) and 6(n)). 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is redeemed or becomes due and repayable, the amount due and repayable 
(the Amortised Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
101 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and notified in accordance with Condition 13 and 14, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if applicable) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
be calculated and to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the relevant Rate of Interest until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.  
(f) 
Certain definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period, Day Count Fraction means 
the following (provided that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction 
applicable to Floating Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period, falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period, falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period, falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365;

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
102 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period, divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
103 
 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
Furthermore, for the purposes of this Condition 4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, and is the spread, 
formula or methodology that: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or to the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as the case 
may be, or the administrator or sponsor of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as 
the case may be, to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes;  
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 4(a)(iii)(B) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
104 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iii)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D); 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Bloomberg Treasury Screen means page USTI on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying 
actively traded United States Treasury Securities; 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the 
Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is CNY, 
shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open 
(a T2 Business Day). In these Terms and Conditions, T2 means the real-time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement thereto. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
First Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or U.S. Treasury Rate 
or Reference Bond Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be;  
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the First Reset Rate and the First Margin, adjusted 
as necessary; 
H.15(519) means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
 
Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), annoncing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
105 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case 
may be), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) is no longer representative of 
an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate or Original 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate (as the case may be)) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified; 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), or the prohibition of use 
of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), and not the date 
of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4; 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Bond Rate means the rate specified in the Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date, if 
any; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified as an Interest Payment Date in the Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the relevant 
clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
106 
 
 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent), or such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry 
shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, and is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Mid-
Swap Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-
Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be. 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a)(iii)(D); 
Mid-Swap 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means in connection with a specified currency, the 
Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms which, unless otherwise specified therein, shall be 
EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(x) 
(a) 
if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as of approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
107 
 
 
 
 
(y) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide it with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset 
Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the Mid-Swap 
Rate shall be the last available Mid-Swap Rate. 
(z) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (y) above, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Mid-Swap Rate, as specified in the Final Terms) 
determines on or prior to the Reset Determination Date that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger 
Event has occurred, Condition 4(a)(iii) shall apply. 
Original Mid-Swap Rate means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
Rate Determination Agent means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) the Issuer, (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer or (v) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role; 
Reference Banks means, the office in the principal centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference 
Rate of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) in 
each case selected by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or as specified in the Final Terms; 
Reference Bond means, for any Reset Period, the Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if 
no Reference Bond is specified hereon or if the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at 
the relevant time, such government security or securities issued by the government of the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity date comparable with the last day of the 
relevant Reset Period and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Bond Dealer means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are primary government securities dealers or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issuances denominated in the Specified Currency; 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
108 
 
 
 
 
the offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Bond Dealer; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, (a) the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations or (c) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotation obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
Reference Bond Rate shall be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, 
the Reference Bond Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the 
First Reset Period, the Initial Reference Bond Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
Reference Bond Rate means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board (the FSB) or any part thereof; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page or the source in each case specified in the Final Terms or such 
successor page or source determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Reset Date means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
Reset Period means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date. If 
at least three such Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only two Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury 
Rate Quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, all

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
109 
 
 
 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only one Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation provided, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If no Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be deemed to be the 
last available U.S. Treasury Rate determined by the Calculation Agent according to the provisions of 
limbs (a) and (b) of the definition of “U.S. Treasury Rate” below; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the secondary market bid price provided by the Reset Reference Bank for the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Banks means: 
(i) 
If Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five (four, in the case of Notes 
denominated in Singaporean dollars) leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely; 
(ii) 
If U.S. Treasury Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary 
United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars in New York City,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
Reset United States Treasury Securities means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, 
a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve (12) months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such 
United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
Subsequent Reset Rate means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or 
U.S. Treasury Rate or Reference Bond Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the 
case may be;  
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Subsequent Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.; 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
110 
 
 
 
 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield (bid) for the United States Treasury Securities for a designated maturity equal to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as that yield is displayed on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities (nominal)” 
on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate on such 
Reset Determination Date; 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
(g) 
Rounding generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, such amounts will, if 
necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4, by the Fiscal Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error 
or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Registered Notes, subject also as provided in the Final 
Terms, payments made in: 
(i) 
a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency or an account on which the Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, except in the case of Registered Notes, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn 
on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such Specified Currency (which 
if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is 
Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal); 
(ii) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, except in 
the case of Registered Notes, by a euro-cheque; and  
(iii) 
Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in 
Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time.

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. 
(b) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5(a) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). Payments under paragraph 
(a) made, at the option of the bearer of such Note or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered 
to an address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and 
regulations, such payments made by transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account 
maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. Subject as provided below, no 
payment in respect of any Definitive Bearer Note or Coupon will be made upon presentation of such 
Definitive Bearer Note or Coupon at any office or agency of the Issuer or any Paying Agent in the United 
States, nor will any such payment be made by transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the 
United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes which are Definitive Bearer Notes should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note which is a Definitive Bearer Note becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. Where any Floating Rate Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may decide. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date, or if 
there is no such preceding date, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant Definitive Bearer Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Bearer 
Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of 
such Bearer Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest,

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
112 
 
 
 
 
will be made on such Bearer Global Note by the relevant Paying Agent and such record shall be prima 
facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) at the close of business on the third business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less 
than U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For 
these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated 
Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the 
Specified Currency is Canadian dollars shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi 
shall be Hong-Kong) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by 
a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the 
relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in 
the Register at the close of business on, in the case of Registered Notes in definitive form only, the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date) at such holder's address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon 
application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three (3) business days in 
the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of 
interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate 
to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered 
Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of 
each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. Notwithstanding the above, in respect of Registered Global Notes, 
the Record Date will be the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, 
where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 
1 January. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests.

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
113 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Payments in respect of SIS Notes, and any other English Law Notes listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 5, in the case of SIS Notes, or other English Law 
Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement 
and modify the English Law Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Notes, including 
providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which, in the case of Notes listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by 
the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties 
including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital market customs and payment instructions. 
The Issuer shall make all payments of principal and interest due under the SIS Notes to the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent in accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Payments of principal and interest in respect of any SIS Notes denominated 
in Swiss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss Francs, and in the case of SIS Notes 
denominated in a currency other than Swiss Francs in such other currency, which shall also be freely 
disposable, without collection costs and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the 
nationality, domicile or residence of the holder of any SIS Notes and without requiring any certification, 
affidavit or the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the 
due and punctual payment of such funds in Switzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under 
(i) the Permanent Global SIS Note or (ii) the Definitive Bearer SIS Notes, Receipts and Coupons, if 
printed, or (iii) the Uncertificated SIS Notes, as the case may be, with respect to the payment of, as the 
case may be, principal, interest, costs and additional amounts on the Notes and the paying agency 
fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the payment obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by a global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim 
against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Bearer 
Notes (if any) will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes and any related Coupons in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or any other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
114 
 
 
 
 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.  
(h) 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment on (i) if “Following” is specified in the Final 
Terms, the next following Payment Business Day or (ii) if “Modified Following” is specified in the Final 
Terms, the next following Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment 
Business Day, in the relevant place. In the event that any adjustment is made to the date for payment 
in accordance with this Condition 5(h), the relevant amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon shall 
not be affected by any such adjustment. For these purposes and except as specified in Condition 5(d), 
Payment Business Day means any day which is: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars shall be 
Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open; and 
(i) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
(j) 
Currency unavailability 
This paragraph shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note or Coupon in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer due to the imposition of 
exchange controls, the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or any other circumstances beyond 
the control of the Issuer (Currency Unavailability). In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Issuer 
will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the holder of such Note or Coupon by making payment in euro 
or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in 
exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
115 
 
 
 
 
time, four (4) Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate 
is not available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or 
U.S. dollars (as applicable) in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default. 
(k) 
Provisions specific to CNY currency event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists on a date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following, and require the 
Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute 
discretion: 
(i) 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to ten (10) Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as determined 
by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter;  
(ii) 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be replaced 
by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate 
Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good faith by the 
Calculation Agent); and 
(iii) 
by giving notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions, 
the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions stating the occurrence of 
the CNY Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(k): 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between CNY and the Relevant Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-
deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
CNY Currency Events means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability and CNY 
Inconvertibility. 
CNY Illiquidity means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to make a payment or 
perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from CNY as may be 
required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other amount as may 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to 
the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong 
or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
116 
 
 
 
 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Relevant Currency means U.S. Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such other currency as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
6. 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date (which, in the case of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes 
shall be at least five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche) at its final redemption amount 
as specified in the Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency (the Final Redemption Amount). 
The Notes cannot be undated Notes. 
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs: 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: at par 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount: a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event  
(i) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event 
(x) 
Upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any 
time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount, as provided in Condition 6(m), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, provided that such notice shall be given no earlier than ninety 
(90) calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Withholding Tax Event means that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of any such Notes (and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it). 
(y) 
Upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event (as defined below) the Issuer may, at any time, at 
its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) as the case may be) and having given not 
less than seven (7) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as 
provided in Condition 6(m), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount without withholding for such taxes.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
117 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Special Tax Event means that the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of 
interest, in respect of the Notes and/or the Coupons, be prevented by the law of a Tax 
Jurisdiction from causing payment to be made to the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the 
full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
in respect of interest (and not principal) as provided in Condition 7.  
(ii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event (as defined below) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6(k)(iii)) and having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) 
calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Subordinated Notes 
in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(m), 
together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest 
payable being tax deductible for French corporate income tax purposes (impôts sur les 
bénéfices des sociétés). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Tax Deductibility Event means that if by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, or any other material change in the tax treatment of the 
Subordinated Notes, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the Subordinated Notes, any interest payment under the Subordinated Notes was but is no 
longer (whether in whole or in part) tax-deductible by the Issuer for French corporate income 
tax purposes (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes or the amount which was 
deductible by the Issuer on any interest payment under the Notes for French corporate income 
tax purposes, is materially reduced. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Withholding Tax 
Event and a Special Tax Event are each referred to as a Tax Event. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(iii)) and having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 6(m), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 
(the BRRD II));  
Capital Event means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Subordinated

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
118 
 
 
 
 
Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of 
any applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital; 
Capital Requirements Directive means the Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital 
Requirements Directive V)); 
Capital Requirements Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 
26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital Requirements Regulation II); 
CRD means the Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation; 
Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; 
Relevant Rules means the capital rules from time to time as applied by the Regulator and as amended 
from time to time including the implementation of the CRD and/or the BRRD; 
Special Event means any of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event or a 
Special Tax Event; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 by the then current requirements 
of the Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
If “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any time, 
at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)) and having given not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but 
not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(m), together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means a change in the classification of the Notes under the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements, that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of 
the Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds or eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable 
to the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the own funds or 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event.  
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD and CRD, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the SRB as the case may be, and/or as per 
the FSB TLAC Term Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
119 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Redemption Option 
If a Residual Maturity Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) as the case may be), 
at any time, on or after the Optional Redemption Date specified in the Final Terms and having given 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(l) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, no exercise of a Residual Maturity Redemption Option 
pursuant to this Condition will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Tier 2 
Capital Subordinated Notes. 
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to the Notes, 
and if at least 75 per cent. or any other percentage specified in the Final Terms (the Clean-up 
Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may (i) in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of Notes other 
than Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time, at its option, (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) 
as the case may be) and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), in 
accordance with Condition 13, to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, redeem 
the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in 
Condition 6(l) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(i) as the case 
may be), at any time (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) and having given not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as specified 
in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole but not in part, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below). 
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice (i.e. the Make-Whole Redemption Date) in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) and 
equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on such Senior Preferred Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date or, if such all option 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the earlier of either the first date of the exercise 
of any Issuer Call Option or any Residual Maturity Call Option (excluding any interest accrued on the

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
120 
 
 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, and assuming 
for this purpose that the Senior Preferred Notes would be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the 
first date of the exercise of any Issuer Call Option or any Residual Maturity Call Option which may be 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date 
on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus 
in each case, any interest accrued on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin as specified in the Final Terms. 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Paris Time) (Reference Dealer 
Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the Final Terms. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Security means the security as specified in the Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final 
Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (Paris Time) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Issuer Call Option 
If an issuer call option (“Issuer Call Option”) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6(k)), the Issuer may, at its option on any Optional Redemption Date and 
having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the Notes then outstanding, in whole 
or in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 6(l) together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and nor more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, both as specified in the Final Terms. 
In case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected individually by lot (in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Notes in definitive form) 
and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be reflected in the

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
121 
 
 
 
 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and in accordance with the rules of the relevant securities depositary and any relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms (in the case of Registered Notes), in each case not more than thirty (30) 
calendar days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date).  
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Notes in definitive form, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant global Note 
will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed 
for redemption pursuant to this paragraph and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least ten (10) calendar days 
prior to the Selection Date. 
With respect to any Senior Preferred Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
6(h) shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such 
notice by the Issuer, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note had already delivered a Put Notice in 
relation to that Senior Preferred Note in accordance with Condition 6(i). 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(i)), the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes may at their option, on the relevant Optional Redemption Date having given not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms), to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13, require 
the redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, in whole but not in part, such Senior Preferred 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 
6(l) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
Before the exercise of a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. 
To exercise the right to require the redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the holder of such Senior 
Preferred Note must, if the Senior Preferred Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice 
of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made 
under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed 
and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be 
sent in accordance with Condition 13. If this Senior Preferred Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice 
must be accompanied by this Senior Preferred Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons if applicable) or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Senior Preferred Note (together with any such unmatured Coupons and Talons) will, following delivery 
of the Put Notice, be held to the order or under its control. If the Senior Preferred Note is represented 
by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of the Senior Preferred Note the holder of the Senior Preferred Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
122 
 
 
 
 
them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream from 
time to time and, if the Senior Preferred Note is represented by a global Note, at the same time present 
or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to the Fiscal Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Senior Preferred Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be: 
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default (if any) has 
occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such 
Senior Preferred Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9; and 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder: (A) such Senior Preferred Note constituted a Redeemed Note, or 
(B) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders and the Couponholders of its intention to redeem all 
of the Senior Preferred Notes in a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 
6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h). 
(j) 
Substitution and Variation of the Notes 
(i) 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes 
The Issuer may at any time (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) as the case may be) having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), if a 
Withholding Tax Event, a Special Tax Event or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as the case 
may be) has occurred and is continuing or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the 
bail-in power and the statutory write-down or conversion power, substitute all (but not some only) or 
vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Notes, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior 
Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer, that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of the bail-in power and the statutory write-down or conversion power, 
have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders and the Couponholders than the terms of 
the Senior Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, provided that such securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements to 
the same extent as the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, 
or restricting for a period of time the application of the MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event which are included in the Senior Notes);  
The rules under MREL or TLAC Requirements may be modified from time to time after 
the date of issuance of the Senior Notes 
(B) 
carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying to the Senior Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation;  
(C) 
rank at least senior to, or pari passu with, the ranking of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Senior Preferred Notes, as the case may be, prior to the substitution or variation; 
(D) 
not be immediately subject to a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax Event; 
(E) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a Regulated Market), in either case as selected by the Issuer if (i) the Senior 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation or (ii) the Senior Notes were listed or admitted to

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
123 
 
 
 
 
trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(F) 
have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them 
if the Senior Notes had a solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
(ii) 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may at any time (subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(iii)) and having given not less 
than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, if a Capital Event, a Tax 
Event or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as the case may be) has occurred and is continuing 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of the bail-in power and the statutory write-
down or conversion power, substitute all (but not some only) or vary the terms of all (but not some only) 
of the Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer, subject as required by the 
provisions of this definition, that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of the bail-
in power and the statutory write-down or conversion power, have terms not materially less favourable 
to the Noteholders and the Couponholders than the terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer, provided that such securities shall: 
(A) 
contain terms which at such time comply with the then current requirements of the 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same extent as the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the occurrence of the event in relation to which 
this Condition is applied (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant 
securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of 
the Special Events which are included in the Subordinated Notes);  
(B) 
carry the same rate of interest including for the avoidance of doubt any rate of interest 
reset provisions, from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation;  
(C) 
have a ranking similar to the ranking of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the event in relation to which this Condition is applied; 
(D) 
not be immediately subject to a Special Event (excluding, with respect to Disqualified 
Capital Notes, a Capital Event) or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms of the relevant Notes);  
(E) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any recognised stock exchange, as selected by the 
Issuer if the Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock 
exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(F) 
have a solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them, if 
such Subordinated Notes had a solicited published rating from a rating agency immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
(k) 
Conditions to redemption, substitution, variation, purchase or cancellation of 
Notes prior to the Maturity Date 
(i) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes  
Unless “Prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms, Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled or, if required by the 
Relevant Rules, substituted or varied pursuant to:

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
124 
 
 
 
 
- 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(g) (Make-Whole Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(h) (Issuer Call Option),  
- 
Condition 6(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(j)(i) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes) (if required by the 
Relevant Rules), 
- 
Condition 6(n) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(o) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority (it being 
specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes for any purpose). 
(ii) 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled or, if required by the 
Relevant Rules, substituted or varied pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(h) (Issuer Call Option),  
- 
Condition 6(j)(i) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes) (if required by the 
Relevant Rules), 
- 
Condition 6(n) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(o) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority (it being 
specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes for any purpose). 
(iii) 
With respect to Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes  
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased, cancelled or, if required by the 
Relevant Rules, substituted or varied pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- 
Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 6(h) (Issuer Call Option),

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
125 
 
 
 
 
- 
Condition 6(j)(ii) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes) (if required by the 
Relevant Rules),  
- 
Condition 6(n) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 6(o) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met (according to Articles 77 and 78 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended or superseded from time to time): 
(i) 
the Regulator has given its prior permission to such redemption, purchase, cancellation or, if 
required by the Relevant Rules, substitution or variation (as applicable) (it being specified that 
any refusal shall not constitute an event of default). 
The rules under the CRD prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Regulator to a request by the Issuer to reduce, repurchase, call or redeem the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes.  
In this respect, the CRD provides that the Regulator shall grant permission to a reduction, 
repurchase, call or redemption of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes provided that either of the 
following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer replaces said Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income 
capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption, exceed 
the requirements laid down in the CRD and the BRRD by a margin that the Regulator may 
consider necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD provide that the Regulator may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem or purchase the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes before five (5) years after the Issue 
Date of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes if: 
(1) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (A) or (B) above are met; and 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Regulator 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
time of the issuance of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Regulator that such Tax Event is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes,  
(4) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer replaces such Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer and the Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(5) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no refusal of the Regulator to grant permission in accordance with 
Article 78 of the Capital Requirements Regulation shall constitute an event of default under the 
relevant Notes for any purpose. The rules under the CRD may be modified from time to time after 
the date of issuance of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
126 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
With respect to Disqualified Capital Notes 
To the extent the Disqualified Capital Notes (i) have not been fully excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as so called or defined by the then applicable laws 
and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer) or (ii) have been fully excluded from 
the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as so called or defined by the 
then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer) as a 
consequence of a residual maturity of less than one year, such Disqualified Capital Notes may only be 
redeemed, purchased, cancelled or, if required by the Relevant Rules, substituted or varied pursuant 
to: 
- Condition 6(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event), 
- Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes), 
- Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- Condition 6(h) (Issuer Call Option), 
- Condition 6(j)(ii) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes) (if required by the 
Relevant Rules), 
- Condition 6(n) (Purchases) and 
- Condition 6(o) (Cancellation), 
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (it being specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes 
for any purpose). 
(l) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of  
- Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option), 
- Condition 6(h) (Issuer Call Option), and/or  
- Condition 6(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred Notes),  
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on any date or dates as specified in the Final Terms 
(the Optional Redemption Date(s)) or on the date specified in the relevant notice, and at the amount 
(the Optional Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Optional Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the 
Final Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the Optional 
Redemption Date of the Notes so redeemed, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes 
and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
127 
 
 
 
 
the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such optional redemption, have fallen due after the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 9(a), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph 
shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and 
apart from any such interest included in the Optional Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued 
or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(m) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of: 
- Condition 6(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- Condition 6(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- Condition 6(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), and  
- Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the relevant notice (it being 
understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the Final 
Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value 
to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes 
bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 9(a), the Early Redemption Amount, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest 
to (but excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included 
in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount 
whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(n) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase at any price in the 
open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations:

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
128 
 
 
 
 
- Senior Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(i), unless “Prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms; 
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(ii); 
- Disqualified Capital Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(iv); 
- Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes: 
(x) for purposes other than market making, subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k)(iii), in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations; 
(y) for market making purposes provided that the total principal amount of the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes so purchased (together with the principal amount of any Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes previously so purchased) does not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. of 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes (including 
such further Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16), or (ii) 3 per 
cent. of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Notes so purchased (provided that, in case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are purchased therewith) by or on behalf of the Issuer may be 
held and resold in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations. 
(o) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall be cancelled 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 6(k) as the case may be) forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto), in the case of Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering each such Note (together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto) to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(p) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note, 
except for Registered Notes, pursuant to this Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9, as the case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 
4(d) up to (but excluding) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid.  
7. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes and/or any present or future Coupons 
relating thereto shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
In the event that any payments of interest (and not principal) by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes or any present or future Coupons 
relating thereto are required to be withheld or deducted for, or on behalf of, any Tax 
Jurisdiction, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such additional 
amount as may be necessary, in order that each Noteholder or Couponholder, after 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges,

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
129 
 
 
 
 
will receive the full amount then due and payable provided that no such additional 
amount shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
related Coupon by reason of his being connected with France other than by 
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below), except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment 
on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day 
(as defined in Condition 5(h)); or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required 
to be made pursuant to treaties executed or laws enacted by Switzerland 
providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those 
laid down in the former Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings 
income (as amended), in particular the principle to have a person other than 
the Issuer to withhold or deduct the tax, such as, without limitation, any paying 
agent; or 
(iv) 
in respect of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
nor offered to the public, if the Final Terms indicate that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable; or  
(v) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting such Note or related 
Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
in case of a Special Tax Event, as described in Condition 6(b); or 
(vii) 
by reason of the Noteholder being domiciled or established, or receiving 
payments made under the Notes on an account open, in a non-cooperative 
State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of article 
238-0 A of French Code général des impôts other than those mentioned in 2° 
of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Bearer Notes and any 
Coupons related thereto and the Registered Notes shall be prescribed and become void within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5(b) or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b).

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
130 
 
 
 
 
9. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If “Events of Default” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the holder of any Senior Preferred 
Notes may give written notice to the Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with, if appropriate and subject as otherwise provided herein, interest accrued to the date of 
repayment, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an Event of Default): 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the 
Notes of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of thirty (30) calendar 
days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes of a given Series and (except in any case where such failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for a period of sixty (60) calendar days next following the service on the 
Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or any other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
Otherwise, there will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, and the holders of 
such Senior Preferred Notes and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate 
the term of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Coupons.  
In any case, in accordance with Condition 3(a)(A), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(b) 
No Event of Default with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Subordinated Noteholders and/or the holders of any related 
Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes and/or any related Coupons. 
In accordance with Condition 3(a)(B) and Condition 3(b) if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their 
principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further 
formality. 
10. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note or (in the case of any Bearer Note) Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced 
or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to relevant stock exchange requirements and 
all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
131 
 
 
 
 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that there will at all times be: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another 
relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which 
may be the Registrar) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(ii) 
a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a city in continental 
Europe; and 
(iii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
a Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 13), which notice shall be irrevocable. 
In relation to SIS Notes, and any other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will 
appoint and maintain a Principal Swiss Paying Agent, having a specified office in Switzerland (which, 
in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that 
is subject to supervision by the FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency 
Agreement and the Issuer will at no time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF SIS Notes having 
a specified office outside Switzerland. In relation to SIS Notes any reference in these Conditions to the 
Fiscal Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent. 
In acting under the English Law Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. If in connection with any Series of 
Notes the Calculation Agent is Société Générale, its appointment will be governed by the terms of the 
Calculation Agency Agreement set out in Appendix 1 to the English Law Agency Agreement. In the 
event that a Calculation Agent other than Société Générale is appointed in connection with any Series 
of Notes, the terms of its appointment will be summarised in the Final Terms. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 15, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
132 
 
 
 
 
Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
13. 
Notices  
(a) 
Notices regarding Notes other than SIS Notes 
All notices regarding the Definitive Bearer Notes shall be deemed to be validly given if published: 
(i) 
so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos); or 
(ii) 
in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times); or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers; or 
(iv) 
on the Issuer's website (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) or (ii) in the case of 
publication on a website, on the date on which such notice is first posted on the relevant website. 
All notices regarding the Definitive Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Definitive Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any Notes in definitive form are issued, there may, so long as the global Note(s) 
representing the Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) is or are held in its or their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
dispatched by mail, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in accordance with such rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on (i) the fourth day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, if "Four Day Delivery" 
is specified as the Clearing System Delivery Period in the Final Terms or (ii) the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, if "Same Day Delivery" is specified as the Clearing 
System Delivery Period in the Final Terms. 
All notices given to Noteholders (irrespective of how given) shall also be delivered in writing to: 
(i) 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority, to the relevant stock exchange or authority. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or 
the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
133 
 
 
 
 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, may approve for this purpose. 
(b) 
Notices regarding SIS Notes and other English Law Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, notices regarding SIS Notes may be given by 
communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forwarding to the 
holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given with the 
communication to the Intermediary. 
So long as SIS Notes or other English law Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the 
rules of SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of such Notes will also be given without 
cost to the holders of the Notes through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent either: 
(i) 
by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange (www.six-
swissexchange.com), where notices are currently published under the address https://www.six-
group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-
notices.html#/; or 
(ii) 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication or if 
published more than once, on the first date of such publication. 
In addition or as an alternative, notices concerning SIS Notes may be published in a leading daily 
newspaper (such as, for example, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in Switzerland. 
Any notice so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first such publication). 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes or the Coupons or certain provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer at any time or by Noteholders holding not less than 10 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting is one or more persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one 
twentieth of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding and for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including but not limited to modifying the 
date of maturity of the Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment or denomination of the Notes or 
Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-
third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the English Law 
Agency Agreement which is (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent provision 
contained therein, or which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders and/or the Couponholders (provided the proposed modification does not relate to a 
matter in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if a meeting of Noteholders 
were held to consider such modification) or (iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
134 
 
 
 
 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
Any proposed modification (other than as provided for in Condition 4) of any provisions of the Notes 
can only be effected subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority, in the case of 
Senior Notes, or the Regulator, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the extent required by the 
Relevant Rules. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent or approval of the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
be required in order to comply with, or make any modifications or amendments to the Notes or to modify, 
vary, amend and restate and/or replace the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the relevant 
Global Note or any other documents relating to any Series of Notes as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent 
may deem necessary or desirable to reflect or incorporate, requirements, regulations, pronouncements, 
orders or laws imposed, required by or issued pursuant to the Bail-in Power and pursuant to Condition 
4 and/or give effect to any substitution and variation as provided for in Condition 6(j). 
15. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders create and issue further notes carrying rights identical in all respects to those of 
outstanding Notes and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest 
Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon), 
so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with, the outstanding Notes. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring on or after the date specified for a redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
1(c), on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by it, whether or 
not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which may exist or is 
available apart from that Act. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including on 
a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
135 
 
 
 
 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the Amounts Due are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no 
longer due. 
For these purposes, the Bail-in Power is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the SRM Regulation), or otherwise arising under French 
law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a Regulated Entity is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code 
as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.  
A reference to the Relevant Resolution Authority is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the ACPR), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or 
any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to 
time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the SRM Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at 
the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to 
send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
136 
 
 
 
 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the English Law Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties 
under the English Law Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following 
such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the English Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in 
Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a 
Note. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 17, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
18. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly 
or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any 
non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes, Receipt or Coupon) and 
each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 18 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for this 
Condition 18. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
19. 
No-Guarantee 
The Notes are neither secured, nor benefit from a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances 
the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The English Law Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the English Law Agency Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
137 
 
 
 
 
The Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law except for (i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) which will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law and (ii) in the case of Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, 
title and transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which shall 
be governed by Swiss law and particularly the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing institution in 
Switzerland recognized for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts 
of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes and/or the Coupons and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and 
the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer appoints Société Générale, London Branch (SGLB), currently located at 1 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf E14 4SG London United Kingdom, as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of SGLB ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
The Issuer has, in the English Law Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially 
similar to those set out above.

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
138 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the Notes to be issued under French 
law (the French Law Notes) that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the Final Terms 
(as defined below), shall be applicable to the French Law Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes 
(as defined below), the text of the Terms and Conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title, but will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions and the 
Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions, as so completed (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of inapplicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. 
In the case of any Tranche (as defined below) of French Law Notes which are being admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to 
the public in France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), the Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of French Law Notes may complete 
any information in this Base Prospectus. 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms. References in the Terms and Conditions to the “Notes” are to the French 
Law Notes of one Series only, not to all French Law Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Dematerialised Notes which are designated in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes, 
or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, transfer or 
delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. French law Dematerialised Notes which are designated 
in the Final Terms as Permanently Restricted Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned at 
any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and 
Materialised Notes, or in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are issued by the Issuer with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 19 December 2023 (the French Law Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same 
as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, Société Générale Luxembourg (formerly Société Générale Bank & Trust) as fiscal 
agent, principal paying agent, redenomination agent and consolidation agent (the Fiscal Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, respectively, 
which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor agent or any other 
calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified in the Final Terms), Société Générale as 
calculation agent (the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
agent or any other calculation agent appointed from time to time and specified in the Final Terms) and 
the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, together with the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents appointed from time to time). The Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the 
Agents. 
Any issue of Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes (each term as defined below) to be listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange will have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying 
Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
139 
 
 
 
 
the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between, amongst others, the 
Issuer, the principal Swiss paying agent (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent, and the other Swiss 
paying agents (if any), (the Swiss Paying Agents) respectively, appointed from time to time (which 
expressions shall include any additional or successor (principal) Swiss paying agent appointed from 
time to time), and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent and Swiss Paying Agents). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the 
French Law Agency Agreement.  
The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes and the holders of interest coupons 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes (Coupons) and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons (Talons) for further Coupons (the Couponholders) are deemed to have notice of all of 
the provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable) applicable to them. Any reference here is to “Coupons” or “coupons” shall, unless the 
context requires otherwise, be deemed to include a reference to “Talons or “talons”. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
(each term as defined below) shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system (i) specified in the Final Terms or approved by the Issuer, 
the relevant Dealer(s) and the Fiscal Agent and (ii) not located in a non-cooperative State or territory 
within the meaning of Article 238-0-A of the French Code général des impôts. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Prospectus Regulation shall be to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the Final Terms). The 
Final Terms (or other relevant provisions thereof) complete these terms and conditions (the Terms and 
Conditions or Conditions) for the purposes of the relevant Tranche of Notes. As used herein, Tranche 
means Notes which are identical in all respects and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with 
any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
Series and (b) identical in all respects except for their principal amount, their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where 
applicable) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of the Issuer 
and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. The Noteholders and the Couponholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the French Law 
Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) and the Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency 
Agreement (where applicable). Words and expressions defined in the French Law Agency Agreement, 
the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) or used in the Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the French Law Agency 
Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) and the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms will prevail 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Notes) or in materialised form 
(Materialised Notes). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the Code) by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
140 
 
 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in either (i) bearer form (au 
porteur), in which case they will be inscribed as of the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France), acting as central 
depositary, which shall credit the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined 
below), or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case 
they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the 
registration agent (designated in the Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the Registration 
Agent). 
For Notes issued in Dematerialised Form, unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the Final 
Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the 
central depositary identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company 
name nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank 
for Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream) or, in the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the depositary banks for SIX SIS Ltd., the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in materialised bearer form (Materialised Notes) and will only be 
issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without coupons attached (a 
Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in 
materialised bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date 
expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as further described herein) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Materialised Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the Code, securities in 
materialised form, such as the Materialised Notes, governed by French law must be issued 
outside France. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, Notes shall constitute obligations within the 
meaning of Article L.213-5 of the Code. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon 
Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, all depending upon the Interest/Payment/Redemption 
Basis specified in the Final Terms.  
(b) 
Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms (the Specified 
Denomination(s)) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in 
France and/or in Luxembourg in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be at least such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Specified 
Currency. Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
141 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts in the books 
of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached thereto on issue (Definitive Materialised Notes) shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or 
an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder of Materialised Notes. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, Noteholder or holder means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons 
or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of the 
Noteholder. 
(e) 
Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
(f) 
Redenomination of Notes into Euro 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, by giving at least 
thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice in accordance with Condition 13, and on or after the date 
on which (i) the Member State of the European Union in whose national currency the Notes are 
denominated has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(the EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or (ii) events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series 
denominated in such national currency into Euro and adjust the aggregate nominal amount of 
the issue and the Denomination(s) set out in the Final Terms accordingly, as described below.

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
142 
 
 
 
 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Terms 
and Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting 
the aggregate nominal amount of the issue and the Denomination(s) of each Note from the 
relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of 
each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders and Couponholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such 
cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to 
Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall 
be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent, in 
connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 14, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary or 
desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or Couponholders or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may either be senior (Senior Notes) or subordinated 
(Subordinated Notes). 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non-preferred 
notes (Senior Non-Preferred Notes), as specified in the Final Terms. 
A. 
Senior Preferred Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the Euro Medium 
Term Note – Paris Registered Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 
dated 9 December 2016 (the Law) on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred Notes. 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior preferred obligations 
(as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code): 
(i) 
pari passu with:

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
143 
 
 
 
 
a. 
all direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the 
date of entry into force of the Law; and 
b. 
all present or future senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° 
of the Code) of the Issuer issued after the date of entry into force of the Law on 
11 December 2016;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. 
senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of 
the Issuer; and 
b. 
subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders 
of, or creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (Preferred 
Creditors); and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or creditors 
in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be 
terminated. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be responsible 
for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in 
relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
B. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code).  
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer (as provided 
for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code);  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code); and  
b. 
obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer.  
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future 
holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
144 
 
 
 
 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred 
to in (ii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes 
Notes that are specified in the Final Terms as “Subordinated Notes” are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce and Article L. 613-30-3, I, 5° of the 
Code with the intention to be recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments of the Issuer on the Issue Date.  
As long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will constitute Tier 2 
Capital Subordinated Notes, ranking as provided for in Condition 2.(b).A and, if they are no longer 
recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will automatically constitute Disqualified Capital Notes, 
ranking as provided for in Condition 2.(b).B. 
A. 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Tier 2 Capital Instruments and Prior Subordinated Obligations 
of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. 
subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; 
b. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
b. 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
c. 
subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
d. 
senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or 
future holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and 
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or creditors in 
respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
145 
 
 
 
 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations 
referred to in (iii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
B. 
Disqualified Capital Notes 
Disqualified Capital Notes, including, where applicable any related Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking: 
(i) 
pari passu with all present or future Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
senior to all present or future: 
a. 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments and Prior Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer; 
b. 
subordinated obligations junior to Tier 2 Capital Instruments by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; 
c. 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations of the 
Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to all present or future: 
a. 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Disqualified 
Capital Instruments of the Issuer; 
b. 
subordinated obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; and 
c. 
senior obligations and senior obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law. 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
- 
the rights of payment of the holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Coupons shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all present or future holders 
of, or creditors in respect of, obligations referred to in (iii) above; and  
- 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons, shall be paid in priority to any holders of, or creditors in 
respect of, obligations referred to in (ii) above; and 
- 
in the event of incomplete payment of the holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations 
referred to in (iii) above, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Disqualified Capital 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons will be terminated. 
The holders of Disqualified Capital Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the 
Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of this Condition 2, in the context of a resolution of the Issuer, if any 
Bail-in Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 15), and subject to certain 
exceptions, losses would in principle be borne first by shareholders, then by holders of capital 
instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Subordinated Notes), then by the 
other creditors of the Issuer in accordance with the order of their claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. 
For the purpose hereof:

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
146 
 
 
 
 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments means additional tier 1 instruments of the Issuer as defined in 
Article 52 of the Capital Requirements Regulation which are treated as such by the then current 
requirements of the Regulator, and as amended by Part 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(Article 494b on grandfathering). 
Code means the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Disqualified Capital Instruments means subordinated obligations or deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, issued as from 28 December 2020, that are fully disqualified as Tier 2 Capital Instruments 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer. 
Disqualified Capital Notes means Subordinated Notes that are fully disqualified as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments. 
Prior Deeply Subordinated Obligations means deeply subordinated obligations (engagements dits 
"super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang) of the Issuer which have been, 
prior to 28 December 2020, recognized fully or partially as Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments. 
Prior Subordinated Obligations means subordinated obligations of the Issuer which have been, prior 
to 28 December 2020, recognized fully or partially as Tier 2 Capital Instruments. 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments means tier 2 instruments of the Issuer as defined in Article 63 of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation which are treated as such by the then current requirements of the Regulator, 
and as amended by Part 10 of the Capital Requirements Regulation (Article 494b on grandfathering); 
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes means Notes that are fully or partially recognized as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments 
3. 
Interest 
Interest on Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will be payable on one or more Interest Payment 
Date(s) as defined and as provided below. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes 
The Final Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of any fixed coupon amount (the 
Fixed Coupon Amount) and must be read in conjunction with this Condition for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
If the Fixed Rate Notes are specified in the Final Terms as Resettable Notes, the Rate of Interest will 
initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be as follows: 
(x) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(y) 
for each Interest Period, falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(z) 
for each Interest Period, in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(a): 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and any 
related Interest Payment Date are subject to modification in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 3(a)(ii). 
Fixed Rate Note means a Note which bears a fixed rate of interest which may be either an Adjusted 
Fixed Rate Note or an Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note.

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
147 
 
 
 
 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note means a Fixed Rate Note in respect of which the Interest Amount and 
any related Interest Payment Date remain, for the purposes of this Condition, unchanged and are 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(a)(i). 
(i) 
Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Unadjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date 
(as specified in the Final Terms). 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period, ending 
on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified (the Broken 
Amount). 
Except in the case of Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified 
in the Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series and multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
(defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Adjusted Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the Final Terms; provided that (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the 
calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then: 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being “Modified 
Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify that the clause “Business Day Convention” is stated as being 
“Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
and the expression “Interest Payment Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Adjusted Fixed Rate Interest Amount) 
payable on the Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period, by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the outstanding nominal amount of each Note and multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined below) of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
 
(iii) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Resettable Notes  
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
148 
 
 
 
 
If a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate when any Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Mid-
Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, a Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(a)(iii) shall act in good faith in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 3(a)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination Agent 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original 
Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, in either case, 
any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may 
be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially excluded from the 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then 
applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the 
case may be, will be adopted and the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-
Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(a)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, then such 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 3(a)(iii)).  
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
149 
 
 
 
 
a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(a)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines 
(i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) 
(such amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with paragraph (E) vary these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of 
doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative 
Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph 
(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this Condition 3(a)(iii) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in their determination) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the Final Terms, and such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period and in arrear on 
either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, each date (each such date, 
together with each Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or any other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
150 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B), the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls within the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other 
date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Final Terms specifies that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an unadjusted basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not 
be affected by the application of such Business Day Convention. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if “ISDA Determination” is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and “Unscheduled Holiday” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then if (i) Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies to a particular date and (ii) such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday (disregarding references to “Valuation Business Day” and “Exercise Business 
Day” and construing references to the “Confirmation” to mean the relevant Final Terms) notwithstanding 
the provisions of limbs (A), (C) and (D) of the above sub-paragraph, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the Final Terms, which may be: 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Fiscal Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and 
under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period. 
(4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, “Compounding” is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
151 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
“Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in the relevant 
Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the “Compounding Method” 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or  
(iii) 
“Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in the relevant 
Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
In connection with any Compounding specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to: 
(i) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Day 
Count Fraction;  
(ii) 
“Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
(iii) 
“Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(iv) 
“Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(v) 
“Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is specified 
to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition 
of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, Applicable Business Days, Compounding with Lockout, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Lockout Period 
Business Days, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Successor Benchmark, Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, 
Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the ISDA Definitions) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant Series. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is determined by 
linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
a) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
152 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
indicated in the Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) or the Specified Time in the principal 
financial centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the Euro-zone inter-
bank market if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which 
will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) (or, as the 
case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
153 
 
 
 
 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be applied 
on the basis of the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (y) above, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) 
determines on or prior to the Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Trigger 
Event has occurred, Condition 3(b)(iii) shall apply. 
b) 
Provisions specific to SONIA reference rate 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA 
Lookback Compound or SONIA Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or 
(y) if SONIA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where: 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (it being understood that reference rate for the calculation of interest is the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on 
the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
ni means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day (“i+1”);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
154 
 
 
 
 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
SONIAi-pLBD, means for any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
SONIA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for the calculation of interest is the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SONIAi×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day, in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
that is a number of London Banking Days equal to the number of Observation Shift 
Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA in respect of that London Banking Day “i”. 
Where: 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
SONIA, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
If, in respect of a relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
155 
 
 
 
 
Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five (5) days 
on which a SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as 
to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
c) 
Provisions specific to SOFR reference rate  
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Note, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR 
Lockout Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound or SOFR Observation Shift Compound as 
follows: 
(x) if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-SOFR-
LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); 
(y) if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below be USD-SOFR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any); or 
(z) if SOFR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will; subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
where: 
USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
156 
 
 
 
 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a SOFR 
Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
SOFR Interest Reset Date means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but 
excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Period, will be the 
SOFR with respect to SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest)and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
157 
 
 
 
 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
SOFRi-pUSGSBD means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination 
Time); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not appear as 
specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in 
respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
USD-SOFR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
158 
 
 
 
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, 
but excluding the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
SOFRi means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i”; 
SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such date as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(b) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (a), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
those provisions, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
159 
 
 
 
 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
or approval from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
As used herein: 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR, as defined above; provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenor, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
160 
 
 
 
 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2)  
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(1)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(2)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark; or 
(3)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative, that the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either 
generally or in respect of the Notes. 
ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions 
will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2021 ISDA Definitions as supplemented from 
time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time all as determined as of the 
date of the relevant determination under this Condition; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of Benchmark Transition Event with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the 
time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
161 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
d)  
Provisions specific to SHIBOR reference rate 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by 
China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the 
authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business 
day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate 
for the corresponding period. 
If Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate 
determined by the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in 
the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead of the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong 
Branch) on the following basis:  
(i) 
if, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that 
rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR 
in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii) 
if for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof; 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (ii) above, if the Issuer acting by and through its Hong 
Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent instead 
of the Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch) determines on or prior to 
the Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred in 
respect of SHIBOR, Condition 4(b)(iii) shall apply. 
e) 
Provisions specific to €STR reference rate 
When €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either €STR 
Lookback Compound or €STR Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or 
(y) if €STR Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be €STR-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where:

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
162 
 
 
 
 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
€STRi-pT2BD×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
  
Where: 
  
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
€STRi-pT2BD means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
ni for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business in the relevant Interest Period; 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
€STR-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ €STRi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
€STRi means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR in respect of that T2 Business Day “i”; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day, in 
the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
163 
 
 
 
 
ni means for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following T2 Business Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date that is 
a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and no €STR 
Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business Day 
shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended 
Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate of €STR for each relevant 
T2 Business Day on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining term to 
maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each 
relevant T2 Business Day on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references 
to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR, or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and there is no published ECB Recommended Rate nor 
Modified EDFR available, as if references to €STR for each relevant T2 Business Day on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though 
substituting, in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).  
For the purpose of this Condition: 
ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
164 
 
 
 
 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
d) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
ECB €STR Guideline means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 
10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
EDFR means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks 
may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank 
and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank; 
EDFR Spread means: 
c) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
d) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty 
(30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
€STR means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 
subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
165 
 
 
 
 
c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
d) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or 
will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
Modified EDFR means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
Website of the European Central Bank means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
f) Provisions specific to TONA reference rate 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either TONA 
lookback Compound, TONA Observation Shift Compound as follows: 
(x) if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); or  
(y) if TONA Observation Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
Where: 
TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND means, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is the 
arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1+
TONAi-pTBD×ni
365
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
166 
 
 
 
 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
do is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Tokyo Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from and 
including such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking 
Day (“i+1”); and 
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the Final Terms; 
p means, in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days included 
in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
TONAi-pTBD, means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo Banking Days prior to 
the relevant Tokyo Banking Day “i”.  
TONA-OBSERVATION-SHIFT-COMPOUND means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is 
the arithmetic mean of the daily rates of the day-to-day interbank JPY market in Tokyo) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ TONAi×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
do means for any Observation Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking 
Day, in the relevant Observation Period; 
ni means for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
that is a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
TONAi means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i”.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
167 
 
 
 
 
Where: 
Tokyo Banking Day or TBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
TONA, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Tokyo 
Overnight Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of Japan 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day. 
If, in respect of a relevant Tokyo Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) determines 
that the TONA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first 
preceding Tokyo Banking Day for which the TONA was published by the Bank of Japan or such 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to TONA, 
Condition 3(b)(iii) below shall apply. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
g) 
Provisions specific to SARON reference rate 
When SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of 
the secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SARONi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where:

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
168 
 
 
 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
ni means, for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” to, but excluding, the first 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
Observation Period means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period; 
Observation Shift Days means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
Relevant Screen Page Time means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the close of trading 
on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, 
which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); 
SARON, means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for 
such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
SARONi for any Zurich Banking Day “i”, is equal to SARON in respect of that Zurich Banking 
Day “i”; and 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and no SARON Event and no SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Screen Page Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day: 
(iii) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, SARON shall be the SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the 
SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking 
Day; or 
(iv) if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, SARON shall be the policy rate of the 
Swiss National Bank (the SNB Policy Rate) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect 
to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB 
Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes.

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
169 
 
 
 
 
In connection with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(g), the following definitions apply: 
SARON Administrator means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor administrator of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the SARON, or the SARON Administrator has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the SARON to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Notes; 
SARON Administrator Website means the website of the SARON Administrator; 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date means the earliest of: 
(iv) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the SARON;  
(v) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
subparagraph (iii) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (x) the date of such statement 
or publication, (y) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date 
on which the SARON will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in subparagraph (iv) of the definition thereof has occurred 
on or prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this subparagraph, 
the date as of which the SARON may no longer be used; and 
(vi) in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event or a SARON 
Index Cessation Event described in subparagraph (iv) of the definition thereof, the date 
as of which the SARON may no longer be used;  
SARON Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(v) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the SARON, 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SARON; or 
(vi) a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the SARON 
Administrator, the central bank for the Swiss Franc, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the SARON Administrator, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the SARON 
Administrator, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
SARON Administrator, which states that the SARON Administrator, has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SARON, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SARON; or 
(vii) a public statement by the supervisor of the SARON Administrator that, in the view of 
such supervisor, SARON is no longer representative of an underlying market or the 
methodology to calculate the SARON has materially changed; or 
(viii) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it 
is actually defined or described in the definition of the SARON) following which the 
SARON may no longer be used; 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication 
of the SARON, the discontinuation of the SARON, or the prohibition of use of the SARON, and 
not the date of the relevant public statement.

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
170 
 
 
 
 
“SARON Event” means the occurrence of a SARON Administrator/Benchmark Event or a 
SARON Index Cessation Event;  
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
(iii) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to 
which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(iv) if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the SARON with such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices 
for fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organized in 
the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates 
that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform 
reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the “SARON 
Recommending Body”); 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto;  
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be 
applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account the historical median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year 
period ending on the date on which the SARON Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
h) 
Provisions specific to SORA reference rate 
When SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
rate of return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Singapore dollar as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
171 
 
 
 
 
(∏(1 + SORA𝑖−pSBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of days in the relevant Interest Period; 
d0 means the number of Singapore Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant Singapore 
Banking Days in chronological order from (and including) the first Singapore Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
ni means, for any Singapore Banking Day i in the relevant Interest Period, the number of 
calendar days from and including such Singapore Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the first 
following Singapore Banking Day (i+1);  
Observation Look-Back Period is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
p means in relation to any Interest Period, the number of Singapore Banking Day included in the 
Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Singapore Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or gazetted public 
holiday) on which commercial banks settle payments in Singapore; 
“SORAi-pSBD” for any Singapore Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SORA in respect of the Singapore Banking Day falling “p” Singapore Banking Day prior to the 
relevant Singapore Banking Day “i”; and 
SORA means, in respect of any Singapore Banking Day, the daily Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average rate for such Singapore Banking Day as provided by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (or a successor administrator of SORA) to authorised distributors (the “SORA 
authorised distributors”) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) on the 
Singapore Banking Day immediately following such Singapore Banking Day. If, in respect of any 
Singapore Banking Day, the applicable SORA is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or has not been otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors) by 5.00 p.m. 
Singapore time, then the SORA in respect of such Singapore Banking Day shall be the SORA 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Singapore Banking Day on which the SORA was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by the SORA authorised distributors). 
If, in respect of a relevant Singapore Banking Day, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
determines that the SORA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant SORA authorised distributors, such SORA shall be the SORA in 
respect of the first preceding Singapore Banking Day for which the SORA was published by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (or a successor administrator of SORA) or such SORA 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
172 
 
 
 
 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to SORA, 
Condition 3(b)(iii) shall apply. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Trigger Event in relation to Floating Rate Notes (except for SONIA, SOFR 
€STR and SARON reference rates Notes and when ISDA determination is applicable) 
 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with paragraph (D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iii) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(iii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate Determination 
Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and, in either case, any 
Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC 
criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully 
or partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated 
Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date,  
then the Issuer may decide that no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as the case may 
be, will be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period will be equal to the Original Reference Rate last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the last available Original 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
173 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(iii)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (C)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 3(b)(iii)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3(b)(iii) and the Rate Determination Agent determines (i) that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with paragraph (E) vary these Terms and 
Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments 
(as the case may be), determined under this Condition 3(b)(iii) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative of the Masse (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
174 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional provisions in relation to Floating Rate Notes  
In these Terms and Conditions:  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, 
the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the Final Terms 
as being other than EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, SORA or TONA, as the case may be, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as provided in the Final Terms. 
In the Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that the rate is determined by linear 
interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(v) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Rate Multiplier 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii)(A), if the Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
If the Final Terms specify a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, subject always to the 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
If n/N or nb/Nb is specified as the Rate Multiplier in the Final Terms, the following definitions shall apply: 
n means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Benchmark 
was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
N means the total number of calendar days within the relevant Interest Period. 
nb means the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Benchmark was equal to or greater than the Lower Limit and equal to or lower than the Upper Limit, in 
each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Nb means the total number of Business Days within the relevant Interest Period. 
Lower Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
Benchmark means, in respect of any calendar day (in respect of the definition of n) or, as applicable, 
Business Day (in respect of the definition of nb) of the relevant Interest Period: 
– 
if EURIBOR is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page, 
EURIBOR will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
175 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option "EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for 
a period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any 
Reset Date). 
– 
if EUR-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date), and appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) under 
the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – FRF" and above the caption "11:00 AM FRANKFURT". If on 
any Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX2 Page, EUR-CMS 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate 
Option "EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a 
period of the Designated Maturity specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset 
Date). 
– 
if USD-CMS is specified as the applicable Benchmark in the Final Terms, the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate for such day that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if it were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which the Floating Rate 
Option is "USD-ISDA-Swap Rate" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the 
Designated Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date), and 
appearing on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page as at 11.00 a.m. (New York time). If on any 
Benchmark Day, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page, USD-CMS will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the Floating Rate Option 
"USD-CMS-Reference Banks" (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for a period of the Designated 
Maturity as specified in the Final Terms (without reference to any Reset Date). 
For the purposes hereof, the value of the Benchmark on any calendar day of the relevant Interest Period 
which is not a Benchmark Day shall be deemed to be the value ascribed to the Benchmark on the first 
preceding Benchmark Day. 
Benchmark Day means, if the relevant Benchmark is: 
– 
EURIBOR or EUR-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the T2 is 
operating; and 
– 
USD-CMS, any days (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in New York City. 
Upper Limit means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the limit specified in the Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined in respect of a Floating Rate Note, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same (but in no event later than the first 
Business Day after such calculation). 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes in respect of each Note for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding nominal amount of each Note, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit (defined below) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
176 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after the calculation or determination thereof 
(provided that, in the case of notification to any stock exchange, such notice will be given by no later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period or, if that is impossible due to the date fixed for such 
determination or calculation, as soon as practicable on or after such date). Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically change from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, from a floating rate to a fixed rate from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or from a floating 
rate to another floating rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If "Zero Coupon Notes" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, this Condition 3(d) shall apply. 
The Final Terms will specify the accrual yield (the Accrual Yield), the reference price (the Reference 
Price) and the Day Count Fraction in relation to Early Redemption Amounts and late payment (pursuant 
to the provisions of Conditions 5(j) and 5(m)). 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is redeemed or becomes due and repayable, the amount due and repayable 
(the Amortised Face Amount) shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms (compounded annually) being 
applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and notified in accordance with Condition 13 and 14, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if applicable) from the due date for its redemption unless, (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
be calculated and to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the relevant Rate of Interest until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) calendar days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Certain definitions relating to the calculation of interest 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period, Day Count Fraction means 
the following (provided that, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction 
applicable to Floating Rate Notes denominated in euro shall be Actual/360):

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
177 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period, divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period, falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period, falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period, falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
178 
 
 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period, divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period, falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period, 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the, Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the, Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the, Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period, falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
Furthermore, for the purposes of this Condition 3: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, and is the spread, 
formula or methodology that: 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
179 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or to the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions 
to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the 
Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate, as the case may be. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means that, based on publicly available information, any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as the case 
may be, or the administrator or sponsor of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn 
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the 
Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate, as 
the case may be, to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes;  
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(a)(iii)(B) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with Condition 3(b)(iii)(B) and which is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b)(iii)(D); 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Bloomberg Treasury Screen means page USTI on the Bloomberg L.P. service or any successor 
service or such other page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying 
actively traded United States Treasury Securities; 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional 
Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney and, 
if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal) or (y) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open (a T2 Business Day). In these Terms and 
Conditions, T2 means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
180 
 
 
 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
First Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or U.S. Treasury Rate 
or Reference Bond Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the case may be;  
First Reset Rate of Interest means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the First Reset Rate and the First Margin, adjusted 
as necessary; 
H.15(519) means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519), or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
 
Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), annoncing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the central bank 
for the currency of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate 
or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case 
may be), or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may 
be), which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate (as the case may be), has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original 
Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) is no longer representative of 
an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate or Original 
Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) has materially changed; or 
(iv) 
any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is 
actually defined or described in the definition of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate (as the case may be)) in relation to which a priority fallback is specified;

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
181 
 
 
 
 
provided that the Index Cessation Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), the discontinuation of the 
Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), or the prohibition of use 
of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be), and not the date 
of the relevant public statement. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3; 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Initial Reference Bond Rate means the rate specified in the Final Terms; 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date, if 
any; 
Interest Payment Date means the date(s) specified as an Interest Payment Date in the Final Terms; 
Issue Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. On the Issue Date, the relevant 
clearing systems debit and credit accounts in accordance with instructions received by them; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), or such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry 
shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, and is the spread, formula or methodology that: 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate); 
(ii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Mid-
Swap Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied); 
(iii) 
the Rate Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
182 
 
 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as the case may be. 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(a)(iii)(D); 
Mid-Swap 
Benchmark 
Trigger 
Event 
means 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
or 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means in connection with a specified currency, the 
Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms which, unless otherwise specified therein, shall be 
EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(x) 
(a) 
if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(y) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide it 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only two 
relevant quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the Mid-
Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the Mid-
Swap Rate shall be the last available Mid-Swap Rate.

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
183 
 
 
 
 
(z) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph (y) above, if the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Mid-Swap Rate, as specified in the Final Terms) 
determines on or prior to the Reset Determination Date that a Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred, Condition 3(a)(iii) shall apply.  
Original Mid-Swap Rate means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final Terms; 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
Rate Determination Agent means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) an affiliate of the Issuer or (iv) the Calculation Agent (except when the Calculation Agent is Société 
Générale), accepting such role; 
Reference Banks means, the office in the principal centre of the jurisdiction of the relevant Reference 
Rate of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market (which will be the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market in the case of a determination of EURIBOR) in 
each case selected by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent or as specified in the Final Terms; 
Reference Bond means, for any Reset Period, the Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if 
no Reference Bond is specified hereon or if the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at 
the relevant time, such government security or securities issued by the government of the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity date comparable with the last day of the 
relevant Reset Period and that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
Reference Bond Dealer means each of four banks (selected by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent), or their affiliates, which are primary government securities dealers or market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issuances denominated in the Specified Currency; 
Reference Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference 
Bond Dealer; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, (a) the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than 
four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations or (c) if the 
Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation, the Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotation obtained or (d) if the Calculation Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
Reference Bond Rate shall be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, 
the Reference Bond Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the 
First Reset Period, the Initial Reference Bond Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Reference Bond Rate means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for such 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate;

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
184 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as 
applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
(the FSB) or any part thereof; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page or the source in each case specified in the Final Terms or such 
successor page or source determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Relevant Time means the time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Reset Date means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
Reset Period means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant 
Reset Determination Date, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date. If 
at least three such Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations are provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only two Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury 
Rate Quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotations provided, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If only one Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate 
Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate will be 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation provided, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If no Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation is provided to the Calculation Agent, 
the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be deemed to be the 
last available U.S. Treasury Rate determined by the Calculation Agent according to the provisions of 
limbs (a) and (b) of the definition of “U.S. Treasury Rate” below; 
Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Period and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the secondary market bid price provided by the Reset Reference Bank for the Reset 
United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such Reset 
Determination Date; 
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(i) 
If Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of five (four, in the case of Notes 
denominated in Singaporean dollars) leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely;

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
185 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
If U.S. Treasury Rate is specified in the Final Terms as the First Reset Rate or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary 
United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars in New York City, 
in each case, as selected by the Issuer in its discretion after consultation with the Calculation Agent; 
Reset United States Treasury Securities means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, 
a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve (12) months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in such 
United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date; 
Subsequent Reset Rate means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the Mid-Swap Rate or 
U.S. Treasury Rate or Reference Bond Rate (or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms), as the 
case may be; 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Subsequent Reset Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
Sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.; 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
U.S. Treasury Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield (bid) for the United States Treasury Securities for a designated maturity equal to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period, as that yield is displayed on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (a) above is not published on the Bloomberg Treasury 
Screen on such Reset Determination Date, the yield for the United States Treasury Securities 
at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity equal to the duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, as published in the H.15(519) under the caption “treasury constant maturities 
(nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank U.S. Treasury Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date; 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis.

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
186 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Rounding generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, such amounts will, if 
necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3, by the Fiscal Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest error 
or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) the 
other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant 
Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to accounts (denominated in the 
relevant currency) with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments 
validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Bank will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, in payments made in: 
(A) 
a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
denominated in the relevant Specified Currency or an account on which the Specified Currency 
may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by 
a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall 
be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal); and 
(B) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6. 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, 
its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). Payments under paragraph (i) 
made, at the option of the bearer of such Note or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered to an

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
187 
 
 
 
 
address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and 
regulations, such payments made by transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account 
maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. No payment in respect of any 
Definitive Materialised Note or Coupon will be made upon presentation of such Definitive Materialised 
Note or Coupon at any office or agency of the Issuer or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor will 
any such payment be made by transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
Where any Floating Rate Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may decide. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payment on Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
In the case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall 
supplement and modify the French Law Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Notes, 
including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which shall at all times be a 
bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to 
Swiss capital market customs and payment instructions and providing for the appointment of Swiss 
Paying Agents to act as paying agents in Switzerland for such Notes. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer 
will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments.  
(e) 
Payment Business Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment on (i) if “Following” is specified in the Final

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
188 
 
 
 
 
Terms, the next following Payment Business Day or (ii) if “Modified Following” is specified in the Final 
Terms, the next following Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment 
Business Day, in the relevant place. In the event that any adjustment is made to the date for payment 
in accordance with this Condition 4(e), the relevant amount due in respect of any Note or Coupon shall 
not be affected by any such adjustment. For these purposes, Payment Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions 
as shall be specified as Additional Financial Centres in the Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the 
case of a payment in euro, on which the T2 is open. 
(f) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 4, Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of payments to be made in euro, in a city in which banks have access to the 
T2. 
(g) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “principal” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “interest” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6. 
(h) 
Currency unavailability 
This paragraph shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note or Coupon in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer due to the imposition of 
exchange controls, the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or any other circumstances beyond 
the control of the Issuer (Currency Unavailability). In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Issuer 
will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the holder of such Note or Coupon by making payment in euro 
or U.S. dollars on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in 
exchange for euro or U.S. dollars (as applicable) in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris 
time, four (4) Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate 
is not available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date. Any payment made in euro or 
U.S. dollars (as applicable) in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default. 
(i) 
Provisions specific to CNY currency event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists on a date for payment of any amount in

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
189 
 
 
 
 
respect of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer may determine one or more of the following, and require the 
Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute 
discretion: 
(i) 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to ten (10) Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as determined 
by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter;  
(ii) 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be replaced 
by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate 
Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good faith by the 
Calculation Agent); and 
(iii) 
by giving notice to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions, 
the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders in accordance with the Conditions stating the occurrence of 
the CNY Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(i): 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between CNY and the Relevant Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-
deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
CNY Currency Events means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability and CNY 
Inconvertibility. 
CNY Illiquidity means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of 
which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to make a payment or 
perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
CNY Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from CNY as may be 
required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date or such other amount as may 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to 
the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted 
by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of 
the relevant Series of Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
CNY Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong 
or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant 
affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
190 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Currency means U.S. Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such other currency as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on the Maturity Date (which, in the case of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes 
shall be at least five (5) years after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche) at its final redemption amount 
as specified in the Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency (the Final Redemption Amount).  
The Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with one of the following paragraphs: 
(i) Final Redemption Amount: at par 
(ii) Final Redemption Amount: a fixed amount per Specified Denomination or Calculation Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event 
(i) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event 
(x) 
Upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any 
time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j) as the case may be) and having 
given not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable 
notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption 
Amount, as provided in Condition 5(l), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, provided that such notice shall be given no earlier than ninety 
(90) calendar days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Withholding Tax Event means that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of any such Notes (and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it). 
(y) 
Upon the occurrence of a Special Tax Event (as defined below) the Issuer may, at any time, at 
its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j) as the case may be) and having given not 
less than seven (7) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as 
provided in Condition 5(l), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount without withholding for such taxes. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Special Tax Event means that the Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment of 
interest in respect of the Notes and/or the Coupons, be prevented by the law of a Tax 
Jurisdiction from causing payment to be made to the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the 
full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
in respect of interest (and not principal) as provided in Condition 6.

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
191 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event with respect to 
Subordinated Notes 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes 
the Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(iii)) and having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 5(l), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable 
being tax deductible for French corporate income tax purposes (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
A Tax Deductibility Event means that if by reason of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations, or any other material change in the tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes, any 
interest payment under the Subordinated Notes was but is no longer (whether in whole or in part) tax-
deductible by the Issuer for French corporate income tax purposes (impôts sur les bénéfices des 
sociétés) purposes or the amount which was deductible by the Issuer on any interest payment under 
the Notes for French corporate income tax purposes, is materially reduced. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a Tax Deductibility Event, a Withholding Tax Event 
and a Special Tax Event are each referred to as a Tax Event. 
(c) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes  
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer may, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(iii)) and having given 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided 
in Condition 5(l), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:  
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms of 15 May 2014 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 
(the BRRD II));  
Capital Event means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Subordinated 
Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of 
any applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital; 
Capital Requirements Directive means the Directive (EU) 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on access to the activity of credit institutions and prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital 
Requirements Directive V));

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
192 
 
 
 
 
Capital Requirements Regulation means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 
26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the Capital Requirements Regulation II); 
CRD means the Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation; 
Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; 
Relevant Rules means the capital rules from time to time as applied by the Regulator and as amended 
from time to time including the implementation of the CRD and/or the BRRD; 
Special Event means any of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deductibility Event or a 
Special Tax Event; 
Tier 2 Capital means capital which is treated as a constituent of Tier 2 by the then current requirements 
of the Regulator for the purposes of the Issuer.  
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event  
If “MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, at any time, 
at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)) and having given not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than forty-five (45) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes in whole but 
not in part at their Early Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(l), together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event means a change in the classification of the Notes under the 
MREL or TLAC Requirements, that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of 
the Notes, and that would be likely to result in or has resulted in the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds or eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements 
(as called or defined by the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable 
to the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the own funds or 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event. 
MREL or TLAC Requirements means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD and CRD, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the SRB as the case may be, and/or as per 
the FSB TLAC Term Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Redemption Option  
If a Residual Maturity Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j) as the case may be), 
at any time, on or after the Optional Redemption Date specified in the Final Terms and having given 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(k) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
193 
 
 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, no exercise of a Residual Maturity Redemption Option 
pursuant to this Condition will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Tier 2 
Capital Subordinated Notes. 
(f) 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to the Notes, 
and if at least 75 per cent. or any other percentage specified in the Final Terms (the Clean-up 
Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may (i) in the case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date and (ii) in the case of Notes other 
than Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j), 
as the case may be) and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), in 
accordance with Condition 13, to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, redeem 
the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in 
Condition 5(k) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(g) 
Make-Whole Redemption Option with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(i) as the case 
may be), at any time (the Make-Whole Redemption Date) and having given not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice period as specified 
in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in accordance with 
Condition 13, redeem the outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole but not in part, at their Make-
Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below).  
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice (i.e. the Make-Whole Redemption Date) in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such 
other agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) and 
equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal 
and interest on such Senior Preferred Notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date or, if such all option 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the earlier of either the first date of the exercise 
of any Issuer Call Option or any Residual Maturity Call Option (excluding any interest accrued on the 
Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date, and assuming 
for this purpose that the Senior Preferred Notes would be scheduled to be redeemed in whole on the 
first date of the exercise of any Issuer Call Option or any Residual Maturity Call Option which may be 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date 
on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus 
in each case, any interest accrued on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.  
Make-Whole Redemption Margin means the margin as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
194 
 
 
 
 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Paris Time) (Reference Dealer 
Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the Final Terms.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13.  
Reference Dealers means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
Reference Screen Rate means the screen rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Security means the security as specified in the Final Terms.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation 
Agent (or such agent with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer, as person specified in the 
Final Terms) at 11:00 a.m. (Paris Time) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance 
with Condition 13.  
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent (or such other agent with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer, as specified in the Final Terms) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Issuer Call Option 
If an issuer call option (“Issuer Call Option”) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 5(j)), the Issuer may, at its option on any Optional Redemption Date and 
having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms) to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders, in accordance with Condition 13, redeem the Notes then outstanding, in whole 
or in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 5(k) together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and nor more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, both as specified in the Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes and the Coupons shall also contain the serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the 
option of the Issuer, either (i) by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal 
amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed) or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, 
the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
195 
 
 
 
 
Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the 
Code and the provisions of the Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements.  
With respect to any Senior Preferred Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5(h) shall be void and of no effect in relation to that Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such 
notice by the Issuer, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note had already delivered a Put Notice in 
relation to that Senior Preferred Note in accordance with Condition 5(i). 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes 
If a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the Final Terms with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(i)), the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes may at their option, on the relevant Optional Redemption Date, having given not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' prior irrevocable notice (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the Final Terms), to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13, require 
the redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer will redeem, in whole but not in part, such Senior Preferred 
Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at their Optional Redemption Amount, as provided in Condition 
5(k) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
Before the exercise of a Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be satisfied. 
To exercise the right to require the redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the holder of such Senior 
Preferred Note must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option 
exercise notice (the Put Notice) in the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, 
as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Put Notice shall 
have attached to it such Senior Preferred Note(s) (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note 
shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of 
the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice. 
If the Senior Preferred Note is a Materialised Note and is held through a Clearing System, to exercise 
the right to require redemption of the Senior Preferred Note, the holder of such Senior Preferred Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the Clearing System (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by such Clearing System or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by electronic means) 
in a form acceptable to such Clearing System from time to time and, if such Senior Preferred Note is 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate (as prescribed in the French Law Agency Agreement), 
at the same time present or procure the presentation of such Temporary Global Certificate to the Fiscal 
Agent for notation accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the right to require redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes in 
accordance with this Condition must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of the 
Clearing System and if there is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System, then the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System shall 
prevail. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Clearing System shall mean Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and/or any other clearing system or institution through which the Senior Preferred Notes 
are held for the time being and such shall include (where appropriate) any relevant central securities 
depository relating thereto. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Senior Preferred Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be:

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
196 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the Optional Redemption Date an Event of Default (if any) has 
occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Senior 
Preferred Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8; and 
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Senior Preferred Note if, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder: (A) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of its intention to effect a partial redemption of the Notes in a Series and such Senior Preferred 
Note had been selected for redemption (including, without limitation, pursuant to the application 
of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction in the nominal amount of all Senior Preferred Notes 
in a Series) or the redemption in full of some only of the Senior Preferred Notes in a Series), or 
(B) the Issuer had notified the Noteholders of its intention to redeem all of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in a Series then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f), 
Condition 5(g), or Condition 5(h). 
(j) 
Conditions to redemption, purchase or cancellation of Notes prior to the Maturity 
Date 
(i) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes  
Unless “Prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms, Senior Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled pursuant to: 
- 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(g) (Make-Whole Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(h) (Issuer Call Option),  
- 
Condition 5(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes), 
- 
Condition 5(m) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(n) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority (it being 
specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes for any purpose). 
(ii) 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled pursuant to:  
- 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Special Tax 
Event),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event),  
- 
Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option), 
- 
Condition 6(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(h) (Issuer Call Option), 
- 
Condition 5(m) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(n) (Cancellation),

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
197 
 
 
 
 
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority (it being 
specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under the relevant Notes for any purpose). 
(iii) 
With respect to Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes  
Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled pursuant to: 
- 
Condition 5(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- 
Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(h) (Issuer Call Option), 
- 
Condition 5(m) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(n) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, if all of the following conditions are met (according to Articles 77 and 78 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation, as amended or superseded from time to time): 
(i) 
the Regulator has given its prior permission to such redemption, purchase or cancellation, (as 
applicable) (it being specified that any refusal shall not constitute an event of default). 
The rules under the CRD prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Regulator to a request by the Issuer to reduce, repurchase, call or redeem the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes.  
In this respect, the CRD provides that the Regulator shall grant permission to a reduction, 
repurchase, call or redemption of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes provided that either of the 
following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption of Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces said Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the 
Issuer's income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such reduction, repurchase, call or redemption, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the CRD and the BRRD by a margin that the 
Regulator may consider necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRD provide that the Regulator may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem or purchase the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes before five (5) years after the Issue 
Date of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes if: 
(1) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (A) or (B) above are met; and 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Regulator 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of the issuance of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator that such Tax Event is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes;

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
198 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces such Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Regulator has permitted that action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(5) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no refusal of the Regulator to grant permission in accordance with 
Article 78 of the Capital Requirements Regulation shall constitute an event of default under any 
relevant Notes for any purpose. The rules under the CRD may be modified from time to time after 
the date of issuance of Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes. 
(iv) 
With respect to Disqualified Capital Notes  
To the extent the Disqualified Capital Notes (i) have not been fully excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as so called or defined by the then applicable laws 
and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer) or (ii) have been fully excluded from 
the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as so called or defined by the 
then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer) as a 
consequence of a residual maturity of less than one year, such Disqualified Capital Notes may only be 
redeemed, purchased, cancelled, substituted or varied pursuant to: 
- 
Condition 5(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), 
- 
Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- 
Condition 5(h) (Issuer Call Option), 
- 
Condition 5(m) (Purchases) and  
- 
Condition 5(n) (Cancellation),  
as the case may be, subject to the prior permission of the Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (it being specified that no refusal shall constitute an event of default under 
the relevant Notes for any purpose). 
(k) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of  
- Condition 5(e) (Residual Maturity Redemption Option),  
- Condition 5(f) (Clean-up Redemption Option),  
- Condition 5(h) (Issuer Call Option) and/or 
- Condition 5(i) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders with respect to Senior Preferred Notes), 
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on any date or dates as specified in the Final Terms 
(the Optional Redemption Date(s)) or on the date specified in the relevant notice, and at the amount 
(the Optional Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in, or determined in the

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
199 
 
 
 
 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Optional Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the 
Final Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the Optional 
Redemption Date of the Notes so redeemed, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes 
and shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem 
the fair market value to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which 
would, but for such optional redemption, have fallen due after the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. In respect of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding Condition 8(a), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph 
shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date and 
apart from any such interest included in the Optional Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued 
or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(l) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of: 
- Condition 5(b) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),  
- Condition 5(c) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Event with respect to Subordinated 
Notes),  
- Condition 5(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), and  
- Condition 8 (Events of Default), 
as the case may be, the Notes will be redeemed on the date specified in the relevant notice (it being 
understood that such date shall be an Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate Notes) at the 
amount (the Early Redemption Amount) calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price, at the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at the Amortised Face Amount; or  
(iv) 
in the case of Notes with an Early Redemption Amount specified as “Market Value” in the Final 
Terms, at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the 
redemption of the Notes, shall represent the fair market value of the Notes and shall have the 
effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to redeem the fair market value 
to the Noteholders) of preserving for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Notes which would, but for such early 
redemption, have fallen due after the relevant early redemption date. In respect of Notes bearing 
interest, notwithstanding Condition 8(a), the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this paragraph shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
200 
 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever 
will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than a full year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction, if applicable, specified in the Final Terms. 
(m) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase at any price in the 
open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations: 
- Senior Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(i), unless “Prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms; 
- Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(ii); 
- Disqualified Capital Notes subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(iv); 
- Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes: 
(x) for purposes other than market making, subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j)(iii), in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 
(y) for market making purposes provided that the total principal amount of the Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes so purchased (together with the principal amount of any Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes previously so purchased) does not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. of 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes (including 
such further Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 14), or (ii) 3 per 
cent. of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
Notes so purchased (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are purchased therewith) by or on behalf of the Issuer may be 
held and resold in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations. 
(n) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall be cancelled 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j), as the case may be) forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto), in the case of Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering each such Note (together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto) to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(o) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note, 
pursuant to this Condition 5 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 8, as the 
case may be, is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 3(d) up to (but excluding) the 
date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid. 
6. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of any present or future Notes and/or any present or future Coupons

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
201 
 
 
 
 
relating thereto shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
In the event that any payments of interest (and not principal) by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of any present or future Notes or any present or future Coupons relating thereto 
are required to be withheld or deducted for, or on behalf of, any Tax Jurisdiction, the 
Issuer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such additional amount as may be 
necessary, in order that each Noteholder or Couponholder, after withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges, will receive the full amount 
then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment by or on behalf of 
a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or related Coupon by reason of his being 
connected with France other than by the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than thirty 
(30) calendar days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting such Note or related Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4(e)); or 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
nor offered to the public, if the Final Terms indicate that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment and is required to 
be made pursuant to treaties executed or laws enacted by Switzerland providing 
for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid down in 
the former Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income (as 
amended), in particular the principle to have a person other than the Issuer to 
withhold or deduct the tax, such as, without limitation, any paying agent; or 
(v) 
in the case of the Materialised Notes, presented for payment by or on behalf of 
a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by 
presenting such Note or related Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the European Union; or 
(vi) 
in case of a Special Tax Event, as described in Condition 5(b); or 
(vii) 
by reason of the Noteholder being domiciled or established, or receiving 
payments made under the Notes on an account open, in a non-cooperative State 
or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of article 238-0 
A of French Code général des impôts other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis 
of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
Tax Jurisdiction means France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(B) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent 
(or, in the case of Materialised Notes, the holders of such Materialised Notes) on or prior to

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
202 
 
 
 
 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders and the Couponholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
7. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes and any Coupons 
related thereto shall be prescribed and become void within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
8. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
If “Events of Default” are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the holder of any Senior Preferred 
Notes may give written notice to the Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with, if appropriate and subject as otherwise provided herein, interest accrued to the date of 
repayment, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an Event of Default): 
(i) 
default by the Issuer is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of the 
Notes of a Series or any of them and such default continues for a period of thirty (30) calendar 
days; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes of a given Series and (except in any case where such failure is 
incapable of remedy when no such continuation as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for a period of sixty (60) calendar days next following the service on the 
Issuer of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or any other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor or similar official, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer 
shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
Otherwise, there will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, and the holders of 
such Senior Preferred Notes and/or the holders of any related Coupons will not be able to accelerate 
the term of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Coupons. 
In any case, in accordance with Condition 2(a)(A), if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together 
with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further formality. 
(b) 
No Event of Default with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes 
There will be no Event of Default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Subordinated Noteholders and/or the holders of any related 
Coupons will not be able to accelerate the term of their Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or any related 
Coupons or Subordinated Notes. 
In accordance with Condition 2(a)(B) and Condition 2(b) if any judgment shall be issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
203 
 
 
 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their 
principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon to the date of payment, without any further 
formality. 
9. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note (and/or any Coupon or Talon 
appertaining thereto) is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note (and/or any Coupon or Talon 
appertaining thereto) is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes (and/or, as the case may be, Coupons or further Coupons 
appertaining thereto)) and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Materialised Notes (and/or any Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto) must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that (except with respect to Materialised Notes) there will at all times be: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another 
relevant authority, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
and 
(ii) 
a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a city in continental 
Europe; and 
(iii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require; and 
(iv) 
a Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require; and 
(v) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent; and 
(vi) 
a Fiscal Agent. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than thirty (30) nor more than forty-five 
(45) calendar days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders (in accordance with Condition 13), which notice shall be irrevocable. 
In relation to Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent having a specified office in Switzerland (which shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer 
that is subject to supervision by the FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency 
Agreement. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(f) with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall 
ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent 
in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
11. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
204 
 
 
 
 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. Each Talon shall, for the purposes 
of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
12. 
Meeting and voting provisions  
In respect of meetings of, and votings by, the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply: 
(A) 
references to a General Meeting are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a 
single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned 
meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to Notes and Noteholders are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which 
a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, 
respectively; 
(C) 
outstanding means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(i) 
those Notes which have been purchased or redeemed and cancelled; 
(ii) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption 
and any interest (if any) payable after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders) and remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant 
Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes which have been surrendered and 
cancelled and in respect of which replacements have been issued; 
(iv) 
those Materialised Notes which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and 
in respect of which replacements have been issued; and 
(v) 
any Temporary Bearer Global Certificate to the extent that it has been exchanged for 
Definitive Materialised Notes;  
(vi) 
provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those Notes (if 
any) which are for the time being held by any person (including but not limited to the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be 
outstanding; 
(D) 
Resolution means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed (x) at 
a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) by a Written 
Resolution; and 
(a) 
No Masse 
In respect of Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the Final Terms specify “No 
Masse”, the following meeting and voting provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the Code, (a) the Noteholders shall not be grouped in a masse having 
separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the noteholders (représentant 
de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however, (b) the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders shall apply subject to the following:

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
205 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la masse”, 
“d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, “composant la 
masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée” or 
“par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions of the French Code de commerce 
relating to general meetings of noteholders, they shall be deemed to be deleted; and 
(B) 
General Meetings will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce, except 
for Article L.228-65 and all other Articles which are ancillary or consequential to such Article, 
the second paragraph of Article L.228-68, the second sentence of the first paragraph and the 
second paragraph of Article L. 228-71, Article R.228-69, Article R.228-79 and Article R.236-12 
of the French Code de commerce and subject to the following provisions: 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
A General Meeting shall have power:  
(A) 
to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders or any of them; 
(B) 
to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect of the rights of 
the Noteholders against the Issuer or against any of its or their property whether these rights 
arise under the Notes or otherwise; 
(C) 
to agree to any modification of the Conditions or the Notes which is proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
to authorize anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to a 
Resolution; 
(E) 
to give any authority or approval which is required to be given by Resolution; 
(F) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent 
the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any committee or committees any powers 
or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution provided that 
(a) persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of Articles L.228-49 and 
L.228-62 of the French Code de commerce and (b) persons to whom the practice of banker is 
forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of directing, administering or managing an 
enterprise in whatever capacity may not be so appointed; 
(G) 
to deliberate on any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in 
controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions; 
(H) 
to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or the conversion 
of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or 
any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly 
for or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above and partly for or into or in 
consideration of cash;  
(I) 
to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
the principal debtor in respect of the Notes;  
(J) 
to appoint a nominee to represent the Noteholders’ interests in the context of the insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer and more particularly file a proof of claim in the name of all Noteholders 
in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to 
Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such appointment of a 
nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request 
of any Noteholder will ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file 
the proof of Noteholders’ claim; and

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
206 
 
 
 
 
(K) 
to deliberate on any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits which 
now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
it being specified, however, that a General Meeting may not establish any unequal treatment between 
the Noteholders, and that the above provisions (in particular under (H) above) are without prejudice to 
the powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Regulator, provided that the special quorum 
provisions in paragraph (vi) shall apply to any Resolution (a Special Quorum Resolution) for the 
purpose of making a modification to the Notes which would have the effect of: 
(a) 
modify the Maturity Date of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount 
payable at maturity; or 
(b) 
reduce or cancel the amount payable or modify the payment date in respect of any interest in 
respect of the Notes or vary the method of calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Notes 
(other than as provided for in Condition 3); or 
(c) 
reduce any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the Final 
Terms; or 
(d) 
modify the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(e) 
modify the majority required to pass a Resolution; or 
(f) 
sanctioning any scheme or proposal described in paragraph (H) above; or 
(g) 
alter this proviso. 
For the avoidance of doubt a General Meeting has no power to decide on:  
(x) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets (apports 
partiels d’actifs) of or by the Issuer;  
(y) the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) to a different 
Member State of the European Union; or 
(z) the decrease of the share capital of the Issuer for reasons other than to compensate losses suffered 
by the Issuer. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 
IV of the Code, all the rights and prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described 
under (x) to (z) above, including the right to object (former opposition) to the transactions described 
under (x) to (z). 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time on convocation by the Issuer. One or more Noteholders, 
holding together at least one tenth (10 per cent.) of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has 
not been convened within seven (7) calendar days after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting and determine its agenda. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting.  
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders as provided mutatis mutandis 
by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article R.228-68 of the French 
Code de commerce).

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
207 
 
 
 
 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of their members to be chairman (the 
“Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of any quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of Notes and present 
at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the meeting from 
which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum, Adjournment and Voting 
The quorum at any meeting for passing a Resolution shall be one or more Noteholders present and 
holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one twentieth (5 per cent.) in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which includes 
any Special Quorum Resolution, the quorum shall be one or more Noteholders present and holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after 
the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be dissolved. In any other case, it 
shall be adjourned for a period being not less than ten (10) calendar days nor more than fifteen 
(15) calendar days and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Fiscal Agent. If 
within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after the 
time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular 
business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present, the Chairman may either dissolve the meeting or adjourn it for a period, being not 
less than ten (10) calendar days (but without any maximum number of calendar days) and to a place 
as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after the adjourned meeting) and approved by the 
Fiscal Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Noteholders present (whatever the nominal amount of the Notes 
so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum and shall (subject as 
provided below) have power to pass any Resolution, any Special Quorum Resolution or other resolution 
and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place had the required quorum been present. 
Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in accordance with Condition 13 but not less than five 
(5) calendar days prior to the date of a General Meeting. 
Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or 
represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a Resolution other than a Special Quorum 
Resolution and by 75 per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending or represented at such 
General Meetings for the approval of a Special Quorum Resolution. 
(vii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, instead of the holding of a General Meeting, to

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
208 
 
 
 
 
seek approval of a Resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents 
in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-
46-1 and R.223-20-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (Electronic 
Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
given in accordance with Condition 13 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Resolution (the Written Resolution Date). Notices seeking the approval of 
a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the 
case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in such Written Resolution 
or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution accordingly. 
(b) 
Full Masse 
If the Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, 
be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the 
Masse). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the Masse (the 
Representative) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (a General Meeting). The 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and 
subject to, the provisions of this paragraph (b). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and its alternate will be set out in the Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
Tranches in such Series. The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the Final Terms. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, 
an alternate will be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder of a 
Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
209 
 
 
 
 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of date, 
hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be given in accordance with Condition 13 not less 
than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five 
(5) calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de commerce, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the 
French Code de commerce (upon referral of Article R.228-68 of the French Code de commerce). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one Specified 
Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
Decisions relating to General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published in 
accordance with Condition 13. In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the 
decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change 
the objects or corporate form of the Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge 
or other security made respectively pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the 
Issuer to offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant 
to Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 will be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(a)(viii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each case, 
the Masse). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, 
pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce, of Article L.228-48, the second 
paragraph of Article L. 228-51, Article L.228-65, I, 1°, 3°, 4°, 6° the second sentence of the first 
paragraph of Article L.228-71 and Articles R.228-61, R.228-63, R.228-69, R.228-79 and R.236-14, and 
subject to the following provisions:  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through a general meeting of the Noteholders (the General Meeting). 
(ii) 
Representative of the Masse 
Condition 12(b)(ii) is deemed to be reproduced here, except for the first paragraph which shall be 
deemed to be replaced by the following: 
Pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions set out in Article L.228-51 of the French Code de 
commerce, the names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate may be set out in 
the Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. The Representative will 
be entitled to a remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in the Final Terms.  
(iii) 
General Meetings

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
210 
 
 
 
 
Condition 12(b)(iii) is deemed to be reproduced here, except for the last sentence of the last paragraph 
which shall be deemed to be replaced by the following: 
In accordance with Articles R.228-61, R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce, (i) the 
decision of a General Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the 
refusal of the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the objects or corporate form of the 
Issuer made pursuant to Article L.228-65, I, 1° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to offer to redeem Notes 
on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant to Articles L.236-14 and L.236-
23 will be published in accordance with Condition 13. 
(iv) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Condition 12(a)(viii) is deemed to be reproduced here.  
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder or (if there is one) the Representative thereof will have the right, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the day of each General Meeting, and, in the case of an adjourned 
General Meeting or a Written Resolution, the five (5) calendar days period preceding the holding of 
such General Meeting or the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the Resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports prepared in connection with 
such Resolutions, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting or Written Resolution. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, the calling and holding of General 
Meetings and seeking of a Written Resolution and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that, where 
the Final Terms specify “No Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the holders of Notes of the same 
Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been consolidated (assimilées for the 
purposes of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, 
shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes issued will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(g) 
Single Noteholder 
Whether the Final Terms specify “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, if and for so long as the Notes 
of any Series are held by a single Noteholder, the provisions of this Condition will not apply. Such single 
Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this capacity, shall provide copies 
of such decisions to the Issuer and shall make them available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of all or part of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code, the Issuer has the right to amend the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can only be traded in amounts of, 
at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of the Noteholders, in order to correct a 
mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, no consent or approval of the 
Noteholders shall be required in order to comply with or make any modifications or amendments to the 
Notes or the Agency Agreement as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable to 
reflect or incorporate requirements, regulations, pronouncements, orders or laws imposed, required by 
or issued pursuant to the Bail-in Power.

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
211 
 
 
 
 
Any proposed modification (other than as provided for in Condition 3) of any provisions of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes can only be effected subject to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in the case of Senior Notes, or the Regulator, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
to the extent required by the Relevant Rules.  
13. 
Notices  
(a) 
Notices regarding Notes other than Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
(i) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(a)(iii), all notices to the holders of Materialised 
Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form shall be deemed to be validly given if 
published: 
• 
so long as Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily 
financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos); or 
• 
in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times); or 
• 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers; or 
• 
on the Issuer's website (http://prospectus.socgen.com). 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) or (ii) in the case of publication 
on a website, on the date on which such notice is first posted on the relevant website. 
(ii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(a)(iii) and Condition 13(a)(iii), all notices to the 
holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be deemed to 
be validly given if either, (i) they are mailed or e-mailed to them at their respective 
addresses or electronic addresses, as the case may be, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) 
so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading 
daily financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (c) they are 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
(iii) 
Subject as provided in Condition 13(iv), notices required to be given to the holders of 
Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Terms 
and Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for 
the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 13(a)(i) and Condition 13(a)(ii). 
(iv) 
In the case of either Condition 13(a)(ii) or Condition 13(a)(iii), the Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
212 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Notices regarding Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
So long as Notes are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Swiss 
Exchange so require, all notices in respect of such Notes and any related Coupons will 
be validly given without cost to the holders of the Notes or such Coupons through the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent either: 
• 
by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange 
(www.six-swiss-exchange.com), where notices are currently published under the 
address 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-
exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/; or 
• 
otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Any notices so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication or if published more than once, on the first date of such publication.  
References in these Conditions to notices being made in accordance with Condition 13 
shall be deemed to include mutatis mutandis the terms of this Condition 13(b) in respect 
of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange.  
14. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders create and issue further notes carrying rights identical in all respects to those of 
outstanding Notes and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Interest 
Commencement Date, Issue Price and/or the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon), 
so that the same shall be consolidated (assimilées for French law purposes) and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes, provided that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring on or after the date specified for a redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 
1(f), on giving not less than 30 calendar days prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by it, whether or 
not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other notes 
have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
15. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 15, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), including on 
a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
213 
 
 
 
 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the Amounts Due are the prevailing outstanding amount of the Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no 
longer due. 
For these purposes, the Bail-in Power is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, the SRM Regulation), or otherwise arising under French 
law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a Regulated Entity is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the Code 
as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.  
A reference to the Relevant Resolution Authority is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the ACPR), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or 
any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to 
time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the SRM Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at 
the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to 
send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the 
validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described above. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
214 
 
 
 
 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) the French Law Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-
In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties 
under the French Law Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Notes following 
such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the French Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in 
Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
The matters set forth in this Condition 15 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a 
Note. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 15, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any Noteholder. 
16. 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly 
or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and 
liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any 
non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes, Receipt or Coupon) and 
each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 16 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for this 
Condition 16. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
17. 
No-Guarantee 
The Notes are neither secured, nor benefit from a guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances 
the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The French Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
215 
 
 
 
 
with the French Law Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and the French Law 
Agency Agreement and the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), may be brought 
before the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 228 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
216 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPS/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[PRIIPS/IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 3 August 2023 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]2 
“[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
 
1 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared, the legend should 
be included. 
2 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of at least €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 3 August 2023.

--- Page 229 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
217 
 
 
 
 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]2 
OR  
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
 
3 
Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 3 August 2023.

--- Page 230 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
218 
 
 
 
 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]3 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]4 
[Where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium is derived from the 
Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore 
through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt 
securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (the Singapore 
Income Tax Act), shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and profits of 
such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person whose interest, 
discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium which is derived from the Notes is not 
exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include such income in a return of 
income made under the Singapore Income Tax Act.]5 
 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
[Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41] 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(the Notes) 
under the 
Euro Medium Term Note – Paris Registered Programme 
(the Programme) 
Series no.: [●] 
Tranche no.: [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Managers(s)] 
 
 
4 
Legend to be included if the Notes are offered in Singapore. 
5 
Legend to be included if the Notes are intended to be “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the Income Tax 
Act.

--- Page 231 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
219 
 
 
 
 
[The following language applies only with respect to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
and where a Non-exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms, together the Prospectus) 
has been prepared on the basis that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of Notes 
in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a Member State) or in the United Kingdom 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below), from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending 
to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i)  
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or  
(ii)  
in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below, provided such 
person is an Authorised Offeror mentioned in Paragraph 10 of Part B below and that such offer 
is made during the Offer Period in Paragraph 10 of Part B below.  
With respect to any subsequent resale or final placement of Notes as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, the Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus and accepts responsibility for the content of 
the Prospectus. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]  
[The following language applies only with respect to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 
where offer other than a Non-exempt Offer of Notes is anticipated.] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms, together the Prospectus) 
has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (each, a Member State) or in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers 
of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes in that Member 
State or in the United Kingdom may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]

--- Page 232 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
220 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The following language applies only to English Law Registered Notes or French Law Dematerialised 
Notes which are specified in these Final Terms to be Permanently Restricted Notes.] 
[The Notes described herein are designated as Permanently Restricted Notes. As a result, they may 
not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and will not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
By its purchase of a Note, each purchaser will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have 
agreed that it may not resell or otherwise transfer any Note held by it except outside the United States 
in an offshore transaction to a person that is not a U.S. Person.] 
[The following language applies to all Notes which are not Permanently Restricted Notes.] 
[The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or for the account or benefit of 
U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. For a description of certain restrictions 
on offers and sales of Notes, see section headed "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth under the heading [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” / “Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes”] in the base prospectus dated 19 December 2023 which 
received approval no. 23-518 on 19 December 2023 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF)[, as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF 
on [●] [([together,] the Base Prospectus)][, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation).]6 
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]7 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]8 Copies of the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available 
for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any 
weekday from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents. [So long as 
Notes are outstanding, those documents will also be available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com)]9. [In addition,10 the Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a prospectus with an earlier date which was not incorporated by reference in this 
prospectus.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth 
under the heading ["Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" / "Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes"] of the base prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the AMF) on [●] (the [2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/January 
2017/December 
2017/2018/January 
2020/December 
2020/2021/2022] 
Conditions)[, 
as 
 
6 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
7 
Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
8 
Delete in the case of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
9 
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or offered to the public within the EEA. 
10 If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 233 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
221 
 
 
 
 
supplemented by [the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF 
on 31 July 2013/the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF 
on 26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF 
on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 which received visa no.19-191 from the AMF 
on 10 May 2019/the 1st supplement dated 11 February 2021 which received approval no. 21-029 from 
the AMF on 11 February 2021/the 2nd supplement dated 22 March 2021 which received approval no. 
21-075 from the AMF on 22 March 2021]]. The [2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/ January 
2017/December 2017/2018/January 2020/December 2020/2021/2022] Conditions)[, as supplemented 
by [the 6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 
2013/the 1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF on 
26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF 
on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 which received visa no.19-191 from the AMF 
on 10 May 2019/the 1st supplement dated 11 February 2021 which received approval no. 21-029 from 
the AMF on 11 February 2021/the 2nd supplement dated 22 March 2021 which received approval no. 
21-075 from the AMF on 22 March 2021], are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 
19 December 2023 which received approval no.23-518 on 19 December 2023 from the AMF [, as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●] 
[([together,] the Base Prospectus)][,which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation).]11.  
This document constitutes the final terms of the Notes (the Final Terms) described herein [for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation]12 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus (including the [2012/2014/2015/March 2016/December 2016/January 2017/December 
2017/2018/January 2020/December 2020/2021/2022] Conditions[, as supplemented by [the 
6th supplement dated 31 July 2013 which received visa no.13-442 from the AMF on 31 July 2013/the 
1st supplement dated 26 March 2015 which received visa no. 15-112 from the AMF on 
26 March 2015/the 2nd supplement dated 19 May 2015 which received visa no. 15-207 from the AMF 
on 19 May 2015/the 3rd supplement dated 10 May 2019 which received visa no.19-191 from the AMF 
on 10 May 2019/the 1st supplement dated 11 February 2021 which received approval no. 21-029 from 
the AMF on 11 February 2021/the 2nd supplement dated 22 March 2021 which received approval no. 
21-075 from the AMF on 22 March 2021], incorporated by reference therein) in order to obatin all the 
relevant information. Copies of the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for inspection 
and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday from 
the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents. So long as Notes are 
outstanding, those documents will also be available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com). [In addition,13 the Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[NB: In the case of Notes which are not listed or publicly offered or which are not admitted to a clearing 
system in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State (as defined in the section "Taxation-France"), it 
will be necessary to (a) make additional modifications to the terms of these Final Terms and (b) consider 
including additional risk factors.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●]  
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
11 Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
12 Delete in the case of any issue of Notes which, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, are not admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market nor offered to the public on a non-exempt basis within the EEA. 
13 If the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 234 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
222 
 
 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[The Notes shall be assimilated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the (insert description of the 
Series) 
on 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
[interests 
in 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
Note/Definitive Bearer Notes], as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date]]] 
[If not applicable, delete this paragraph] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
[CNY Currency Event applicable as per 
Condition 5(k) of the English Law Conditions or 
Condition 4(i) of the French Law Conditions and 
the Relevant Currency is [●]] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●]  
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]  
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Tranche [plus an amount corresponding to 
the interest accrued at a rate of [●] per cent. of 
such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the period 
from, and including, [insert date] to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●]  
[In respect of Dematerialised Notes or Notes 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, there 
should be one denomination only] 
(ii) 
 [Calculation Amount:] 
[Only applicable to English Law Notes] 
[If there is only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. 
If 
there 
is 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: there must be a common factor in the case 
of two or more Specified Denominations] 
6. 
(i) 
[Issue Date [and Interest 
 
Commencement Date]: 
[●]] 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date [if 
different from the Issue Date]: 
[●]]

--- Page 235 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
223 
 
 
 
 
7. 
Maturity Date:14 
[Fixed Rate - specify date/Floating Rate - The 
Interest [Payment/Period] Date scheduled to fall 
on or nearest to [●]] [in the case of Subordinated 
Notes the proceeds of which constitute Tier 2 
Capital, the Maturity Date shall be at least five 
years after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][Resettable] 
[[[●]/EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
SHIBOR/SORA/TONA/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/
WIBOR/PRIBOR/BBSW /HIBOR/SORA/CDOR 
/CD/SARON or other] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Specify the date 
when any fixed to floating rate, floating to fixed 
rate, fixed to fixed rate or floating to floating rate 
change occurs and/or refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call Option]/[Make-Whole Redemption 
Option (only for Senior Preferred Notes not 
intended to be compliant with MREL or TLAC 
Requirements)]/[Residual Maturity Redemption 
Option]/[Clean-up 
Redemption 
Option]/[Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (only for Senior Preferred Notes not 
intended to be compliant with MREL or TLAC 
Requirements)] /Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Article 
L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier / Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant 
to Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code 
monétaire 
et 
financier 
/ 
Tier 
2 
Capital 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Article L. 613-
30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and Article L. 228-97 of the French 
 
14 
The Notes are issued with a specified Maturity Date and cannot be undated Notes.

--- Page 236 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
224 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Date of corporate authorisations 
 
for issue of the Notes: 
Code de commerce, ranking as provided for in 
Condition 
[ ●]. 
Should 
Tier 
2 
Capital 
Subordinated Notes become Disqualified Capital 
Notes, they will automatically rank as provided 
for in Condition [●] 
 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes / Adjusted Fixed 
Rate Notes] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
[In the case a Change of Interest Basis specified 
in item 10 above provides for a change from a 
fixed rate to another fixed rate, duplicate all the 
information in sub-items (i) to (ix) below]  
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/on the Maturity Date/ 
other (specify)] in arrear] 
[Resettable Notes] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[●] in each year from and including [first Interest 
Payment Date] up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/[specify other] [adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention specified 
below]/[the Maturity Date] 
[NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons] 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[In respect of Unadjusted Fixed Rate Notes: insert 
“Not Applicable (unadjusted)”] 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes, insert 
one of the following business day convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]]  
(iv) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[In respect of Adjusted Fixed Rate Notes]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 237 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
225 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/Calculation Amount [until the first Reset Date 
[Resettable Notes only]]] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination / Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling on [●]/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Resettable Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if Applicable 
- 
Initial Rate of Interest 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
- 
First Margin 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
- 
Subsequent Margin 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
- 
First Reset Date 
[●] 
- 
[Second Reset Date 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
- 
Subsequent Reset Date(s) 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
-  [First Reset Rate  
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[U.S. Treasury Rate]/[Reference 
Bond Rate]/[●]] 
-  [Subsequent Reset Rate  
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[U.S. Treasury Rate]/[Reference 
Bond Rate]/[●]] 
- 
[Relevant Screen Page 
[●]] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Rate 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Not Applicable]] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Rate term 
[●][Not Applicable]] 
- 
[Mid-Swap Maturity 
[●][Not Applicable]] 
- 
 [Reference Bond 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
- 
[Initial Reference Bond Rate 
[●]%]

--- Page 238 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
226 
 
 
 
 
- 
[Reference Rate 
[●]] (only applicable in the case of Mid-Swap 
Rate) 
- 
Reset Determination Date 
[The day falling two (2) Business Days prior to the 
Reset Date on which such Reset Period 
commences/[●]]  
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
- 
Relevant Time 
[●] 
(ix) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●] in each year] 
[Insert regular Interest Payment Dates ignoring 
the Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon] 
[NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
[In the case a Change of Interest Basis specified 
in item 10 above provides for a change from a 
floating rate to another floating rate, duplicate all 
the information in sub-items (i) to (xii) below] 
(i) 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / 
Specified 
Period(s) 
(see 
Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) 
of 
the 
English Law Conditions and 
Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) 
of 
the 
French Law Conditions]: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention [specify any other option from the 
Conditions]] 
[Insert 
"(unadjusted)" 
if 
the 
application 
of 
the 
relevant 
business 
day 
convention is not intended to affect the Interest 
Amount: See Condition 4(b)(i) of the English Law 
Conditions and Condition 3(b)(i) of the French 
Law Conditions] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined: 
[ISDA Determination/Screen Rate Determination]

--- Page 239 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
227 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[●] (insert name and address)] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (specify EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SHIBOR, TONA, NIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR, 
WIBOR, PRIBOR, BBSW, HIBOR, SORA, 
CDOR, CD, SARON or other) 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]  
[Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR / [●] 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date if SONIA / [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if SOFR / [●] T2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
if €STR / [●] Zurich Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date if SARON / [●] 
Singapore Banking Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if SORA / [ ●] Tokyo 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date if TONA]  
- 
Specified Time: 
[●] [which will be 11.00 a.m. London time, in the 
case of SONIA, or Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR]  
[- Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fall-back provisions 
appropriately] 
[In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph] 
[- Reference Banks: 
[As selected by the Fiscal Agent/Calculation 
Agent]/ [●] 
[In 
the 
case 
of 
SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/SORA/TONA 
delete this paragraph]]

--- Page 240 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
228 
 
 
 
 
[Manner in which the SONIA Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SONIA 
Observation Shift Compound]]  
[Manner in which the SOFR Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Lockout Compound / SOFR Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SOFR 
Observation 
Shift 
Compound]]  
[Manner in which the €STR Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Observation 
Shift Compound]]  
[Manner in which the TONA Rate 
of Interest is to be determined: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Observation 
Shift Compound]]  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR Lockout 
Compound)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.]  
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SORA or TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days/ [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/ [ ●] T2 Business 
Days]/ [●] Singapore Banking Days/ [●] Tokyo 
Banking Days]] 
[Observation Shift Days 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, TONA or SARON)  
[Not Applicable / [●] London Banking Days / [●] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days / [●] 
T2 Business Days / [●] Tokyo Banking Days / [●
] Zurich Banking Days]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (specify EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
SORA, TONA, SARON or other) 
[If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest period, insert 
the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination]

--- Page 241 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
229 
 
 
 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph)  
- 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days / As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days / As specified in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days / As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●] / [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
- 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- Maturity Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
- 
Non-Representative:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Successor Benchmark:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date:  
[●]] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[As per Conditions / [●] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual  
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling)

--- Page 242 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
230 
 
 
 
 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) /other] 
(xii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/The Rate Multiplier shall be 
[n/N]/[nb/Nb]/[other]] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
- 
Benchmark (for the purposes 
of Condition 4(b)(iii) of the English 
Law Conditions, and Condition 
3(b)(iii) of the French Law 
Conditions): 
[EURIBOR / USD CMS / EUR CMS / other]  
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
- 
Lower Limit: 
[●] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[●]  
[Specify any other option from the Conditions]  
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Conditions 6(k) and 6(n) of the English Law 
Conditions and 5(j) and 5(m) of the French Law 
Conditions apply/ Specify any other option from 
the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ●] [in the case of Subordinated Notes the 
proceeds of which constitute Tier 2 Capital, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at least

--- Page 243 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
231 
 
 
 
 
five years after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
/Calculation Amount/Market Value/Specify any 
other option from the Conditions] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
- 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
- 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●]  
[If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent] 
17. 
Make-Whole Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes not intended to be 
compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements)  
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Notice period:15 
[●] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reference Screen Rate:  
[●] 
(iii) 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[(As per Conditions] / [ ●]/ specify method of 
selection]  
(iv) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest 
due (if not the Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
18. 
Residual 
Maturity 
Redemption 
Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
15 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 244 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
232 
 
 
 
 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
[Notice period:16 
[●]] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
19. 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
(ii) 
[Notice period:17 
[●]] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
(iv) 
[Optional 
Clean-up 
Redemption Date, if the Clean-up 
Percentage is reached: 
[Any Interest Payment Date/[●]] (Applicable only 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
20. 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes not intended to be 
compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
[If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/Market 
Value/Specify 
any 
other 
option 
from 
the 
Conditions] 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●]  
[NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
 
16 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent. 
17 
If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 245 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
233 
 
 
 
 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[
●
] per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation 
Amount/[At 
par] 
/Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[[
●
] 
per 
Note 
of 
[
●
] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount/Market Value/ 
As per [Condition 6(m) of the English Law 
Notes/Condition 5(l) of the French Law Notes/ 
Specify any other option from the Conditions] 
23. 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Not Applicable only 
to Senior Preferred Notes not intended to be 
compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
 
24. 
Events of Default: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes not intended to 
be compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
25. 
Prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to 
Senior Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Not Applicable only 
to Senior Preferred Notes not intended to be 
compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[The following elections apply in respect of Bearer 
Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
[Bearer SIS Notes in the form of a Permanent 
Global SIS Note exchangeable for Definitive

--- Page 246 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
234 
 
 
 
 
Bearer SIS Note only upon a Bearer SIS Notes 
Exchange Event] 
[Uncertificated SIS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form issued, cleared 
and settled through SIX SIS Ltd] 
[Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the "Form of the Notes" section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Registered Notes:] 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream] [Non-
U.S. Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream/ 
a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream]  
[The following elections apply in respect of French 
Law Notes:] 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
[Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
can only be issued outside France] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes: [Bearer form (au porteur)] / 
[Registered form (au nominatif)]]  
[The following information is required in respect of 
Dematerialised 
Notes: 
[Insert 
name 
of 
Registration Agent]] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Materialised Notes: [Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
[ ●] 
(the 
Exchange 
Date), 
subject 
to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]] 
(ii) 
[New Global Note:]18 
[Yes/No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) for the 
purposes of Condition [5(h) of the 
English Law Conditions /4(e) of the 
French Law Conditions]: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Note that this item relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which item 
14(iii) relates] 
 
18 In respect of English Law Notes only.

--- Page 247 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
235 
 
 
 
 
28. 
[Payments on non-Payment Business 
Days (Condition [5(h) of the English 
Law Conditions /4(e) of the French 
Law Conditions]) 
[Following/Modified Following] 
(“Following” should be the default choice) 
29. 
Talons for further Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes:  
[Applicable (if appropriate)/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Redenomination applicable: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 
apply] 
31. 
Consolidation applicable: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 15(b) 
of the English Law Conditions / Condition 14(b) of 
the French Law Conditions apply] 
32. 
Clearing System Delivery Period 
(Condition 13 of the English Law 
Conditions (Notices)): 
[Four Day Delivery/Same Day Delivery] 
33. 
[Meeting and Voting Provisions 
Condition 12 of the French Law 
Conditions):] 
(delete this paragraph in case of English Law 
Notes) 
[[No Masse]/[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse] 
shall apply] (Note that (i) Condition 12 (a) (No 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of Notes with 
a denomination of, or which can only be traded in 
amounts of, at least €100,000 or its equivalent 
and (ii) Condition 12 (c) (Contractual Masse) is 
only applicable in respect of any Tranche of Notes 
issued (a) outside France or (b) with a Specified 
Denomination of at least €100,000 or its 
equivalent) 
(If Condition 12 (b) (Full Masse) or (c) 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert below details 
of Representative and alternate Representative 
and remuneration, if any; such designation is not 
mandatory under Condition 12 (c) (Contractual 
Masse)) 
(i) 
Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
of 
Representative: 
[ ●] (if applicable, specify the amount and 
payment date) 
34. 
Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Coupons] and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes [and the Coupons] will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, [English law / French law / [in the 
case of English Law Notes: English law, except 
for (i) Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) which shall

--- Page 248 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
236 
 
 
 
 
be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, French law [and (ii) in the case of 
Uncertificated SIS Notes, their form, title and 
transfer, as set out in Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination), which 
shall be governed by Swiss law and particularly 
the laws applicable to SIS or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognized for such 
purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange]]] 
35. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
the 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) of the French Law Notes:] 
[Applicable] 
(If 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) of the French Law 
Notes is contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the issue of the Notes [and] [public 
offer on a non-exempt basis in [France/Luxembourg/Switzerland] [and] [admission to trading 
on [Euronext Paris and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
on SIX Swiss Exchange] by Société Générale pursuant to its Euro Medium Term Note - Paris 
Registered Programme for which purpose they are hereby submitted]. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms prepared 
in relation to Series [●], Tranche [●]. [[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms 
that to the best of its knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 249 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
237 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Not Applicable / Application has been made for 
the Notes to be listed on [Euronext Paris / the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/SIX 
Swiss Exchange / other (specify)] with effect from 
[●]] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable / Application [has been/is 
expected to be] made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris / the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ SIX 
Swiss Exchange / (other specify)] with effect from 
[●].] 
There can be no assurance that the listing and 
trading of the Notes will be approved with effect on 
[●] or at all. 
[Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.]  
[If the Notes are not listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
(iii) 
Information required for Notes 
to be listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange: 
 
- 
Listing/Trading information: 
 
a) Trading Size and Ratio: 
[●] 
[The Notes can only be traded in the Specified 
Denomination and integral multiples of the 
Specified Denomination] [minimum and maximum 
trading size and the standard exercise ratio] 
b) First Trading Day: 
[ ●] (anticipated) [Insert date of provisional 
trading, not first listing date] 
c) Last Trading Day  
and Time: 
[●] 
d) Swiss ticker symbol: 
[●] 
- 
Additional information: 
 
a) Fees charged by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders post-
issuance: 
[Give details] [None]

--- Page 250 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
238 
 
 
 
 
b) Name and address of the 
representative 
for 
purposes of article 58a of 
the Listing Rules of SIX 
Swiss Exchange: 
[Société Générale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 
50, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland.] [Insert name and 
address of the relevant representatives if different 
from the foregoing] 
c) No 
material 
adverse 
change: 
[●] [Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus 
(as amended by supplements from time to time), 
there has been no material adverse change, nor 
any event involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the financial and trading 
position of the Issuer since the date of the Base 
Prospectus (as amended by supplements from 
time to time)]  
d) Swiss tax information: 
For Swiss tax information, see the section 
“Taxation”, paragraph “Switzerland” set out in the 
Base Prospectus. Noteholders are advised to 
consult with their professional tax advisors as to 
the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition or redemption of 
Notes.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated/The 
Notes to be issued have been rated/The Notes to 
be issued are expected to be rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[●]] 
[Moody's France S.A.S.: 
[●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[●]] 
[Other]: 
[●]] 
 
[The Credit rating[s] referred to above [has]/[have] 
been issued by [●] [and [●]], [each of] which is 
established in the European Union and [is]/[has 
applied to be] registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and, 
as of the date hereof, appear[s] on the list of credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation.] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a 
credit agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom

--- Page 251 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
239 
 
 
 
 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.]  
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers [has been requested to provide/has provided] the 
[Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg/names of other competent 
authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
Save for any fees payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] / [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] 
/ 
[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[Green/Social/Sustainability] Positive Impact Notes 
and an amount equivalent to the net proceeds will

--- Page 252 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
240 
 
 
 
 
be applied to finance and/or refinance [describe 
specific 
Eligible 
Activities 
and 
Framework, 
including website link, second party opinion and/or 
other relevant information where such information 
can be obtained] 
*(If reasons for offer are different from those stated 
in "Use of Proceeds" those reasons will need to be 
included here.) 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
 
[If the proceeds are intended for more than one 
purpose, those purposes should be disclosed in 
order of priority and broken into each intended use. 
If the proceeds will be insufficient to fund all 
disclosed purposes, state the amount and sources 
of other funding] 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
 
[●]  
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [give details] 
[Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to tax free 
French 
government 
bonds 
(obligations 
assimilables au Trésor (OAT)) of an equivalent 
duration.]19 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date and is not 
an indication of any future yield. 
 
19  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 offered to the public in France.

--- Page 253 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
241 
 
 
 
 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/SHIBOR/SORA/TONA/NIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/WIBOR/PRI
BOR/BBSW/HIBOR/SORA/CDOR/CD/SARON/[●]] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters / Bloomberg / other]. 
[Benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the Benchmark Regulation) / [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [ ●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]/ [Not Applicable] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
[Swiss 
security 
number 
(Valoren number):] 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking, SA or 
Euroclear France, SIX Swiss 
Exchange and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[●] 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)/ other] 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of]20 payment 
(vi) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(vii) 
Name and address of Swiss 
Paying Agent21: 
[[Not Applicable] / [Société Générale, Paris, Zurich 
Branch, Talacker 50, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland]/ [●
]] 
[●] 
 
20 If the Notes are denominated in Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery against payment” will apply. 
If the Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro and Euroclear France acts as Central Depositary, “delivery free of 
payment” will apply. Otherwise, determination to be made on a case by case basis. 
21 Required in case of SIS Notes or Notes listed on SIX.

--- Page 254 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
242 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:] 22 
[[Yes] / [No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS,] [include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [Include the foregoing text if "yes" 
selected in which case the Bearer Notes must be 
issued in NGN form]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(a) Names [, addresses and 
underwriting 
commitments]
23  of 
the 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(b) [Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:  
Not Applicable/[●]]24 
(c) Stabilising 
Manager 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]
25  of the relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(iv) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[There is no commission and/or concession paid by 
the Issuer to the Dealer or the Managers]]26 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S compliance category 2] [TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]] 
 
22 In respect of English Law Notes only. 
23  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
24  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
25  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
26  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 255 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
243 
 
 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. 
For the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 an investment, where, regardless of the legal 
form of the investment, the amount repayable to the 
retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
on the cover page of the Final Terms should be 
included. 
For the purpose of the above, a “packaged” product 
shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” 
which 
means 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 
2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of 
the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.)] 
(vii) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Notes in Singapore, delete 
this paragraph) 
(If the Notes are offered in Singapore to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined 
under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of

--- Page 256 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
244 
 
 
 
 
Singapore) only, “Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes are also offered in Singapore to 
investors other than Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors (as defined under the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), 
“Not Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(viii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/ give details] 
 
[If (a) the Notes qualify as financial instruments for 
which no per se exemption from the duty to prepare 
a key information document pursuant to article 58 
et seq. of the FinSA applies (cf. article 59 para. 1 of 
the FinSA) and (b) no key information document or 
any equivalent document under the FinSA will be 
prepared, the following language must be added] 
 
[The Notes must not be offered to clients in 
Switzerland which qualify as private clients 
within the meaning of article 4 of the FinSA and 
who have to be provided with a key information 
document pursuant to article 8 of the FinSA.] 
[Add the following language if the Notes are 
Permanently Restricted Notes]  
[The Notes may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person (as 
defined in Regulation S) and accordingly are 
being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in 
reliance on Regulation S.] 
10. 
[PUBLIC OFFERS ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [note: listing on SIX is 
deemed as public offer in Switzerland] 
Non-exempt Offer27: 
[Not Applicable]  
OR 
[The 
Notes 
may 
be 
offered 
by 
the 
[Managers/Dealer] 
and 
any 
other 
financial 
intermediary (each an Authorised Offeror) in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus (a Non-
exempt Offer) under the Prospectus Regulation in 
(specify the name of the relevant non-exempt offer 
jurisdictions) [, / and] during the Offer Period [. / and 
subject to the other conditions set out below].] 
[If “Non-exempt Offer” paragraph above is not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
27  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 257 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
245 
 
 
 
 
 
Type of Consent: 
[Individual Consent / General Consent] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[(specify the name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the 
Issuer to act as Authorised Offeror(s)) / Any 
financial 
intermediary 
which 
satisfies 
the 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and in 
item "Other conditions to consent" below.] 
 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent, specify any additional conditions 
to or any condition replacing those set out in the 
Base Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set 
out in the Base Prospectus" / Where the Issuer 
has given an individual consent, specify any 
condition]] 
Offer Period: 
[●] to [●] 
[This period should be from the date of publication 
of the Final Terms in the relevant jurisdiction to a 
specified date (or a formulation such as "the Issue 
Date" or "the date which falls [●] Business Days 
thereafter").] 
Offer Price: 
[The Issuer has offered the Notes to the 
Dealer/Managers at the initial issue price of [●] 
less a total commission of [●]. 
[or where the price is not determined at the date of 
the Final Terms] 
The issue price of the Notes will be determined by 
the Issuer and the [Dealer/Managers] on or about [
●] in accordance with market conditions then 
prevailing, including [supply and demand for the 
Notes and other similar securities] [and] [the then 
current market value of [insert relevant benchmark 
security, if any].] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional [on their issue 
[only applicable to offers during the subscription 
period ]] [on any additional conditions set out in the 
standard terms of business of the Authorised 
Offerors, notified to investors by such relevant 
Authorised Offeror]]  
[Description of the application process: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue]

--- Page 258 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
246 
 
 
 
 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:  
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued on the Issue Date against 
payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys. Investors will be notified by the relevant 
Authorised Offeror of their allocations of Notes and 
the settlement arrangements in respect thereof.] 
[Manner and date in which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
N/A unless the issue is an "up to" issue when 
disclosure must be included] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
N/A unless full application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue] 
[Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors [in 
France and jurisdictions into which the Base 
Prospectus has been passported] to any person. In 
other EEA countries, offers will only be made by the 
Authorised Offerors pursuant to an exemption from 
the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation as 
implemented in such countries to publish a 
prospectus.] 
[Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Process for notification – N/A unless full 
application process is being followed in relation to 
the issue.]] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or Dealer: 
[●]] 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer will 
take place: 
[●]]

--- Page 259 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
247 
 
 
 
 
[ANNEX – FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY]28  
(Issue specific summary to be inserted) 
 
 
28  Only applicable to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 260 ---
Description of Société Générale 
 
 
248 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by Société Générale will be used for the general financing 
purposes of the Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, such use will be stated in the Final Terms. 
When it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any particular 
issue to finance or refinance (via direct expenditures, via direct investments or via loans), in part or in 
full, eligible activities (such activities the Eligible Activities), which serve to deliver a positive 
contribution to one or more of the three pillars of sustainable development (economic, environmental 
and social), once any potential negative impacts and mitigation actions have been duly identified, as 
defined in the sustainable and positive impact bond framework, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time (the Framework), such use will be specified in the Final Terms of such Notes (the Positive 
Impact Notes). 
Positive Impact Notes can be either green (the Green Positive Impact Notes), social (the Social 
Positive Impact Notes) or sustainability (the Sustainability Positive Impact Notes) if an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be applied to finance or refinance Eligible Activities in the following 
green categories, social categories or in both categories (in case of Sustainability Positive Impact 
Notes) pursuant to the Framework: 
Green categories: 
- 
Renewable energy; 
- 
Green buildings; 
- 
Low carbon transport; 
- 
Water management and water treatment; 
- 
Pollution prevention and control; and 
- 
Circular economy. 
Social categories: 
- 
Employment generation and preservation through SME financing; 
- 
Socioeconomic advancement and empowerment; 
- 
Affordable housing; 
- 
Access to education and professional training; and 
- 
Access to healthcare. 
These different categories are defined in the Framework which also further describes (i) the above-
mentioned Eligible Activities by categories and (ii) the processes the Issuer will apply to evaluate and 
select the Eligible Activities, manage the net proceeds, report and use external reviews, inter alia in 
accordance with: 
- 
the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 
published by the International Capital Markets Association; and 
- 
the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the United Nations Environment 
Programme – Finance Initiative.

--- Page 261 ---
Description of Société Générale 
 
 
249 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer has made the Framework available on its website: 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2021-11/20211104_Societe-
Generale-Sustainable-and-Positive-Impact-Bond-Framework.pdf). 
A link to such Framework shall also be included in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer has appointed ISS ESG to conduct an external review of its Framework and issue a second 
party opinion (Second Party Opinion) on the Framework’s environmental and social credentials 
based among others on its alignment with the Principles for Positive Impact Finance published by the 
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative, the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond 
Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets 
Association. The Second Party Opinion is available under section “Sustainable and Positive Impact 
Bond” of the Issuer’s debt investors webpage: (https://investors.societegenerale.com/fr/base-
documentaire). 
The Issuer will publish an annually limited or reasonable assurance report provided by its external 
auditors or any other appointed independent third party until the maturity of the Positive Impact Notes, 
verifying: 
- 
the allocated and unallocated amount equivalent to the net proceeds; 
- 
the compliance of the Eligible Activities with the defined eligibility criteria of the relevant 
categories; and  
- 
the review of the positive impact reporting. 
For any verification of whether the Positive Impact Notes meet the eligibility criteria, or for the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds, Investors should refer to Société Générale's website 
(https://investors.societegenerale.com/fr/base-documentaire) or any relevant third party opinion.

--- Page 262 ---
Description of Société Générale 
 
 
250 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
Please refer to the information on Société Générale in the documents incorporated herein by reference 
as set out in the "Documents Incorporated by Reference" section. 
 
Purpose of Société Générale (Article 3 of the by-laws) 
The purpose of Société Générale is, under the conditions determined by the laws and regulations 
applicable to credit institutions, to carry out with individuals and corporate entities, in France or abroad: 
• 
all banking transactions; 
• 
all transactions related to banking operations, including in particular investment services or 
allied services as listed by Articles L.321-1 and L.321-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier; 
• 
all acquisitions of interests in other companies. 
Société Générale may also, on a regular basis, as defined in the conditions set by the regulations in 
force, engage in all transactions other than those mentioned above, including in particular insurance 
brokerage. 
Generally, Société Générale may carry out, on its own behalf, on behalf of a third-party or jointly, all 
financial, commercial, industrial, agricultural, moveable assets or real property transactions, directly or 
indirectly related to the abovementioned activities or likely to facilitate the accomplishment of such 
activities. 
 
Registration 
Société Générale is registered in the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Paris under number 
RCS Paris 552 120 222. It was first registered by the decree of 4 May 1864. 
 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of Société Générale is equal to 
EUR 1,003,724,927.50. 
 
Publications 
Notices to Noteholders are made in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Ratings 
At the date hereof, Société Générale’s long-term issuer ratings are A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, 
A1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. and A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.  
Each of these credit rating agencies is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, appear on the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of ESMA 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies is published on the website of ESMA (http://www.esma.europa.eu/).  
 
Recent Issues  
 
Since 30 June 2023, Société Générale has, among others: 
• 
redeemed AUD 325,000,000 Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes on 20 July 2023; and 
• 
redeemed on 4 October 2023 USD 1,250,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 
Fixed Rate Resettable Callable Notes.

--- Page 263 ---
Description of Société Générale 
 
 
251 
 
 
 
 
• 
issued JPY 5,100,000,000 Callable Resettable Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes on 
19 October 2023; 
• 
redeemed JPY 13,100,000,000 Subordinated Tier 2 Fixed to Floating Rate Callable Notes on 
24 October 2023; 
• 
issued USD 1,250,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Additional Tier 1 Capital Fixed Rate 
Resettable Callable Notes on 14 November 2023; 
• 
redeemed USD 1,750,000,000 Undated Deeply Subordinated Resettable Interest Rate Notes on 
18 December 2023; 
• 
announced on 12 December 2023 the early redemption of AUD 200,000,000 Tier 2 Capital 
Subordinated Notes on 24 January 2024. 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries issue medium to long-term debt, in France and abroad, on a continuous 
basis as part of their funding plan.

--- Page 264 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
252 
 
 
 
 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER  
Words and expressions defined in section headed "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
or, as the case may be, "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes" shall have the same meanings 
in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the expression "Notes" shall include the English Law Notes 
and the French Law Notes to the extent permitted by the Conditions applicable to such English Law 
Notes and French Law Notes.  
The French Banking System 
The French banking system consists primarily of privately-owned banks and financial institutions, as 
well as certain state-owned banks and financial institutions, all of which are subject to a common body 
of banking laws and regulations. 
All French credit institutions are required to belong to a professional organization or central body 
affiliated with the French Credit Institutions and Investment Firms Association (Association française 
des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d’investissement), which represents the interests of 
credit institutions, payment institutions and investment firms, in particular in their dealings with public 
authorities, provides consultative advice, draws up business conduct guidelines, disseminates 
information and studies and recommends actions on questions relating to banking and financial services 
activities. Most French banks, including Société Générale, are members of the French Banking 
Federation (Fédération bancaire française) which is itself affiliated with the French Credit Institutions 
and Investment Firms Association. 
French Consultative and Supervisory Bodies 
The French Code monétaire et financier sets forth the conditions under which credit institutions, 
including banks, may operate. The French monétaire et financier vests related supervisory and 
regulatory powers in certain administrative authorities. 
The Financial Sector Consultative Committee (Comité consultatif du secteur financier) is made up of 
representatives of financial institutions (such as credit institutions, electronic money institutions, 
payment institutions, investment firms, insurance companies and insurance brokers) and client 
representatives. This committee is a consultative organization that studies the relations between 
financial institutions and their respective clientele and proposes appropriate measures in this area. 
The Consultative Committee on Financial Legislation and Regulations (Comité consultatif de la 
législation et de la réglementation financières) reviews, at the request of the French Minister of the 
Economy, any draft bills or regulations, as well as any draft European directives or regulations relating 
to the insurance, banking, electronic money, payment services and investment services industry other 
than those draft regulations relating to, or falling within the jurisdiction of, the AMF. 
The High Council for Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de stabilité financière) (HCSF) is the French 
macroprudential authority tasked with “supervising the financial system as a whole, with the aim of 
safeguarding its stability and ensuring a sustainable contribution of the financial sector to economic 
growth. Its mission is to help to mitigate and prevent systemic risks. The HCSF’s action is part of a 
broader European framework. Its decisions are taken in collaboration with the European Commission, 
the European Central Bank (ECB), the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB), the European Banking 
Authority (EBA), and the macroprudential authorities of the other European Union Member States. 
Pursuant to European Union regulations establishing a single supervisory mechanism for the Eurozone 
and opt-in countries the ECB has become the supervisory authority for large European credit institutions 
and banking groups, including Société Générale, since 4 November 2014. This supervision is carried 
out in France in close cooperation with the Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority (Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution or the ACPR) (in particular with respect to reporting collection 
and on-site inspections). 
The ECB is exclusively responsible for prudential supervision, which includes, inter alia, the power to: 
(a) authorize and withdraw authorization; (b) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other credit 
institutions; (c) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking 
rules; (d) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain credit institutions to protect 
financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law and (e) impose robust corporate governance

--- Page 265 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
253 
 
 
 
 
practices and internal capital adequacy. The ACPR will, on the other hand, continue to be responsible 
for supervisory matters not conferred to the ECB, such as consumer protection, anti-money laundering, 
payment services and branches of third country banks. 
Subject to direct supervisory powers which may be attributed to the ECB on certain subject matters, the 
ACPR supervises financial institutions and insurance undertakings and is in charge of ensuring the 
protection of consumers and the stability of the financial system. The ACPR is chaired by the Governor 
of the Banque de France. Following enactment of the banking law No. 2013-672 of 26 July 2013, the 
ACP was also designated as the French resolution authority and became the ACPR. 
Subject to direct supervisory powers which may be attributed to the ECB on certain large credit 
institutions, as a licensing authority, the ACPR makes individual decisions, grants banking and 
investment firm licenses and grants specific exemptions as provided in applicable banking regulations. 
As a supervisory authority, it is in charge of supervising, in particular, credit institutions, financing 
companies, and investment firms (other than portfolio management companies which are supervised 
by the AMF). It monitors compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to such credit institutions, 
financing companies, and investment firms, and controls their financial standing. Banks are required to 
submit to the ACPR periodic (monthly, quarterly or semi-annually) accounting reports concerning the 
principal areas of their business. The ACPR may also request additional information it deems necessary 
and carry out on-site inspections. These reports and controls allow a close monitoring by the ACPR of 
the financial condition of each bank and also facilitate the calculation of the total deposits of all banks 
and their use. Where regulations have been violated, the ACPR may impose administrative sanctions, 
which may include warnings, financial sanctions and deregistration of a bank resulting in its winding-up. 
The ACPR has also the power to appoint a temporary administrator to temporarily manage a bank that 
it deems to be mismanaged. These decisions of the ACPR may be appealed to the French 
Administrative Supreme Court (Conseil d’Etat). Insolvency proceedings may be initiated against banks 
or other credit institutions, financing companies, or investment firms only after prior permission by the 
ACPR. 
Market Supervision 
The AMF regulates the French financial markets. It publishes regulations which set forth regulatory 
duties of financial markets operators, investment services providers (credit institutions authorized to 
provide investment services and investment firms) and issuers of financial instruments offered to the 
public in France. The AMF is also in charge of granting licenses to portfolio management companies 
and exercises disciplinary powers over them. It may impose sanctions against any person violating its 
regulations. Such sanctions may be appealed to the Paris Court of Appeal, except in the case of 
sanctions against financial markets professionals which may be appealed to the Conseil d’Etat. 
Banking Regulations 
The European transposition of the Basel III framework was adopted by European Council and 
Parliament and published in the Official Journal on 27 June 2013. The Capital Requirements Regulation 
(as defined in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the 
English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law 
Conditions) contains the detailed prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
while the Capital Requirements Directive (as defined in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) covers areas where EU provisions need to 
be transposed by Member States in a way suitable to their respective environments. The Capital 
Requirements Directive entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
The Capital Requirements Directive V (as defined in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) amending the Capital Requirements 
Directive as regards to exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures and 
the Capital Requirements Regulation II (as defined in Condition 6 (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation, Purchase and Cancellation) of the English Law Conditions or Condition 5 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation) of the French Law Conditions) amending the Capital Requirements 
Regulation as regards to the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties,

--- Page 266 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
254 
 
 
 
 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and 
came into force on 27 June 2019. In France, the Capital Requirements Directive V was implemented 
by the Ordinance No. 2020-1635 of 21 December 2020 containing various provisions for the adaptation 
of the legislation to European Union law in financial matters. On 24 June 2020, the European Parliament 
and the Council adopted Regulation (EU) 2020/873 amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as 
regards certain adjustments in response to the Covid-19 pandemic. The Regulation (EU) 2020/873 
entered into force and applied from 27 June 2020. Specific amendments include among other things: 
(i) changing the minimum amount of capital that banks (such as the Issuer) are required to hold for 
certain non-performing loans (NPLs) under the prudential backstop, (ii) postponing the introduction of 
the leverage ratio buffer requirement to January 2023 and introducing targeted changes to the 
calculation of the leverage ratio and (iii) bringing forward the introduction of some capital relief measures 
for banks under the Capital Requirements Regulation II (including the preferential treatment of certain 
loans backed by pensions or salaries and of certain exposures to small and medium-sized enterprises 
(SMEs) and infrastructure). 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee published revised standards that finalize the Basel III 
post-crisis regulatory reforms. The reforms include the following elements: (a) a revised standardized 
approach for credit risk, which will improve the robustness and risk sensitivity of the existing approach, 
(b) revisions to the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk, where the use of the most advanced 
internally modeled approaches for low-default portfolios will be limited, (c) revision to the credit valuation 
adjustment (the CVA) framework, including the removal of the internally modeled approach and the 
introduction of a revised standardized approach, (d) a revised standardized approach for operational 
risk, which will replace the existing standardized approaches and the advanced measurement 
approaches, (e) revision to the calculation of the leverage ratio buffer for Global Systemically Important 
Banks (G-SIBs), which takes the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk-weighted 
capital buffer and (f) an aggregate output floor, which will ensure that the total of banks’ risk-weighted 
assets (RWAs) are no lower than 72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework’s 
standardized approaches. The implementation of the amendments to the Basel III framework within the 
European Union may go beyond the Basel Committee standards and provide for European specificities. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published three legislative proposals amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive and the Capital Requirements Regulation on the access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions, to finalize the transposition of 
the Basel III framework. 
These proposals, inter alia, aim at (i) introducing adjustments to measurement methods for credit, 
operational and market risks incurred by credit institutions to ensure that the internal models they use 
to calculate their capital requirements do not underestimate those risks; (ii) requiring credit institutions 
to systematically identify, disclose and manage risks in connection with environmental and sustainability 
growth (ESG Risks) as part of their risk management, and introducing regular climate stress testing of 
credit institutions by national supervisors to enhance the focus on ESG Risks in the prudential 
framework; (iii) further harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local supervisory authorities and 
reinforcing the sanctions which may be imposed under the supervisory framework, and (iv) introducing 
new measures to clarify the calculation of internal MREL and TLAC requirements within EU Banking 
groups. 
On 8 November 2022, the European Council set its position on the legislative proposals of the European 
Commission. On 24 January 2023, the European Parliament published its proposed amendments to 
such legislative proposals and a provisional agreement was reached on 27 June 2023. These legislative 
proposals are currently being discussed by the European Commission, the European Council and the 
European Parliament and the target date of their entry into force is scheduled for 1 January 2025. 
Resolution Framework in France and European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (known as the BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. The French ordonnance 
No. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 transposed the BRRD into French law and amended the French 
Code monétaire et financier for this purpose. The French ordonnance has been ratified by law 
No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique). Directive (EU)

--- Page 267 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
255 
 
 
 
 
2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 (the BRRD II), which amends the BRRD as regards to the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. The BRRD II has 
been implemented in France with Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 (see below). 
The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide the authority designated by each EU Member State (the 
Resolution Authority) with a credible set of tools and powers, including the ability to apply the Bail-in 
Power, as defined below, to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial 
stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments 
(including Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and the Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes) and 
bail-inable liabilities (including the Disqualified Capital Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Preferred Notes, if capital instruments prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses and 
recapitalize the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority 
(referred to as the Bail-in Power). Accordingly, the BRRD contemplates that the Resolution Authority 
may require the write-down of such capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities in full on a permanent 
basis or convert them in full into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, in its Article 48 that, when applying the bail-in tool, the Resolution 
Authority shall exercise the write-down and conversion powers in the following order: 
(a) 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
(b) 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments; 
(c) 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments; 
(d) 
other subordinated debt that forms part of the bail-inable liabilities (including Disqualified Capital 
Notes); thereafter, 
(e) 
other bail-inable liabilities (including senior non preferred notes and senior preferred notes), 
all in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings and subject to the 
implementation in France of the provisions of the BRRD (for further details as to the hierarchy of claims 
under French law, see “Creditor’s hierarchy since 28 December 2020” below). 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, 
which may include (without limitation) the sale of the institution’s business, the creation of a bridge 
institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect 
of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or 
the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The BRRD provides that, for 
a limited period of time, resolution authorities will have the power to suspend payment and delivery 
obligations pursuant to any contract to which an institution is a party in certain circumstances, including 
where the institution is failing or likely to fail. 
If the conditions for resolution are met by a particular credit institution, the Resolution Authority may 
apply resolution tools such as removing management and appointing an interim administrator, selling 
the business of the institution under resolution, setting up a bridge institution or an asset management 
vehicle and, critically, applying the Bail-in Power which consists of statutory write-down or conversion 
powers with respect to capital instruments and bail-inable liabilities, according to their ranking set out 
in Article L. 613-55-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, in the 
event of the application of the Bail-in Power, (a) the outstanding amount of the Notes may be reduced, 
including to zero, (b) the Notes may be converted into ordinary shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and (c) the terms may be varied (e.g., the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered 
and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial support 
should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution measures, including the Bail-in Power.

--- Page 268 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
256 
 
 
 
 
The conditions for resolution under Article L. 613-49 II of the French Code monétaire et financier are 
deemed to be met when: 
(a) 
the Resolution Authority or the relevant supervisory authority determines that the institution is 
failing or likely to fail, which means situations where: 
(i) 
the institution infringes/will in the near future infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorization; and/or 
(ii) 
the institution is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as 
they fall due; and/or 
(iii) 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when 
extraordinary public financial support is provided in the form defined in 
Article L. 613-48 III of the French Code monétaire et financier); and/or 
(iv) 
the assets of the institution are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities. 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure would 
prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution objectives and winding 
up of the institution under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent. 
Before taking a resolution measure or exercising the power to write down or convert relevant capital 
instruments, the Resolution Authority shall ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the 
assets and liabilities of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority. 
When taking a resolution measure, the Resolution Authority must consider the following objectives: 
(a) ensure the continuity of critical functions, (b) avoid a significant adverse effect on financial stability, 
(c) protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial support and (d) protect 
client funds and client assets, in particular covered depositors. The deposit guarantee and resolution 
fund (described above) may also intervene to assist in the resolution of failing institutions. 
Pursuant to Article 59(1) of the BRRD, the Resolution Authority may also, independently of a resolution 
measure or in combination with a resolution measure, Write-Down or convert into ordinary shares, or 
other instruments of ownership, capital instruments (Additional Tier 1 Capital instruments and Tier 2 
Capital Instruments). In particular, pursuant to Article 59(3) of the BRRD, the Resolution Authority is 
required to exercise the write-down or conversion power (i) where the conditions for resolution have 
been met, before any resolution action is taken, (ii) where it determines that, unless that power is 
exercised, the institution would no longer be viable, or (iii) where the institution requires extraordinary 
public financial support (subject to certain exceptions). 
In such circumstances, the BRRD provides, among other things, in its Article 60 that, when applying 
the write-down and conversion power laid down in Article 59, the Resolution Authority shall exercise 
such power in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings in the 
following order: 
(a) 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
(b) 
Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments; and 
(c) 
Tier 2 Capital Instruments. 
On 20 March 2023, the Single Resolution Board, the European Banking Authority and the ECB 
confirmed that, under the resolution framework in the European Union, common equity instruments are 
the first ones to absorb losses, and only after their full use would Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments 
be required to be converted or written down. 
It should be noted that the Resolution Authority’s resolution powers have been superseded by the Single 
Resolution Board (the SRB) since 1 January 2016, with respect to all aspects relating to the 
decision-making process and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue

--- Page 269 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
257 
 
 
 
 
to carry out activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The 
SRB acts in close cooperation with the Resolution Authority. 
Recovery and Resolution Plans 
French credit institutions must draw up and maintain recovery plans (plans préventifs de rétablissement) 
that, for large credit institutions such as the Issuer, are reviewed by the ECB and which provide for 
measures to be taken by the institutions to restore their financial position following a significant 
deterioration of their financial situation. Such plans must be updated on a yearly basis (or immediately 
following a significant change in an institution’s organization, business or financial condition). The ECB 
must assess the recovery plan to determine whether it could in practice be effective, and, as necessary, 
can request changes in an institution’s organization. The Resolution Authority is in turn required to 
prepare resolution plans (plans préventifs de résolution) which provide for the resolution measures 
which the Resolution Authority may take, given its specific circumstances, when the institution meets 
the conditions for resolution. 
MREL and TLAC 
Since 1 January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, MREL 
pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The MREL aims at ensuring 
that credit institutions have sufficient loss absorption and recapitalization capacity to meet the resolution 
objectives, and avoiding institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the 
effectiveness of the Bail-in Power. 
On 9 November 2015, the FSB published the final principles and the FSB TLAC Term Sheet regarding 
the TLAC of G-SIBs, such as the Issuer, in resolution. The FSB principles seek to ensure that G-SIBs 
will have sufficient loss absorbing capacity available in a resolution of such an entity, in order to minimize 
any impact on financial stability, ensure the continuity of critical functions and avoid exposing taxpayers 
to loss. On 6 July 2017, the FSB issued guiding principles on the internal TLAC of G-SIBs. The TLAC 
requirements have applied since 1 January 2019 in accordance with the FSB principles. 
The TLAC requirements impose a level of “Minimum TLAC” for each G-SIB, in an amount at least equal 
to 18%, plus applicable buffers and 6.75% of the leverage ratio exposure since 1 January 2022 (each 
of which could be extended by additional firm-specific requirements). 
However, according to the Capital Requirements Regulation II, European Union G-SIBs, such as the 
Issuer, have to comply with TLAC and MREL requirements, in addition to capital requirements. The 
level of TLAC and MREL of the Issuer is calculated on a quarterly basis. As of 30 September 2023, the 
Issuer was above its MREL or TLAC Requirements. 
More broadly, the Capital Requirements Regulation II and the BRRD II, among other things, have given 
effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and modified the requirements applicable to MREL, which is 
bank-specific but with a strong component in junior instruments. 
Senior Notes 
Law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 has modified the rules governing the order of creditors’ 
claims applicable to French credit institutions under a judicial liquidation proceeding (liquidation 
judiciaire) to allow French credit institutions to issue TLAC-eligible instruments ranking senior 
(chirographaires) 
to 
ordinary 
subordinated 
instruments. 
Pursuant 
to 
such 
modification, 
Article L.613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier provides that debt securities issued by any 
French credit institution (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) with a minimum maturity of one year 
and whose terms and conditions provide that their ranking is as set forth in paragraph 4° of 
Article L.613-30-3 will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior non-preferred and therefore will rank junior in priority of payment to the senior 
preferred obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes). 
Article L.613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier has been amended by Ordinance 
No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 to state that senior non-preferred instruments issued as from 
28 December 2020 shall have a minimum denomination of 50,000 euros.  
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission issued the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance 
framework, this proposal will enable authorities to organise the orderly market exit for a failing bank of

--- Page 270 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
258 
 
 
 
 
any size and business model, with a broad range of tools. In particular, it is aimed at facilitating the use 
of industry-funded safety nets to shield depositors in banking crises, such as by transferring them from 
a failing bank to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets (deposit guarantee scheme and resolution 
funds) must only be a complement to the banks' internal loss absorption capacity, which remains the 
first line of defense. The proposal harmonizes further the standards of depositor protection across the 
EU. The new framework extends depositor protection to public entities (i.e. hospitals, schools, 
municipalities), as well as client money deposited in certain types of client funds (i.e. by investment 
companies, payment institutions, e-money institutions). 
Finally, the proposed reform amends the hierarchy of claims. Existing rules set out a three-tier depositor 
ranking, according to which claims are assessed in a resolution case: covered deposits and claims 
under the deposit guarantee schemes rank above non-covered deposits of households and small and 
medium enterprises, which rank above other non-covered deposits. In a majority of Member States like 
in France, non-covered deposits have the same ranking as other ordinary unsecured claims such as 
holders of senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes). 
The Commission proposal would entail two changes: the removal of the ‘super-preference' of claims 
under deposit guarantee schemes and the creation of a single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered 
deposits, claims under the deposit guarantee schemes, non-covered deposits of households and small 
and medium enterprises, other non-covered deposits). All deposits would rank above ordinary 
unsecured claims (such as Senior Preferred Notes). 
As a consequence, if the Commission proposal was adopted as is, senior preferred debt instruments 
(such as Senior Preferred Notes) would no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; 
instead, senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would rank junior in right 
of payment to the claims of all depositors. See “– Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Notes – Risks for 
Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer – The principal amount of the Notes may be reduced to absorb 
losses, and in case of a resolution procedure, the Notes may be written down or converted to equity or 
other resolution measures may be required by applicable French and European legislation” for further 
information. 
This Commission proposal will be discussed within Council and Parliament before a final adoption 
whose date is unknown. 
Creditor’s hierarchy since 28 December 2020 
Article 48(7) of BRRD, as amended by BRRD II required Member States to modify their national 
insolvency law to ensure that claims resulting from regulatory own funds rank in insolvency below any 
other claims that do not result from own funds as defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(hereafter the Own Funds). The implementation of this provision by Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 
21 December 2020 has modified the rules governing the order of creditors’ claims applicable to French 
credit institutions in insolvency proceedings. Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments and Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer issued before the entry into force of those provisions will keep their contractual 
ranking if they are, or have been, fully or partially recognized as Own Funds. 
A new Article L.613-30-3, I, 5° of the French Code monétaire et financier, states that, as from 
28 December 2020, it should not be possible for liabilities of a credit institution that are not constitutive 
of Own Funds to rank pari passu with Own Funds. 
Therefore, a ranking has been created for subordinated obligations or deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, issued as from 28 December 2020, that are fully disqualified as Tier 2 Capital Instruments 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer, ranking in priority to Tier 2 Capital Instruments 
and Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer in order to comply with Article 48(7) of BRRD II. 
Consequently, upon entry into force of the relevant provisions of Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 
21 December 2020 implementing this rule into French law in Article L. 613-30-3-I of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, the liabilities initially resulting from Own Funds that are fully disqualified will 
remain subordinated, but with a higher priority ranking than any liabilities resulting from Own Funds. 
Therefore, as long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as Tier 2 Capital Instruments, they will 
automatically rank as Tier 2 Capital Subordinated Notes, and, if they become Disqualified Capital 
Instruments, they will automatically rank as Disqualified Capital Notes, as provided in the status 
provisions provided for in Condition 3 of the English Law Conditions and Condition 2 of the French Law

--- Page 271 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
259 
 
 
 
 
Conditions (Status of the Notes), without any action from the Issuer and without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or the holders of any other Notes 
All subordinated notes or deeply subordinated notes issued by the Issuer prior to the date of entry into 
force of Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 that are, or have been, fully or partially 
recognized as Own Funds of the Issuer, rank as long as they are outstanding as Tier 2 Capital 
Instruments or Additional Tier 1 Capital Instruments of the Issuer as the case may be, in accordance 
with their contractual terms. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the current creditors’ hierarchy of the Issuer is as presented below: 
 
 
Steps Taken towards Achieving an EU Banking Union 
Banking union is expected to be achieved through new harmonized banking rules (the single rulebook) 
and a new institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution 
that are managed at the European level. Its two main pillars are the Single Supervision Mechanism (the 
SSM) and the Single Resolution Mechanism (the SRM Regulation), as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No. 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019 (the SRM Regulation II)). The SRM Regulation II amends the SRM 
Regulation as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; it was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019, came 
into force on 27 June 2019 and has been applicable since 28 December 2020. 
The SSM is provided for under Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 and represents a significant change in 
the approach to bank supervision at a European and global level. The main aims of European banking 
supervision are to ensure the safety and soundness of the European banking system, increase financial 
integration and stability and ensure consistent supervision. 
In accordance with the provisions of the SRM Regulation, when applicable, the SRB, has replaced the 
national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD with respect to all aspects relating to the 
decision-making process and the national resolution authorities designated under the BRRD continue 
to carry out activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. The 
provisions relating to the cooperation between the SRB and the national resolution authorities for the 
preparation of the banks’ resolution plans have applied since 1 January 2015 and the SRM Regulation 
has been fully operational since 1 January 2016. 
French insolvency law 
The Issuer, being a credit institution having its registered office in France, may be subject to French 
insolvency law.  
Creditors' hierarchy
Senior Preferred 
debt
Senior Non-
Preferred debt 
Disqualified Capital 
debt
Tier 2 Capital debt 
Additional Tier 1
Capital debt

--- Page 272 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
260 
 
 
 
 
Under French insolvency law, as amended by the newly enacted ordinance No. 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021 implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and the Council 
of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and 
discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the Ordinance), in the event of a safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde 
accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view to 
restructuring the Issuer’s indebtedness being opened in France with respect to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders shall be treated as Affected Parties (as defined below) to the extent their rights are 
impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of Affected Parties, provided (save in respect of an 
accelerated safeguard procedure) that the Issuer has more than 250 employees and a net turnover of 
more than EUR 20 million, or, alternatively, a net turnover of more than EUR 40 million (assessed on a 
consolidated basis) at the time of opening of the relevant procedure. Under these circumstances, the 
following provisions (including the cross-class cramdown mechanism) would apply to the Noteholders.  
Under the Ordinance, the following are deemed to be Affected Parties and therefore entitled to vote on 
the draft plan (i) those creditors (including the Noteholders) whose pre-petition claims or rights are 
directly affected by the draft plan (such as the repayment terms of the Notes) (the Affected Creditors) 
and (ii) those shareholders and holders of security granting access to the debtor’s share capital, 
provided that their equity interests in the debtor, debtor’s bylaws or their rights are affected/amended 
by the draft plan (the Equity Holders, together with the Affected Creditors, the Affected Parties)). They 
will be gathered in classes of Affected Parties reflecting a sufficient commonality of economic interests 
on the basis of objective and verifiable criteria set by the court-appointed administrator, which must at 
a minimum comply with the following conditions: 
- 
unsecured creditors and secured creditors benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) 
over a debtor’s asset shall be split in different classes;  
- 
existing subordination agreements are to be complied with (to the extent they have been 
notified in due course by the Affected Parties to the court-appointed administrator);  
- 
Equity Holders form one or several distinct classes. 
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the relevant debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed 
administrator, is submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of the classes of Affected Parties. 
Such Affected Parties cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard procedures (as opposed 
to judicial reorganisation proceedings). 
The contents of the draft plan remain flexible as was the case in the previous regime and may, inter 
alia, include a rescheduling, partial or total debt write-off, and/or debt-for-equity swaps. 
If the draft safeguard plan has been approved by each class of Affected Parties, the Court approves the 
plan after verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting Affected Parties are complied with, 
including in particular (i) that the Affected Parties which share a sufficient commonality of interest within 
the same class are treated equally and proportionally to their claims or rights; (ii) that where certain 
Affected Parties (within one class) have voted against the draft plan, none of these Affected Parties is 
in a less favorable situation (as a result of the plan) than it would be in judicial liquidation, in the context 
of a court-ordered disposal plan or in the context of a better alternative solution if the plan was not 
approved; and (iii), as the case may be, that any new financing is necessary to implement the plan and 
does not unduly prejudice the Affected Parties’ interests. Once approved, the plan is binding on all 
parties. 
The Court can refuse to approve the plan if there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the 
debtor to avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business.

--- Page 273 ---
Governmental Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer 
 
261 
 
 
 
 
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of Affected Parties, such plan may (at the request 
of the debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the relevant debtor’s approval (or at the 
request of an Affected Party’s in the context of judicial reorganisation proceedings)) be imposed on the 
dissenting class(es) of Affected Parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions (known 
as the “cross-clam cramdown mechanism”) in addition to the afore-mentioned conditions, including in 
particular: 
- 
approval of the plan (i) by a majority of classes of Affected Parties comprising a class of 
creditors ranking above the unsecured creditors or, failing that, (ii) by one of the classes of 
Affected Parties entitled to vote, other than an Equity Holders class and any other class 
which one could reasonably assume, based on the enterprise value of the debtor assessed 
as a going concern, that it would not be entitled to any payment if the order of priority 
applicable in judicial liquidation or in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan were to 
be applied;  
- 
satisfaction in full by the same or equivalent means of the claims of the Affected Parties 
belonging to a dissenting class where a lower-ranking class is entitled to payment or to 
keep an interest (intéressement) under the draft plan known as the absolute priority rule. 
By exception, at the debtor’s or the court-appointed administrator’s request (with the 
agreement of the debtor), the Court may decide to set aside the absolute priority rule if it 
is necessary to achieve the plan’s objectives and subject to the plan not overly prejudicing 
the rights and interests of the Affected Parties. 
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of Affected Parties may be 
overridden within the said class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders as further 
described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) of the English Law 
Conditions and Condition 12 (Meeting and voting provisions) of the French Law Conditions will not be 
applicable to the extent they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these 
circumstances. 
The ACPR must approve in advance the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganization or judicial 
liquidation procedures.

--- Page 274 ---
Taxation 
 
262 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
THE FOLLOWING SECTION PROVIDES AN OVERVIEW LIMITED TO INFORMATION ON TAXES 
ON THE INCOME FROM THE NOTES WITHHELD AT SOURCE IN RESPECT OF FRANCE, WHICH 
IS AT THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS (I) THE COUNTRY OF THE REGISTERED OFFICE 
OF THE ISSUER (WITH RESPECT OF FRANCE) AND (II) THE COUNTRY WHERE OFFERS OF 
NOTES MAY BE MADE (IN RESPECT OF SWITZERLAND OR SINGAPORE) OR ADMISSION TO 
TRADING MAY BE SOUGHT (IN RESPECT OF SWITZERLAND). THIS OVERVIEW IS BASED ON 
THE LAWS IN FORCE IN FRANCE, IN SWITZERLAND AND IN SINGAPORE AS OF THE DATE OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND AS CURRENTLY APPLIED BY THE RELEVANT TAX 
AUTHORITIES AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGES IN LAW OR DIFFERENT INTERPRETATION. 
SUCH INFORMATION IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE AN EXHAUSTIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE 
POTENTIAL TAX ISSUES ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES. ACCORDINGLY, ANY INVESTOR 
CONSIDERING AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES SHOULD OBTAIN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVICE 
ON THE TAXATION IMPLICATIONS FOR IT, IN EACH RELEVANT JURISDICTION, OF 
PURCHASING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF ANY NOTE. 
FRANCE  
French withholding tax 
The following is an overview of certain withholding tax considerations that may be relevant to 
Noteholders who do not hold their Notes in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base 
in France and who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. Noteholders who hold their Notes in 
connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed base in France and/or concurrently hold shares 
of the Issuer may be impacted by other rules not described in the present section. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer with respect to Notes 
will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des 
impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou 
territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts 
(a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts. The list of Non-Cooperative States may be amended at any time and is 
published by a ministerial executive order, which is updated, in principle, on a yearly basis. 
The list of Non-Cooperative State is updated regularly and, in principle, once a year. The last list of 
Non-Cooperative States was published in a decree dated 3 February 2023 and include the following 
Non-Cooperative States: British Virgin Islands, Seychelles, Anguilla, Panama, Bahamas, Turks and 
Caicos Islands, Vanuatu, Fiji, Guam, American Virgin Islands, Palau, American Samoa, Samoa and 
Trinidad and Tobago. 
If such payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 
2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will 
be applicable (subject, where relevant, to certain exceptions and notably the Exception referred below 
and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III 
of the French Code général des impôts. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
assimilated revenues under the Notes will not be deductible from the taxable income of the Issuer (in 
circumstances where it would otherwise be deductible), if they are paid or have accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid into a bank account opened in a financial 
institution located in a Non-Cooperative State (the Non-Deductibility). Under certain conditions, any 
such non-deductible interest or other assimilated revenues may be recharacterized as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case it may 
be subject to the withholding tax provided under Article 119 bis, 2 of the French Code général des 
impôts, at a rate of (i) 25 per cent. for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax 
residents; (ii) 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents or (iii)

--- Page 275 ---
Taxation 
 
263 
 
 
 
 
75 per cent., subject, if, and irrespective of the holder’s residence for tax purposes or registered 
headquarters, payments are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 
bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, where relevant, to certain exceptions and 
to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax nor, to the extent the relevant 
interest and other assimilated revenues relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or 
exaggerated amount, the Non-Deductibility and therefore the withholding tax set out under Article 119 
bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts that may be levied at the result of the Non-Deductibility 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of 
such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest or other assimilated revenues to 
be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception).  
Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques – Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 
6 June 2023, n°290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 dated 14 June 2022, n°150, an issue of Notes will be 
deemed to have a qualifying purpose and effect, and accordingly will be able to benefit from the 
Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of 
Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or 
submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, 
or by such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a 
securities delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Consequently, payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer under the Notes 
are not subject to the withholding taxes set out under Article 125 A III or Article 119 bis 2 of the French 
Code général des impôts even if said revenues are paid to a bank account opened in a financial 
institution located in a Non-Cooperative State or are accrued or paid to persons established or domiciled 
in a Non-Cooperative State and the Deductibility Exclusion does not apply to such payments. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other 
assimilated revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in 
France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is an advance payment made in respect 
of their personal income tax in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social 
contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding tax at 
a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other assimilated revenues received by individuals who 
are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France subject to certain exceptions. 
SWITZERLAND 
The following is a summary only of the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice in 
Switzerland relating to certain Swiss tax aspects of the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Because this summary does not address all tax considerations under Swiss law and as the 
specific tax situation of an investor cannot be considered in this context, investors are

--- Page 276 ---
Taxation 
 
264 
 
 
 
 
recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, sale or redemption of and the income derived from the Notes issued under 
the Programme including, in particular, the effect of tax laws of any other jurisdiction. 
Income Tax 
Notes are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by investors resident in Switzerland  
Pursuant to the principles of Swiss income taxation, capital gains are in principle Swiss personal income 
tax exempt for (i) federal direct tax purposes if realised upon a disposal or exchange of movable and 
immovable private assets and for (ii) cantonal/municipal direct tax purposes if realised upon a disposal 
or exchange of movable private assets whereas investment income (such as, but not limited to, interest, 
dividends, including deemed or calculatory income, etc.) deriving from private assets is subject to Swiss 
personal income tax. However, any capital losses sustained in relation to private assets are not tax 
deductible. Hence, (i) capital gains realised upon a sale or redemption of the Notes or (ii) income derived 
from the Notes stemming from capital gains are in principle Swiss personal income tax exempt for an 
investor resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as private assets whereas investment income 
deriving from the Notes is in principle subject to Swiss personal income tax.  
Notes are held as business assets (Geschäftsvermögen) by investors resident in Switzerland 
Pursuant to the principles of Swiss income taxation, capital gains realised upon disposal, exchange or 
re-evaluation of business assets are in general subject to (i) either Swiss personal income tax with 
respect to individuals or (ii) to Swiss corporate income tax with respect to corporations in the same 
manner as any other commercial or investment income. However, as capital gains in relation to 
business assets are in principle fully taxable, it follows that capital loss in relation to business assets is 
tax deductible. Hence, (i) capital gains realised upon a sale, exchange, redemption or re-evaluation of 
the Notes or (ii) income derived from the Notes, irrespective of whether such income stems from 
investment income or capital gains, are in principle subject to either Swiss personal income tax with 
respect to an individual investor resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as business assets or subject 
to Swiss corporate income tax with respect to a corporate investor resident in Switzerland. This taxation 
treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
"professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments 
in securities. 
Withholding Tax 
The Swiss federal withholding tax is in principle levied on income (such as, but not limited to, interest, 
pensions, profit distributions, including deemed or calculatory income, etc.) from, amongst others, 
bonds and other similar negotiable debt instruments issued by a Swiss tax resident or deemed Swiss 
tax resident (Inländer), distributions from Swiss tax resident corporations or deemed Swiss tax resident 
corporations, interest on deposits with Swiss banks as well as distributions of or in connection with 
Swiss tax resident collective investment schemes or deemed Swiss tax resident collective investment 
schemes. For Swiss federal withholding tax purposes, an individual or corporation qualifies as such 
Swiss tax resident (Inländer) being subject to withholding taxation if it (i) is resident in Switzerland, (ii) 
has its permanent abode in Switzerland, (iii) is a company incorporated under Swiss law having its 
statutory seat in Switzerland, (iv) is a company incorporated under foreign law but with a registered 
office in Switzerland, or (v) is a company incorporated under foreign law but is managed and conducts 
business activities in Switzerland. Hence, as long as the Notes are not issued by an issuer qualifying 
as a Swiss tax resident for the purposes of the Swiss withholding tax, income derived from the Notes is 
in principle not subject to Swiss withholding tax. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published a consultation draft on the reform of the Swiss 
withholding tax system applicable to interest. If enacted in its current form, this consultation draft would, 
among other things and subject to certain exceptions, replace the current debtor-based regime 
applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under this 
paying agent-based regime, subject to certain exceptions, (i) all interest payments made by paying

--- Page 277 ---
Taxation 
 
265 
 
 
 
 
agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland would be subject to Swiss withholding tax, 
including any such interest payments made on bonds issued by issuers outside Switzerland, and (ii) 
interest payments to all other persons, including to investors resident outside Switzerland, would be 
exempt from Swiss withholding tax. 
Securities Transfer Tax 
Swiss securities transfer tax is levied on the transfer of ownership against consideration of certain 
taxable securities (including, but not limited to, bonds) if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss Federal Stamp Tax Act) is involved as a party or an intermediary in the transaction and no 
exemption applies. Hence, secondary market transactions in the Notes are subject to Swiss securities 
transfer tax, calculated on the purchase price or sales proceed, if the Notes are qualified as taxable 
securities, provided that a Swiss securities dealer is involved as a party or an intermediary in the 
transaction and no exemption applies.  
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the AEOI) in tax matters, which applies to all 28 EU member states and 
some other jurisdictions. In addition, Switzerland has signed the multilateral competent authority 
agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information (the MCAA), and based on the 
MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries. Based on such agreements and 
the implementing laws of Switzerland, depending on the date of effectiveness of the applicable 
agreement, Switzerland began in 2017, or will begin at a later date, to collect data in respect of financial 
assets including Shares held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits 
with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state 
or in a treaty state, and began in 2018, or will at a later date begin, as the case may be, to 
exchange it with the authorities in the relevant jurisdiction. In addition, Switzerland has signed 
and will sign further AEOI agreements with further countries. An up-to-date list of the AEOI 
agreements to which Switzerland is a party can be found on the website of the State Secretariat 
for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account 
holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not 
be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the 
scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the convention signed on 2 October 1996 between 
the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the avoidance of double taxation with 
respect to taxes on income (the Treaty). On 20 September 2019, Switzerland and the United States 
ratified the 2009 protocol (the Protocol) amending the Treaty. Upon the subsequent exchange of the 
ratification instruments, the amended Treaty entered into force. The Protocol introduced a mechanism 
for the exchange of information upon request in tax matters between Switzerland and the United States, 
which mechanism is in line with international standards and allows the United States to make group 
requests under FATCA concerning non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-"foreign 
financial institutions" for periods from 30 June 2014. Furthermore, on 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal 
Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the United States regarding a change from the current 
direct notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal 
Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax authorities. It is not yet known 
when negotiations will continue or when any new regime would come into force. 
SINGAPORE 
The statements below are general in nature and are based on the laws (including certain aspects of 
current tax laws in Singapore and administrative guidelines and circulars issued by the Monetary

--- Page 278 ---
Taxation 
 
266 
 
 
 
 
Authority of Singapore (MAS) and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS)) in force as at the 
date hereof and are subject to any changes in such laws, administrative guidelines or circulars, or the 
interpretation of those laws, guidelines or circulars, occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. These laws, guidelines and circulars are also subject to various 
interpretations and the relevant tax authorities or the courts could later disagree with the explanations 
or conclusions set out below. Neither these statements nor any other statements in this disclosure are 
intended or are to be regarded as advice on the tax position of any holder of the Notes or of any person 
acquiring, selling or otherwise dealing with the Notes or on any tax implications arising from the 
acquisition, sale or other dealings in respect of the Notes. The statements made herein do not purport 
to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and do not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
financial institutions in Singapore which have been granted the relevant Financial Sector Incentive(s)) 
may be subject to special rules or tax rates. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to consult 
their own professional tax advisers as to the Singapore or other tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership of or disposal of the Notes, including, in particular, the effect of any foreign, state or local tax 
laws to which they are subject. It is emphasised that none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers and 
any other persons involved in the Programme or the issuance of the Notes accepts responsibility for 
any tax effects or liabilities resulting from the subscription for, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
This tax disclosure has also been drafted on the assumption that IRAS regards each tranche of the 
Notes as “debt securities” for the purposes of the Income Tax Act 1947 of Singapore (ITA) and that 
distribution payments made under each tranche of the Notes will be regarded as interest payable on 
indebtedness such that holders thereof may therefore enjoy the tax concessions and exemptions 
available for qualifying debt securities, provided that the conditions for the Qualifying Debt Securities 
Scheme (as set out hereunder) are satisfied. If any tranche of the Notes is not regarded as “debt 
securities” for the purposes of the ITA, or any distribution payment made under any tranche of the Notes 
is not regarded as interest payable on indebtedness or holders thereof are not eligible for the tax 
concessions under the Qualifying Debt Securities scheme, the tax treatment to holders may differ. 
Investors and holders of any tranche of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers regarding the 
Singapore income tax consequences of their acquisition, holding and disposal of any tranche of the 
Notes. 
Interest and Other Payments 
Generally, interest and other payments derived by a holder of the Notes who is not resident in Singapore 
and who does not have any permanent establishment in Singapore is not subject to tax, as such income 
is likely to be regarded as arising from a source outside Singapore, given that the Issuer is issuing the 
Notes outside Singapore and not through a branch, permanent establishment or otherwise in 
Singapore. However, even if such interest and payments are regarded as sourced in Singapore, such 
interest and other payments may also be exempt from tax, including withholding of tax, if the Notes 
qualify as “qualifying debt securities” as discussed below. 
Subject to the following paragraphs, under Section 12(6) of the ITA, the following payments are deemed 
to be derived from Singapore: 
(a) 
any interest, commission, fee or any other payment in connection with any loan or indebtedness 
or with any arrangement, management, guarantee, or service relating to any loan or 
indebtedness which is (i) borne, directly or indirectly, by a person resident in Singapore or a 
permanent establishment in Singapore (except in respect of any business carried on outside 
Singapore through a permanent establishment outside Singapore or any immovable property 
situated outside Singapore) or (ii) deductible against any income accruing in or derived from 
Singapore; or 
(b) 
any income derived from loans where the funds provided by such loans are brought into or used 
in Singapore.

--- Page 279 ---
Taxation 
 
267 
 
 
 
 
Such payments, where made to a person not known to the paying party to be a resident in Singapore 
for tax purposes, are generally subject to withholding tax in Singapore. The rate at which tax is to be 
withheld for such payments (other than those subject to the 15% final withholding tax described below) 
to non-resident persons (other than non-resident individuals) is the prevailing corporate tax rate, 
currently 17%. The applicable rate for non-resident individuals is 24% from the year of assessment 
2024 onwards. However, if the payment is derived by a person not resident in Singapore otherwise than 
from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on or exercised by such person in Singapore 
and is not effectively connected with any permanent establishment in Singapore of that person, the 
payment is subject to a final withholding tax of 15%. The rate of 15% may be reduced by applicable tax 
treaties. 
However, certain Singapore-sourced investment income derived by individuals from financial 
instruments is exempt from tax, including: 
(i) 
interest from debt securities derived on or after 1 January 2004;  
(ii) 
discount income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading) from debt 
securities derived on or after 17 February 2006; and  
(iii) 
early redemption fee and redemption premium from debt securities derived on or after 15 
February 2007,  
except where such income is derived through a partnership in Singapore or is derived from the carrying 
on of a trade, business or profession in Singapore. 
Qualifying Debt Securities Scheme 
Pursuant to the “qualifying debt securities” scheme under the ITA, if more than half of the Notes issued 
under a tranche of the Programme are distributed by “specified licensed entities” (as defined below), 
such tranche of the Notes which are issued under the Programme during the period from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to (and including) 31 December 2028 and which are regarded as debt securities 
by IRAS for the purposes of the ITA would be “qualifying debt securities” for the purposes of the ITA, 
to which the following treatments shall apply: 
(i) 
subject to certain prescribed conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the 
Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities 
in respect of the Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify and 
such other particulars in connection with the Notes as the MAS may require, and the inclusion 
by the Issuer in all offering documents relating to the Notes of a statement to the effect that 
where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium from the Notes 
is derived by a person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operation in 
Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption for qualifying 
debt securities shall not apply if the non-resident person acquires the Notes using the funds of 
such person’s operations through the Singapore permanent establishment), interest, discount 
income (not including discount income arising from secondary trading), early redemption fee or 
redemption premium (collectively, the “Qualifying Income”) from the Notes paid by the Issuer 
and derived by a holder who is not resident in Singapore and who (aa) does not have any 
permanent establishment in Singapore or (bb) carries on any operation in Singapore through a 
permanent establishment in Singapore but the funds used by that person to acquire the Notes 
are not obtained from such person's operation through a permanent establishment in 
Singapore, are exempt from Singapore income tax;  
(ii) 
subject to certain conditions having been fulfilled (including the furnishing by the Issuer, or such 
other person as the MAS may direct, to the MAS of a return on debt securities in respect of the 
Notes in the prescribed format within such period as the MAS may specify and such other 
particulars in connection with the Notes as the MAS may require), Qualifying Income from the 
Notes derived by any company or body of persons (as defined in the ITA) in Singapore is

--- Page 280 ---
Taxation 
 
268 
 
 
 
 
subject to income tax at a concessionary rate of 10% (except for holders of the relevant 
Financial Sector Incentive(s) who may be taxed at different rates); and  
(iii) 
subject to:  
(a) 
the Issuer including in all offering documents relating to the Notes a statement to the 
effect that any person whose interest, discount income, early redemption fee or 
redemption premium derived from the Notes is not exempt from tax shall include such 
income in a return of income made under the ITA; and  
(b) 
the Issuer, or such other person as the MAS may direct, furnishing to the MAS a return 
on debt securities in respect of the Notes in the prescribed format within such period as 
the MAS may specify and such other particulars in connection with the Notes as the 
MAS may require,  
payments of Qualifying Income derived from the Notes are not subject to withholding of tax by 
the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(A) 
if during the primary launch of any tranche of Notes, the Notes of such tranche are issued to 
fewer than four (4) persons and 50% or more of the issue of such Notes is beneficially held or 
funded, directly or indirectly, by related parties of the Issuer, such Notes would not qualify as 
“qualifying debt securities”; and  
(B) 
even though a particular tranche of Notes are “qualifying debt securities”, if, at any time during 
the tenure of such tranche of Notes, 50% or more of the issue of such Notes which are 
outstanding at any time during the life of their issue is beneficially held or funded, directly or 
indirectly, by any related party(ies) of the Issuer, Qualifying Income derived from such Notes 
held by:  
(i) 
any related party of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
any other person where the funds used by such person to acquire such Notes are 
obtained, directly or indirectly, from any related party of the Issuer,  
shall not be eligible for the tax exemption or concessionary rate of tax as described above. 
The term “related party”, in relation to a person (A), means any person (a) who directly or indirectly 
controls A; (b) who is being controlled directly or indirectly by A; or (c) who, together with A, is directly 
or indirectly under the control of a common person.  
The terms “early redemption fee” and “redemption premium” are defined in the ITA as follows: 
“early redemption fee”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any fee 
payable by the issuer of the securities on the early redemption of the securities; and  
“redemption premium”, in relation to debt securities and qualifying debt securities, means any 
premium payable by the issuer of the securities on the redemption of the securities upon their maturity 
or on early redemption of the securities.  
References to “early redemption fee” and “redemption premium” in this Singapore tax disclosure 
have the same meaning as defined in the ITA. 
The term “specified licensed entities” means the following entities: 
(i) 
any bank or merchant bank licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore; 
(ii) 
any finance company licensed under the Finance Companies Act 1967 of Singapore; or 
(iii) 
a person who holds a capital markets services licence under the Securities and Futures Act 
 
2001 of Singapore to carry on a business in any of the following regulated activities: 
 
(a) 
advising on corporate finance; 
 
(b) 
dealing in capital markets products; or

--- Page 281 ---
Taxation 
 
269 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
such other person as may be prescribed by rules made under Section 7 of the ITA. 
Where interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium is derived from the Notes 
by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations in Singapore through 
a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for qualifying debt securities 
under the ITA (as mentioned above) shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds 
and profits of such person’s operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, early redemption fee or redemption premium which is derived from 
the Notes is not exempt from tax is required to include such income in a return of income made under 
the ITA. 
It is not clear whether any particular tranche of Notes that is subject to mandatory write down or 
conversion to equity or other instruments of ownership will be regarded as debt securities by the IRAS 
for the purposes of the ITA and whether the tax concessions available for qualifying debt securities 
under the qualifying debt securities scheme (as set out above) would apply to such tranche of Notes. 
In addition, there is also no assurance that any tranche of Notes will be able to enjoy such tax 
concessions should the relevant tax laws be amended or revoked at any time. 
Capital Gains 
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of the Notes will generally not 
be taxable in Singapore. However, any gains derived by any person from the sale of the Notes which 
are gains from any trade, business, profession or vocation carried on by that person, if accruing in or 
derived from Singapore, may be taxable as such gains are considered revenue in nature. In addition, 
gains from the sale or disposal of Notes or any rights of interests thereof that occurs on or after 
1 January 2024 that are received in Singapore from outside Singapore by an entity of a relevant group 
(within the meaning of Section 10L(5)(b) of the ITA) in Singapore may be treated as income chargeable 
to tax, subject to certain exceptions. 
There are no specific laws or regulations which deal with the characterisation of capital gains. The 
characterisation of the gains arising from a sale of the Notes will depend on the individual facts and 
circumstances of the holder relating to the sale of the Notes.  
Holders of the Notes who apply or who are required to apply Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 
39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (“FRS 39”), Singapore Financial Reporting 
Standard 109 – Financial Instruments (“FRS 109”) or Singapore Financial Reporting Standard 
(International) 9 (“SFRS(I) 9”) (as the case may be), may for Singapore income tax purposes be required 
to recognise gains or losses (not being gains or losses in the nature of capital) on the Notes, irrespective 
of disposal, in accordance with the provisions of FRS 39, FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be). 
Please see the section below on “Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 and SFRS(I) 9 for Singapore Income 
Tax Purposes”. 
Adoption of FRS 39, FRS 109 and SFRS(I) 9 for Singapore Income Tax Purposes 
Section 34A of the ITA provides for the tax treatment for financial instruments in accordance with FRS 
39 (subject to certain exceptions and “opt-out” provisions) to taxpayers who are required to comply 
with FRS 39 for financial reporting purposes. The IRAS has also issued an e-tax guide entitled “Income 
Tax Implications Arising from the Adoption of FRS 39 – Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”.  
FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be) is mandatorily effective for annual periods beginning on or 
after 1 January 2018, replacing FRS 39. Section 34AA of the ITA requires taxpayers who comply or 
who are required to comply with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 for financial reporting purposes to calculate their 
profit, loss or expense for Singapore income tax purposes in respect of financial instruments in 
accordance with FRS 109 or SFRS(I) 9 (as the case may be), subject to certain exceptions. The IRAS 
has also issued an e-tax guide entitled “Income Tax: Income Tax Treatment Arising from Adoption of 
FRS 109 – Financial Instruments”.

--- Page 282 ---
Taxation 
 
270 
 
 
 
 
Holders of the Notes who may be subject to the tax treatment under sections 34A or 34AA of the ITA 
should consult their own accounting and tax advisers regarding the Singapore income tax 
consequences of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Estate Duty 
Singapore estate duty has been abolished with respect to all deaths occurring on or after 
15 February 2008.

--- Page 283 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
271 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Under an amended and restated English law programme agreement and a French law programme 
agreement (together, the Programme Agreements, which expression includes the same as it may be 
modified and/or supplemented and/or amended from time to time), the Dealers have agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes above. In the Programme Agreements, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. In addition, the Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (as 
applicable) as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). Any such modification will be set out (if applicable) in 
the subscription agreement in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Jurisdictions outside the EEA 
Switzerland  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, 
regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the 
marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes, or the distribution of any marketing or offering 
material in respect of the Notes, in or from Switzerland and (ii) if applicable, the requirements in respect 
of the distribution of CHF SIS Notes set out in Condition 1 of the English Law Conditions.  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes to be issued under the Programme must not be 
offered to clients in Switzerland which qualify as private clients within the meaning of article 4 of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) and who have to be provided with a key information 
document pursuant to article 8 of the FinSA. 
If pursuant to section “Public Offers on a non-exempt basis – Switzerland” in Part B of the Final Terms 
a public offering in Switzerland is “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to 
the public in Switzerland, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in Switzerland: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA (a Non-exempt Offer), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by a 
competent review body under the FinSA or, where appropriate, approved by a recognized 
foreign authority and filed with a competent review body under the FinSA for automatic 
acceptance in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that (i) the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any investor which is a professional client as defined in the FinSA;

--- Page 284 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
272 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(d) 
where the Notes being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency); or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of 
the FinSA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
article 56 of the FinSA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means any promotion and invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to acquire 
Notes that contains sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the financial instrument itself. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer and each distributor of an issue will represent and agree that neither it nor any of its 
affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not 
being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Hong Kong 
This Prospectus has not been approved by or registered with the Securities and Futures Commission 
of Hong Kong or the Registrar of Companies of Hong Kong. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in 
the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(b)  
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents 
of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional

--- Page 285 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
273 
 
 
 
 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that 
Ordinance. 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been, and shall not be offered, sold 
or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than “professional institutional investors” as defined 
under Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act of the ROC (Professional 
Institutional Investors). Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the 
Notes except by transfer to Professional Institutional Investors. 
Singapore  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the 
SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Singapore SFA Product Classification: Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the CMP Regulations), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations) and "Excluded

--- Page 286 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
274 
 
 
 
 
Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or 
sold and shall not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of 
Japan. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. Person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (other than 
Permanently Restricted Notes) (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until the day 
immediately following forty (40) calendar days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, as determined and certified by the Fiscal Agent to such Dealer 
or Dealer (as the case may be) or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons and that it 
will not at any time offer, sell or deliver Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, within the 
United States or to, or for the benefit or account of, U. S. Persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer 
or Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or any other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until the day immediately following forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the 
offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer or Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
French law Dematerialised Notes which are, in each case, designated in the Final Terms as 
Permanently Restricted Notes, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, 
traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, redemption, 
transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. Person will not be recognised. French Law Notes may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. Person and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United 
States to persons that are not U.S. Persons in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 287 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
275 
 
 
 
 
French law Dematerialised Notes which are not designated as Permanently Restricted Notes and 
French law Materialised Notes, or, in each case any interest therein, may not be offered or sold in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) in 
relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC). Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes 
for issue or sale in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in 
Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, unless  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 
(or its equivalent in an alternative currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or 
its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a ‘‘retail client’’ within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) 
in so far as it is applicable, the transfer complies with Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 
dated 21 March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority as 
if it applied to the Issuer mutatis mutandis (and which requires all offers of any parcels 
of Notes to be for an aggregate principal amount of at least A$500,000); 
(iv) 
such action complies with all applicable laws and regulations or directives in Australia; 
and  
(v) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC.  
United Kingdom 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(FSMA) (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be 
treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 288 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
276 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other Selling Restriction with respect to the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA)) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Jurisdictions within the EEA  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the

--- Page 289 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
277 
 
 
 
 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt 
Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided 
that (i) the Issuer has given its written consent and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 290 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
278 
 
 
 
 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has severally 
but not jointly represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
severally but not jointly be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in the Republic in Italy (Italy) and that copies of this Base 
Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes have not and will not be distributed in Italy by 
it, except (i) to qualified investors, as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation, pursuant 
to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented by Article 35, 
paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB Regulations No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (the Intermediaries 
Regulation); or (ii) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “offer of Notes to the public in Italy” means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide purchase or subscribe the Notes, including 
the placement through authorised intermediaries. 
Each Dealer has severally but not jointly represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will severally but not jointly be required to represent and agree that any such 
offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, or any other 
document relating to the Notes, by it in Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be effected in accordance with 
all Italian securities, tax, exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, 
must be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Intermediaries Regulation, 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the Banking Act) (in 
each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws or regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the issue or the offer of securities in; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be 
imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authorities. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, delivery or 
resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Please refer to the selling restrictions under the heading "Public Offer Selling Restriction under the 
Prospectus Regulation". 
The Republic of Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered for public offering under the Financial Investments 
Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea (the FSCMA). Accordingly, each Dealer represents and 
agrees that (i) the number of residents in Korea (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law 
of Korea (FETL) and its Enforcement Decree) and persons in Korea to whom the Notes have been and 
will be offered shall be fewer than 50 (as calculated in accordance with the Enforcement Decree of the 
FSCMA), and (ii) the number of Notes (where, for this purpose, the minimum specified denomination of 
the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall constitute one Note) offered in Korea or to 
a resident in Korea shall be fewer than 50. Furthermore, the Notes shall not be divided or redenominated 
within 1 year from the issuance. Except for the Notes offered in Korea or to a resident in Korea in 
accordance with the aforementioned restriction, none of the Notes may be offered, sold and delivered

--- Page 291 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
279 
 
 
 
 
directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Korea or to any resident of Korea within 1 year from the issuance of the Notes, except pursuant to the 
applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the purchaser of the Notes shall comply with all 
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to requirements under the FETL) in 
connection with the purchase of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus or any offering material, and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription 
agreement (if applicable) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 292 ---
Approval from the French Autorité des marchés financiers 
 
280 
 
 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained and incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts in any material respect and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import in any material respect. The Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
duly represented by: 
Mrs. Claire DUMAS 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
19 December 2023 
 
APPROVAL FROM THE AUTORITE DES MARCHES FINANCIERS 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 19 December 2023 under the approval number n°23-518 
by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such 
Notes.  
It is valid until 19 December 2024 and shall be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in 
the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 293 ---
General Information 
 
281 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
All necessary authorisations, consents or approvals in France for the update of the Programme have 
been obtained by the Issuer. Any issue of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes 
constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate to any person the power to decide the issue 
of such Notes within a one-year period.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Admission to Trading on Euronext Paris 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. In compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, application may also be made at the Issuer’s request for the notification of certificate of 
approval to the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier in Luxembourg and to any other 
competent authority of any other Member State of the EEA in order for the Notes to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and on any other stock 
exchange in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilising manager(s) (the Stabilising Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market value of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is 
no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
Availability of Documents 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will, when published, 
be available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business 
hours on any weekday from the head office of Société Générale and from the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents: 
(a) 
copies of the by-laws (statuts) of Société Générale (with English translations thereof); 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant, the English Law Agency Agreement (which includes, inter alia, the forms 
of the global Notes (including Registered Global Notes), the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, 
Coupons and Talons and Notes in definitive form) and the French Law Agency Agreement (which 
notably includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global Certificates, the 
Definitive Materialised Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
further base prospectus and supplements with respect thereto, as the case may be;  
(d) 
any documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or in any further base 
prospectus, as the case may be;

--- Page 294 ---
General Information 
 
282 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the 
public in France and/or in Luxembourg and/or in Switzerland; and 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the relevant Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Programme, the documents referred to in (d) above 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com/)). The last version of the 
document referred to in (a) is contained in the 2023 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer. 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, the following documents will be available, on the websites 
of 
the 
Autorité 
des 
marchés 
financiers 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com): 
(g) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(h) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or offered to the public in 
France and/or in Luxembourg; and 
(i) 
only on the above captured website of the Issuer, a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are 
listed and admitted to trading on SIX Swiss Exchange and/or offered to the public in Switzerland. 
No Material Adverse Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2022. 
No significant change in financial position or financial performance 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), there has been no significant change in 
the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 30 September 2023. 
Description of any recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (as supplemented), there have been no recent events which 
the Issuer considers material to the investors since the publication of the Third Amendment to the 2023 
Universal Registration Document. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed on page 47 of this Base Prospectus, on the pages listed in item 11.3 “Legal and 
arbitration proceedings” of the cross-reference list, for a period covering the last twelve months, there 
has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts which are 
material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes thereunder to which Société Générale 
is a party nor, to the best of the knowledge and belief of Société Générale, are there any pending or 
threatened governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to such claims or amounts which are 
material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes thereunder which would in either case 
jeopardise the Issuer's ability to discharge its obligations in respect of the Programme or of Notes issued 
thereunder. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream will be set out in the Final Terms. Notes may be held through 
additional or alternative clearing systems (including, without limitation, SIX SIS Ltd), in which case the 
appropriate information will be contained in the Final Terms.

--- Page 295 ---
General Information 
 
283 
 
 
 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be inscribed either with the Issuer 
or with the Registration Agent. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg; and the address of Euroclear France is 
66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the Final Terms will specify the yield. The yield will be calculated at the 
time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Currency 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
(i) 
“€”, “Euro”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999; 
(ii) 
“£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; 
(iii) 
“$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
(iv) 
“¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan; 
(v) 
“CHF” or “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation; 
(vi) 
“CNY”, “CNH” or “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China (the 
PRC), which for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, excludes Taiwan and the Special 
Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong Kong and Macau; and 
(vii) 
any three letter alphabetic currency codes shall designate the currency, and shall have the 
meaning given to them, pursuant to ISO 4217 (the international standard currency code 
established by the International Organisation for Standardisation). 
Statutory auditors 
The statutory auditors of Société Générale are Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the French 
Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes) represented by Mr. Micha Missakian, Tour First, 
TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France and Deloitte & Associés (member of the French 
Compagnie régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) represented by Mr. 
Jean-Marc Mickeler, 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France, who have 
audited Société Générale's consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements, without 
qualification, in accordance with French generally accepted auditing standards, for each of the two 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 and who have reviewed Société Générale’s 
interim condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the six-month period ended 
30 June 2023. The statutory auditors of Société Générale have no material interest in Société Générale. 
Benchmark Regulation 
The Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and/or 
Resettable Notes may be calculated by reference to, one or more “benchmarks” for the purpose of the 
Benchmark Regulation as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, such Final Terms may specify the 
relevant administrator and whether such benchmark administrator appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks referred to above.

--- Page 296 ---
General Information 
 
284 
 
 
 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus 
or the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Issuer’s website 
The website of the Issuer is “www.societegenerale.fr”. The information on such website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, expect where that information has been incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.  
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41. 
Absence of conflicts of interest  
To the best of the Board of Directors’ knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the 
duties performed by the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the members 
of the Board of Directors on behalf of the Issuer and any other obligations or private interests.

--- Page 297 ---
285 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17, cours Valmy 
CS 50318 
92972 Paris, la Défense Cedex 
France 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17, cours Valmy 
CS 50318 
92972 Paris, la Défense Cedex 
France 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, 
CONSOLIDATION AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale  
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers as to French and English law 
White & Case LLP 
19, Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Tour First 
TSA 14444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France